Life360 Privacy & Cookie Policy This Privacy & Cookie Policy was last modified on April 5, 2023. Life360 protects and connects your loved ones, pets, and important items to make your life easier and less stressful. We take your privacy as seriously as you do, and we are committed to protecting it. This Privacy Policy explains our practices regarding the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, storage, and protection of personal information that is collected through our products and services, as well as your choices regarding the same. As you review our policy, keep in mind that it applies to Life360, Inc.’s (" Life360 ", " we ", " our ", or " us ") websites, mobile apps (Life360, Tile and Jiobit), help center and other associated services we provide (“Services”). It also applies to Life360 physical devices (e.g. Tile trackers, and partner products that have the Tile-finding technology embedded within them) as well as other products such as Labels (“Products”). Before accessing or using our Products and/or Services, please ensure that you have read this Policy and understand how we collect, store, use and disclose your personal information as described herein. Table of Contents I. INFORMATION WE COLLECT I. INFORMATION WE COLLECT The information Life360 collects depends on what Life360 Products or Services you use and how you use them. Note that failure to provide necessary information when requested may result in you not being able to fully utilize our Products and/or Services. A. Information You Give Us Directly When you create or modify a Life360, Tile or Jiobit account, update your preferences, purchase and/or activate a Product, contact us (including by social media), participate in an online survey, or otherwise interact with Life360’s Products and Services, we may collect a variety of information, including: Account Information . Your username, email address, real name, nicknames, date of birth, telephone number, password, shipping and billing addresses, and Products activated. You may also choose to provide a photo to associate with your Life360 account, Tile or Jiobit Products. Circle Information. When you create a Circle in your Life360 app and invite a friend or family member to join your Circle, we collect their name, email address, mobile phone number, and photo if one is provided. Identity Verification. In certain circumstances, for instance, depending on the features of our Products and Services you use or based on your age and relevant country of residence, we may collect additional information to verify that your parent or guardian has consented to your use of the Services which may include an image of their government-issued ID along with a selfie image which are used with facial recognition technology to produce a unique biometric identifier based on facial geometry. (Note: the digital age of consent may vary by jurisdiction and Life360 may adjust our parental consent process accordingly.) For, more information please click here . Payment and Transaction Information. When you place an order for a Product or upgrade to a premium subscription, you’ll need to provide an email address, a first and last name and/or a shipping address. Any payment information provided is processed by the relevant billing and/or payment processor. We may also collect information such as which version of the Product or subscription service you are using, the date and time that you activated your account, the duration of your subscription, the data related to any subscription cancellation request, and any in-app purchases you may make. Optional Account Information. You may also customize your in-app map by labeling locations, such as “work” and “home,” to make it easy to spot your favorite places and to provide alerts when Circle members leave and arrive or when you leave a Tile device behind using the “Smart Alert” feature. Jiobit members also have the option to provide us with additional information including emergency information about a device wearer such as their legal first and last name, height, weight, gender, ethnicity, race, medications, allergies, and medical conditions (including whether the individual is special needs and the category of such special needs), or pet breed in the case of an animal. Contest Prize and Tax Information. If you are the recipient of a contest or sweepstakes prize that requires tax reporting, we may collect identifiers associated with your government-issued documents (such as a social security number). Other Information You Provide to Us.Information you provide in response to surveys about our Products or Services; any information about your friends that you provide us through our referral services, any information or content that you voluntarily submit or post to the Life360 or Tile websites or blogs, or comments you post to our Facebook page (or other social media pages), information you provide when seeking help from us, such as your name, email address, telephone number, mailing address and records (including call recordings) and technical information related to the issues you experience. B. Information We Collect When You Use or Interact with our Products and Services We may collect other information when you use our Products and Services, such as: Device Information. Information about your device, hardware and software information, such as your mobile device identifiers, IP address, or browser information (including browser type and language preference), Location and Movement Information. We collect your location and motion information through your IP address, WiFi, Bluetooth, and GPS coordinates (e.g., latitude/longitude) available through your mobile device, motion information such as altitude, heading and speed. Driving Event Information. We may collect sensory and motion data from your mobile device including gyroscope, accelerometer, compass and Bluetooth (including, information related to your motion activity such as whether you are cycling, walking running or driving, and information about your speed, acceleration and deceleration). Messages and Member Content. We collect information when you message other members of your Circle through use of our Services, when you provide Life360 with feedback, when you make a blog post, comment, or when you tag Life360, Tile or Jiobit in a social media post, any photos or videos you send via the in-app messaging to other members of your Circles. Certain data we collect may be considered sensitive under applicable law. To the extent we collect sensitive personal information, we process such information for disclosed purposes as permitted by and in compliance with applicable law. C. Information Provided to Us by Third Parties We may receive information about you from other sources, including through third-party services that you connect to your Life360 account, or third-party services and organizations to supplement information provided by you. For example: When you link your Tile account to a smart partner platform to enable interaction with our Products and Services through voice or other smart platform interactions or services (e.g. Google Assistant-enabled or Alexa-enabled devices), we may collect location information for all Tiles scanned by the smart partner device for members who have linked their account to the applicable platform.When you choose to connect or interact with our Services through a third-party social networking service (“ Social Network ”), such as when you Like us on Facebook or post a comment to our Facebook page, we may collect information that you have already made public on your Social Network account. We may use social plugins, widgets and other features (each, a “Social Feature”) that are made available by and/or access third-party Social Networks. These Social Features allow these Social Networks to place cookies on your browser and to collect certain information, which may be associated with your personal Social Network account such as your name, your Social Network user identification number, your Social Network username, location, gender, birth date, email, profile picture, and your contacts on the Social Network. II. HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION When you visit our websites, use our apps, read our emails or otherwise engage with us, we may automatically collect certain information about your device through a variety of technologies, including cookies, web beacons, log files, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies, or other tracking/recording tools (collectively, “Tracking Technologies”), and we may combine this information with other personal information we collect about you. We use these Tracking Technologies to collect usage and device information, such as: Information about the computer, tablet, smartphone or other device you use, for example, your device’s telephone number (if it has one), your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, device type/model/manufacturer, operating system, phone number, mobile carrier, date and time stamp, a unique ID that allows us to uniquely identify your browser, mobile device or your account (including, for example, a UDID, IDFA, Google Ad ID, Windows Advertising ID or other persistent device identifier or Ad ID), battery life, whether the device is connected to WiFi, and other such information. With your permission, we may also access your photo or camera roll. We also use Analytics, Advertising, and Anti-Fraud technologies in our Products and Services.These technologies may utilize the same cookies or similar mechanisms as further described below. A. Cookies and Similar Technologies Cookies are pieces of code that allow for personalization of our website experience by saving your information such as user ID and other preferences – if your browser is set to accept cookies. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your device’s hard disk (such as your computer or smartphone) for record-keeping purposes. Web beacons (also known as web bugs, pixel tags or clear GIFs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that may be included on our Services for several purposes, including to deliver or communicate with cookies, to track and measure the performance of our Services, to monitor how many visitors view our Services, and to monitor the effectiveness of our advertising. Unlike cookies, which are stored on the member’s device, web beacons are typically embedded invisibly on web pages (or in an e-mail). For more information about the Cookies we use and how to manage their setting please click on “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” at the bottom of any of our web pages. B. Analytics and Advertising Technologies We may collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools such as Google Analytics, which may use Tracking Technologies, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for our websites, Products and Services. They types of data that analytics technologies may capture are as follows: referral/exit pages; how frequently you access our Services; whether you open emails or click the links contained in emails; whether you access our Services from multiple devices; the features you use; the links you click; the ads you view and click on; purchase transaction information; your location when you access or interact with our Products and Services; technical related information about your computer or device and operating and/or network systems (such as IP Address and device ID); information about your engagement with certain features and usage statistics; and other similar actions. We may collect and share your personal information, including your unique identifiers or Advertising IDs and other data such as app events, with third-party ad networks, social media companies, including without limitation, to inform and improve tailored advertising, attribution, analytics or research purposes. These advertising partners collect and use information such as: click stream information; timestamp; hashed email address; device ID or AdID; andyour use of third-party applications. and may combine this information with information they collect directly through Tracking Technologies or that they receive from other third-parties. These third party partners may use the information they have gathered independently according to their own privacy policies. You have the right to object to and opt-out of certain third-party tracking and advertising. Where you have consented to Life360’s processing of your information, you may withdraw that consent at any time and opt-out of certain processing activities, such as targeted marketing communications. Even if you opt-out, we may still collect and use information regarding your activities on our Sites and/or information from the advertisements on third-party websites for non-interest-based advertising purposes, such as to determine the effectiveness of the advertisements. For more information on how to adjust your third-party tracking and advertising settings please see the following informational pages: III. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION We may use and disclose your information to service providers to provide, maintain, and improve our Products and Services to develop new products and features, to determine which new products or services may be of interest to you and to promote our Products and Services. We retain the information we collect for as long as necessary to provide our Products and Services, and we may retain that information beyond that period if necessary for legal, operational, or other legitimate reasons. We may also de-identify, anonymize, or aggregate the information we collect, or collect it in a way that does not directly identify you. We may use and share such information as necessary for our business purposes and as permitted by applicable law. The specific purposes for our acquisition, retention, use, and processing of your information are described in this Section III (How We Use Your Information). A.Administrative Purposes We may use information about you for our administrative purposes, including to: Provide the Products and Service to you;Measure interest in Life360’s Products and Services; Develop new products and Services; Ensure the integrity, security and perform internal quality control and optimization of our Products and Service; Verify individual identity; Communicate about individual accounts and activities utilizing Life360’s Products, Services, and systems;Make changes to any Life360 policies; Send messages to the email address you provide to us to verify your Account; For informational, transactional, marketing and operational purposes, such as Account management, customer service, or system maintenance; To process payment for products or services purchased; To process applications and transactions; To prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities; and To enforce our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy. B. Marketing Life360 Products and Services Life360 may use information, and Individuals who provide us with personal information may receive periodic emails, newsletters, mailings, or phone calls from us, as allowed by applicable law, for marketing purposes such as to: Provide you with information related to Life360’s or our business partners’ products and services that may be of interest to you;Notify you of upcoming special offers/events we believe may be of interest;Conduct individual or market research;Conduct research and drive marketing analytics;Conduct online behavioral advertising;Tailor content, advertisements, and offers that may be of interest to you; Introduce new content, features, Products or Services.; and For other purposes disclosed at the time that you provide us your information; or otherwise with your consent. C. Research and Development We may use information to create non-directly identifiable information that we may use alone or in the aggregate with information obtained from other sources as set forth herein, in order to: Help us to optimally deliver our existing Products and Services;To develop new Products and Services;For research, and internal analysis; For instance, from time to time, Life360 may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage third-party service providers to conduct such surveys on our behalf (all survey responses are voluntary). The survey responses may be utilized to: Determine the effectiveness of our Products and Services, Perform various types of communications, advertising campaigns, and/or promotional activities. Learn more about our members and potential members and their individual and collective needs If an individual participates in a survey, the information given will be used along with that of other study participants. We may share anonymous individual and aggregate data for research and analytics purposes. D. Connecting with Social Media If you use these Social Features the supplemental information provided will allow us to verify information that you have provided to Life360 and to enhance our ability to provide you with information about our business, products, and Services. These Social Features are operated solely by the respective Social Networks, and their service providers, and we recommend that you carefully read their privacy policies before you decide to use them. We have no control over or access to the information collected, stored or used by such Social Networks, and the information practices of such Social Networks are not covered by this Privacy Policy. E. Information Collected Automatically Through the use of Tracking Technology We use information collected through the use of Tracking Technologies (e.g. cookies and web beacons) to: Remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit our website or use our Services; Authenticate your access;Keep track of your in-app specified preferences or choices;Display a personalized browsing historyProvide custom, personalized content and information, including targeted content and advertising;Record your device’s location and movements; Identify and contact you across multiple devices; Provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Services and our marketing campaigns; Monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, members, traffic, and demographic patterns; Provide specific technical support (diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our members or engineers that are associated with certain IP addresses or User IDs;Detect or prevent fraud or other harmful activities; Automatically update our mobile application on your system and related devices; and Otherwise plan for and enhance our Services. IV. INFORMATION WE DISCLOSE TO THIRD PARTIES We disclose your information to select third-parties as well as our subsidiaries as set forth below.We will not disclose your personal information to independent third parties other than in the circumstances discussed in this Privacy Policy without your prior consent. We may also use and disclose your information for our protection and the protection of others to prevent fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity theft, and other illegal activities and misuse of our Products and Services. We may disclose this information within Life360, with our subsidiaries, and with third parties for our or their purposes in an anonymized or aggregated form that is designed to prevent anyone from identifying you. A. Disclosing to Others in Your Life360 Circles, or Friends Depending on which tools and functionalities are enabled, you may choose to disclose your personal information to other members of your Life360 Circles (Tiles may be shared with third-parties who are not a member of your Circles upon your request, via the in-App “Unlimited Sharing” setting, which may be modified by you at any time), including your: Full name; Email address; precise location; driving event data; information about your use of our Service with members of your Circles (e.g. whether you have logged in on a new device); andTiles. In addition, other members of your Circles may disclose your personal information in certain circumstances, such as: if a member of your Circle enables voice actions on Google Assistant-enabled or Alexa-enabled devices, your personal information (including name, Tile name, and last place seen for each Tile) may be displayed to your Circle members on screen or via audio response on any device with the voice action enabled. To prohibit this data disclosure, you must ask your Circle member to disconnect his or her account from the voice action-enabled devices, or you can leave the Circle shared with that member. B. Third Parties that Provide Features You Use in Connection with our Services We may disclose personal information, including contact information and location and movement data, mobile device information (such as information generated by the gyroscope and accelerometer in your device), application analytics (including IP address and device identifiers), technical and analytical data, and driving event data with third-party partners that provide certain features and services you elect to use through or in connection with our Products or Service, to the extent that they are available in your country or region of residence. Some examples are as follows: C. Information Posted to our Blogs, Community Forums or Other Public Websites Any information or content that you voluntarily submit, or post to the Life360 or Tile websites or blogs, community forums, or comments you post to our Facebook page (or other social media pages) will automatically be available to the public. We may publicly post your reviews and comments online on our website or mobile app or link your reviews to third-party websites. We are not responsible for any information you choose to provide on social media pages, or for any content or communications you receive as a result of sharing such information. To request removal of your information from our website or blogs, please contact us at social@thetileapp.com . D. Service Providers, Business Partners, and Advisors We may disclose your personal information to our vendors and consultants who perform services on our behalf or who help us provide our Services, such as accounting, managerial, technical, email or chat services, marketing or analytic services, fraud prevention, bot detection, web hosting, and to other third-party partners or service providers who contractually agree to process personal information solely as necessary to provide services or features to our members on our behalf. Two of Life360’s Business Partners, Arity and Placer.ai, both provide important services to us as our service provider as well as have the right to commercialize aggregated data for certain purposes while also upholding your privacy. In particular, Arity powers the Life360 collision and driving features of the app and also monetizes non-personal and/or aggregated data for traffic insights and real-time traffic purposes. Arity also helps advertisers serve personalized offers and/or advertisements, and may also make additional use of your data independently with your express opt-in consent. Placer.ai is an analytics company focused on places of interest. Placer processes data on our behalf to provide important insights into places visited and also has the right to monetize solely aggregated data, again about places visited. You may opt-out of Arity and Placer’s independent monetization of your data—even in aggregated form--by opting out of data sales in the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” tab of the Privacy Center.At this time, we do not disclose personal information related to individuals who access our Services from the European Economic Area, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, or Korea to third parties for their independent marketing and/or monetization purposes. If we decide to disclose such personal data of EEA, Swiss, the United Kingdom, or Korean residents in the future for third-party independent use, individuals will first have the opportunity to provide opt-in consent. Importantly, and for the avoidance of doubt, locations associated with your Products whether they appear in the Tile, Jiobit, or Life360 apps will not be sold to or monetized by third parties even in aggregated form. We will never disclose your telephone number (in a non-obfuscated format) with any of our third-party business partners, vendors, or consultants for their independent SMS marketing purposes without your explicit, affirmative opt-in consent. E. Purchasers and Other Third Parties in Connection with a Business Transaction We may at any time buy or sell/divest the company, or any portion or combination of its products, services, assets and/or businesses. Personal information such as member names and email addresses, and other member information related to our Services will likely be one of the items transferred in these types of transactions. We may also disclose, transfer or assign such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions, or similar transactions or proceedings. F. Law Enforcement, Regulators, and Other Parties for Legal Reasons We may disclose personal information to third parties (including law enforcement, other government entity, or civil litigant; excluding our subcontractors) when required to do so by law or subpoena or if in our sole discretion, we determine it is necessary to (a) conform to the law, comply with legal process, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities; (b) to enforce our Terms of Use , this Privacy Policy, to take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against any claims or allegations, or to protect the security or integrity of our site; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Life360, our employees, members or others. G. De-Identified Information We may share with third parties, including advertisers and service providers, anonymized, aggregated and/or anonymous data we collect about you and other members, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, and information about the computer or device from which you access our Services, or the results of hashing your email address. V. YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION We believe in transparency and providing you with the opportunity to make important decisions about how your information is used, processed, stored and shared as outlined in this Section V (Your Choices about Your Information). If you would like more detailed information about the information we have, shared, sold, or disclosed please see our Service Provider and Third-Party Processing Chart which provides more information about the entities to whom we may disclose your information. This list includes the following information: (i) the name of the third-party service provider or business partner, (ii) the name of the privacy officer, contact information and a link to the third party’s privacy policy, (iii) the purpose of the disclosure and how the information may be used by such entity, (ii) the categories or specific items of information disclosed, (iii) the country to which the information will be transferred or stored, (iv) the timing and method of transfer of information, (v) the legal basis for such sharing, and (v) the amount of time the information will be retained by such third parties. A. Modifying, Correcting, Reviewing, and Deleting Your Information You may modify your account information, update or amend your personal information (e.g. name, email address, or phone number), or change your password by logging in to your App, clicking on “Settings” and then “Account” (for Life360) or “Manage Account” (for Tile or Jiobit Apps). You may review the information we collect or disclose about you, the categories of sources of such information, the business or commercial purpose for collecting your information, and the categories of third parties with whom we disclose personal information, or request that your information be deleted by submitting a request as described below. Please note that the information provided via the in-App links described in this section does not include technical information or support records. If you would like to request information related to your support records, please contact us directly at privacy@life360.com ).In the Life360 app, you may: Exercise your right to Opt In or Opt Out of App-based personal information sales or sharing by clicking on the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in your in-App Privacy & Security settings and adjusting the personal information sales toggle. Request a copy or deletion of your personal information under the “Additional Data Rights” page, then, select “Request Your Personal Information” or “Delete Your Account” to submit your request. We will process your request and send a confirmation email. In the Tile and Jiobit apps, you may: Request deletion of your personal information through the Tile app by clicking on “Settings”, then “Manage Account”, and finally by clicking on “Delete Account” and following the on-screen instructions.Request deletion of your personal information through the Jiobit app by clicking on “Menu”, then “Account”, then “Manage Account, and finally by clicking on “Delete My Data” and following the on-screen instructions.To exercise your other rights related to the Tile or Jiobit Products and Services please contact us as further described below with your detailed request. You may also request the closure and deletion of your account by contacting us at privacy@life360.com with your deletion request. Please include your full name, email address associated with your Account, the service you are using, and a detailed description of your deletion request. Note: prior to deletion of your Tile account, you may transfer your Tiles to another Tile customer by following the instructions found in our support pages covering the Transfer of a Tile . Tile may only be transferred from or to active accounts. Please note, we will retain minimum information as required by applicable law, as outlined below in Section VII(F) (Data Retention). For Tile customers: If you delete your account or other personal information, the location information associated with active Tile Products may still be collected anonymously from other Tile Community members who are running the app and are within Bluetooth range of your device. Any such new location information will no longer be associated with your account (to completely disable this type of information collection we recommend you transfer the Tiles prior to account or data deletion, remove the battery from or disable your Products). B. Communications from Life360 We may periodically send you promotional newsletters and emails. You have the ability to opt-out of these by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the emails you receive. Certain communications, like billing information and Service updates are necessary for you to receive, you will not be able to opt-out of those communications. For more information about the types of communications Life360 may send, and for detailed instructions on how to opt-out please see the following (note, some jurisdictions may require your consent prior to receiving promotional messages): C. Location and Movement Data Collection and Sharing in the Life360 App As described in Section 2, we collect precise location data and driving event and movement data from your device to provide the Life360 Services, and may share your personal information, including location and movement data, with other Life360 members in Circles you belong to, and with third parties for crash detection, research, analytics, attribution, and tailored advertising purposes. You have many options to control this data collection and sharing activity through the App Settings. For more information on how to control these settings please see the following: If you no longer want to continue using the Products and/or Services, uninstalling the Life360, Tile, or Jiobit app (as applicable), removing the battery from or disabling the Products, and logging out from our Service will also stop us from collecting your location. D. Web-Based Personal Information Sales You may also exercise your opt In and opt out rights related to web-based personal information sales or sharing via all of our websites, please click the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link in the footer of the website and adjust the toggles as applicable. Please note these settings must be completed for each browser on each device you use and for each of our websites ( Life360.com , Tile.com, and Jio.com ) separately, and will not affect App-based settings. If you clear your cookies or your browser is set to do so, you will have to exercise the choice again. If you wish to modify how data is collected through the Life360, Tile, or Jiobit application, you must do so separately by following the instructions above. If you have not visited our sites, no action is required. VI. OUR POLICY TOWARDS CHILDREN Life360 takes special precautions to protect the privacy of our younger members.In accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”), Life360 does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13, 16 in California, (a “child”) without verifiable consent of a parent or guardian, and our Services are intended to be used by children under 13 only with significant parental or guardian involvement and approval. If Life360 learns that we have inadvertently collected personal information of a child without parental consent as required by law, we will take appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child has a registered account with our Services or is using our Products without your consent, please alert us immediately by emailing privacy@life360.com . By enabling your child to create a member account and/or permitting your child to use the Products or Services, you expressly agree to the practices described in this Privacy Policy and you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your child’s personal information as described herein. A. Setting up a Child Account If a parent wishes to add a member who is a child to our Services, we request the parent provide verifiable consent when required by COPPA, through one of several methods, such as by verifying the parent’s driver’s license or by submitting a parental consent form (available here ) via mail or email. The child will then be able to participate in most aspects of the Life360 Services. In some instances, our Products are intended to be worn and used by children and pets. By providing the Products to a child, you represent and warrant to Life360 that you consent to such child’s use of our Products and Services and further consent as a parent to enable and permit Life360’s collection and use of the information from the Products and Services used by the child as stated in this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use . B. Personal Information we Collect about Children We take special precautions to collect only as much information as is reasonably necessary for the child to use our Products and Services. C. Information sharing about Children Life360 may disclose a child’s personal information to our third-party vendors, service providers, and business partners as described in this Privacy Policy. However, we do not share or sell personal information collected from the accounts of children for marketing or advertising purposes, nor do we permit our service providers and business partners to collect and use such information for advertising purposes. The child’s profile information and location will be shared with other members of any Circle the child joins. Please note the child will be able to share his or her location with other members of that Circle and may exchange messages with those Circle members. You are responsible for monitoring your child’s account and location-sharing activity through our Products and Services and for blocking or permitting location-sharing features. D. Minors Generally We do not sell the personal information of members we know to be less than 16 years of age. If you are under the age of 18 and you want to remove your name or comments from our website or publicly-displayed content, please contact us directly at privacy@life360.com . We may not be able to modify or delete your information in all circumstances. E. Contact Us Regarding your Child’s Account or Information The parent or legal guardian has a right to request to review or have deleted the child’s personal information and may withdraw consent for our Products and Services to collect any further personal information from the child. Please contact us at privacy@life360.com to request to review and/or delete any personal information we may have collected from the child, or to withdraw permission for Life360 to collect any additional information from the child. We will require the parent or guardian to provide us with sufficient identification before providing access to, or acting upon, such personal information. VII. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION Life360 cares about the security of your information and we take great efforts to protect your personal information. We cannot guarantee and you cannot reasonably expect that our databases will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse. A. Security We have implemented appropriate standards to reduce the risk of unauthorized or unlawful access of your personal information. No security system is impenetrable and we cannot absolutely guarantee the security of our systems and your information. We will never send you unsolicited messages or contact you by phone requesting sensitive information. This may include account ID, password, payment, or national ID numbers.Please note that e-mails and other communications you send to us are not encrypted, and we strongly advise you not to share any sensitive information through these means. If any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify the impacted individuals and take steps in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations. B. Accuracy and Confidentiality of Your Email Address and Password You are responsible for the secrecy of your password and ensuring the email address associated with your account(s) is accurate. We use your email address to contact you about service updates, changes to our policies, and account activities such as requests for your information. We recommend using a strong password unique to this service. If you believe your account has been compromised, change your password immediately via the applicable app or website. Life360 is not responsible for information or data transmitted to a third party as a result of a member providing an incorrect phone number or email address. C. Jiobit Device Security Jiobit devices use unique hardware to deliver unmatched security and encryption. Our devices include a dedicated security chip required to communicate with our secure servers and are intrusion resistant. Unlike most other connected devices, it cannot be reprogrammed - part of the circuit board is physically burned away during manufacturing. Jiobit location data is encrypted at rest and while in transit. D. Fraud Prevention To prevent the misuse of our Services by bots or other nefarious means, we use anti-bot services to ensure the integrity of our service, for more information click here . E. Onward Transfer With respect to onward transfers to third-party agents acting on our behalf, Life360 remains liable should its agents process information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles or other applicable laws. We may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. F. Data Retention Life360 retains the information we receive as described in this Privacy Policy for as long as you use our Products or Services or as otherwise necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected, to resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business interests, enforce our agreements, and to comply with applicable laws. Our retention is based upon the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the information, the purposes for which we process the information, applicable legal requirements, and our legitimate interests. The purposes for which we process information may dictate different retention periods for the same types of information. VIII. ADDITIONAL STATE, COUNTRY, AND REGION-SPECIFIC PRIVACY TERMS A. California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) and California Consumer Rights Act (CPRA) California residents can make certain requests about their personal information under the CCPA. Specifically, if you are a California resident, you have the right to request any or all of the following information relating to your personal information we have collected and used in the last 12 months, upon verification of your identity: provide you with the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you and information about: the categories of personal information we have collected about you; the categories of sources of the personal information; the categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom this information was disclosed; the categories of personal information we have sold or shared and the categories of third parties to whom the information was sold or shared; and the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling/sharing the personal information. You also have the following rights with regards to your personal information as further described in our Notice of Collection : the right to opt-out of personal information sales and shares for cross-context behavioral advertising; the right to limit our use of your sensitive personal information;the right to correct inaccurate personal information about you;the right to delete certain information we have about you;the right for us to provide you with information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any; andthe right to not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising these rights. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we may retain certain information for legal compliance and to secure our Services. We may need certain information in order to provide our Services to you; if you ask us to delete it, you will no longer be able to use our Services.Categories of Personal Information Collected Depending on your use of our Services, the following categories of personal information may have been collected in the preceding 12 months (as these processing activities are defined under applicable privacy laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act “CCPA” and the California Privacy Rights Act “CPRA”): Identifiers; such as a real name, user name, account name, account information, ID verification information, telephone number, email address, online identifiers, device identifiers, IP address, mobile device identifiers, shipping address; Purchase information; such as payment card number, payment account details, billing address, and other payment information; Characteristics of Protected Classifications under state or federal law; such as age, gender, ethnicity, and race; Commercial Information; such as products or services interaction, motion, and fitness information, and purchase history; Internet or Electronic Network Activity information; such as browsing history, search history, and information regarding interactions with our Products and Services, websites, mobile apps, and/or advertisements; Geolocation Information; such as location data derived from IP address or device settings; Inferences; such as consumer preferences drawn from the above. California Consumer Information Sold or Shared in the Last 12-Months In the previous 12 months, if you were a Life360 member (excluding information related to our Tile and Jiobit Products) we have sold or shared the following categories of personal information to third-party partners and advertising partners for targeted marketing, attribution, analytics, and research purposes (subject to your settings and opt-outs): Identifiers, Internet/Network information, Geolocation, Inferences, and Other personal information, including driving event and movement data. These third-party businesses may use such information for their own purposes in accordance with their own privacy statements, which may include reselling this information to additional third parties, including other advertising networks. Other Ways to Exercise Your California Rights Alternatively, you may submit a request to exercise your California privacy rights via email by contacting us at privacy@life360.com and including your account name and mobile telephone number as well as the consumer right you would like to exercise. To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps such as verifying your email address and specific information to verify your identity and request. For faster response times, we recommend members submit all requests through the in-App Privacy & Security Settings. B. Legal Basis for Processing Our legal basis for processing your personal information varies depending on the type of information we collect and the context in which we collect it as well as our records of your country of residence. Depending on where you reside, we may rely on different legal bases to process your information. If you are a resident of the European Economic Area or of a jurisdiction where similar legal requirements may apply such as Brazil, Switzerland, and the United Kingdom, we rely on a number of legal bases to process information about you. We will process information about you where we have your consent, where we have a legitimate interest to do so, where the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, and/or where we have a legal obligation to process your information. For example, we typically rely on: necessity to meet an actual contractual obligation when you create a Life360, Tile, or Jiobit account to enable us to provide you with our Products and Services.consent when placing cookies on your device on the web (through our cookie consent manager), to send you email marketing, or to deliverthird-partyy targeted advertising to you related to our Products and Services;our legitimate interests to process your information when providing you with customer service support, to serve targeted marketing of our Products and Services, for fraud prevention and security purposes; to fulfill our contractual obligations; andnecessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject. C. California’s “Shine the Light” Law California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) provides certain rights to California residents that have an established business relationship with us with regard to the disclosure of certain types of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To opt-out of having your personal information disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, please click the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link available in the in-App Privacy & Security Settings and adjust the Personal Information Sales toggle. D.Your Nevada Privacy Rights Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes permits a Nevada resident to opt-out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. To exercise your Nevada opt-out rights: you may click on the "Do Not Sell My Personal Information" link in your in-App Privacy & Security Settings and adjust the Personal Information Sales toggle. Alternately, you may send an email to privacy@life360.com with the subject line “Nevada Privacy Rights” and include your account name and mobile telephone number. We may need to contact you to request additional information to verify your request. For faster response times, we recommend members submit all requests through the in-App Privacy & Security Settings. E. Australian Members Use and Disclosure of Personal Information In Australia, we will only use and disclose your personal information for the purposes of marketing Life360 Products and Services or the services of third-party organizations where you have consented to us doing so, or as otherwise permitted by law. Security Liability for Australian Members Except to the extent liability cannot be excluded due to the operation of statute, we exclude all liability (including in negligence) for the consequences of any unauthorized access to, disclosure of, misuse of, or loss or corruption of your personal information. Nothing in this Privacy Policy restricts, excludes or modifies, or purports to restrict, exclude or modify any statutory consumer rights under any applicable law including the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth). F. International Transfer As we are located in the USA, you agree that all information collected via or by Life360 may be transferred, processed, and stored anywhere in the world, including but not limited to, the United States, the European Union, in the cloud, on our servers, on the servers of our affiliates or the servers of our service providers. Your information may be accessible to law enforcement or other authorities pursuant to a lawful request. By providing information to Life360, you explicitly consent to the storage of your information in these locations if you are in Korea, the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, this may mean that your personal information will be stored in a jurisdiction that offers a level of protection that may, in certain instances, be less protective of your personal information than the jurisdiction you are typically resident in. We will implement appropriate safeguards to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with applicable Korean, EEA, and UK privacy laws and this privacy policy, including: (i) ensuring that we use your personal information in accordance with standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission for transfers of personal data to recipients outside the EEA and UK; and (ii) ensuring that any recipients of your personal information commit to the same standards. If you wish to enquire further about the safeguards used, please contact us using the details set out at the end of this privacy notice. Except in some cases where we may rely on an exception under the Australian Privacy Act 1988 (Cth), we will take reasonable steps to ensure that such overseas recipients do not breach the Australian Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) in relation to such information. G. Privacy Shield Life360 complies with the requirements of the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (collectively “ Privacy Shield ”), as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the Federal Trade Commission (“ FTC ”), regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Economic Area and Switzerland to the United States. We have certified to the Department of Commerce that we adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles and Supplemental Principles. To the extent that the Privacy Shield applies to your information, if there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view Life360, or Tile’s certifications, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov . As of September 2020, the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield has been invalidated. Nonetheless, we have committed to adhere to these Principles with respect to the protection of personal data to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with applicable laws. Life360 may also protect information through other legally valid methods, including international data transfer agreements. H.Additional Accountability for EU or Swiss Citizens If you are an EU or Swiss citizen and feel that Life360 is not abiding by the terms of this Privacy Policy, or is not in compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, please contact Life360 at the contact information provided below. In addition, Life360 has agreed to refer unresolved complaints related to personal information to JAMS Privacy Shield Dispute Resolution Program and, with respect to employee and human resources data, has committed to cooperate with the panel established by local data protection authorities and comply with the advice given by the panel for EU citizens and with the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner’s authority and advice for such data of Swiss citizens. For more information and to submit a complaint regarding Individual data to JAMS, a dispute resolution provider which has locations in the United States and EU, visit https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield . Such independent dispute-resolution mechanisms are available to citizens free of charge. If any request remains unresolved, you may contact the national data protection authority for your EU Member State. You may also have a right, under certain conditions, to invoke binding arbitration under Privacy Shield; for additional information, see https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction . The FTC has jurisdiction over Life360's compliance with Privacy Shield. IX. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES AND SERVICES Our Services may contain links to websites and services that are owned or operated by third parties. Any information that you provide on or to a third-party service, or that is collected by a third-party service, is provided directly to the owner or operator of the third-party service and is subject to the owner’s or operator’s privacy policy. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Life360, Tile, or Jiobit Services to another website or app, or engage with a third-party service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction, on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies, and Life360 is not responsible for the practices employed by those apps, websites, or services, nor the information or content contained therein. X. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please review it frequently. We'll notify you of material changes thirty days before they go into effect. If we are required by applicable data protection laws to give you enhanced notice or seek out consent to any such changes, we will do so. Otherwise, changes to this policy will be effective when posted. If you object to any of the changes to this Privacy Policy, you must cease using our Products and/or Services, and may request us to erase your personal information. Any information that is collected through your use of our Products or Services is covered by the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. XI. CONTACT US IF YOU HAVE QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS If you have any questions about our privacy practices, this Privacy Policy, our Products, or Services, please contact us at privacy@life360.com or by postal mail: Life360, Inc. ATTN: Privacy 1900 S. Norfolk Street, #310 San Mateo, CA 94403 United States A. Authorized Agents You may authorize another person (your “agent”) to contact us on your behalf. Authorized agents must submit the request via email to privacy@life360.com and include a signed letter from the Life360 member confirming the agent has permission to submit the request on the member’s behalf. In certain circumstances, we may need to request additional information to verify the identity of the member about whom the request is being made and/or to verify that the member has provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request, and it may take additional time to fulfill agent-submitted requests. Please note that for privacy and security reasons, we will direct future communications to the Life360 member on whose behalf the request was made. We may deny a request in the event we are not able to verify the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf. B. Right to Contact a Data Protection Authority You also have the right to contact your local Data Protection Authority if you prefer. We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the US Federal Trade Commission (FTC), and contact details for the EU Data Protection Authorities are available at http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm . XII. HUMAN RESOURCE INFORMATION We collect information from current, prospective, and former Employees, their contact points in case of a medical emergency, and beneficiaries under any insurance policy (“Human Resources Data”).The Human Resources Data we collect may include title, name, address, phone number, email address, date of birth, passport number, driver’s license number, Social Security number or other government-issued identification number, financial information related to credit checks, bank details for payroll, information that may be recorded on a Curriculum Vitae (CV) or application form, language abilities, contact information of third parties in case of an emergency and beneficiaries under any insurance policy. We may also collect Sensitive Human Resources Data such as details of health and disability, including mental health, medical leave, and maternity leave; information about national origin, veteran or immigration status; and optional demographic information such as race, which helps us achieve our diversity goals. We acquire, hold, use and Process Human Resources Data for a variety of business purposes including: workflow management, including assigning, managing and administering projects; Human Resources administration and communication; payroll and the provision of benefits; compensation, including bonuses and long-term incentive administration, stock plan administration, compensation analysis, including monitoring overtime and compliance with labor laws, and company recognition programs; job grading activities; performance and employee development management; organizational development and succession planning; benefits and personnel administration; absence management; helpdesk and IT support services; regulatory compliance; internal and/or external or governmental compliance investigations; internal or external audits; litigation evaluation, prosecution, and defense; diversity and inclusion initiatives; restructuring and relocation; emergency contacts and services; employee safety; compliance with statutory requirements; processing of employee expenses and travel charges; and acquisitions, divestitures, and integrations. 2023 TILE and the TILE design are trademarks of Tile, Inc. Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. All Other Cookies All Other Cookies Performance CookiesSwitch Label These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Back checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label