IMPORTANT PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS (last revised August 24, 2021) Your California Privacy Rights This Privacy Notice for California Consumers (“Notice”), provided by sticky.io’s (“sticky.io” or “we” or “us” or “our”), supplements, and is expressly made part of, the information contained in sticky.io ’s Privacy Policy and applies solely to consumers (“you” or “your”) as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and its amendments, and the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (collectively with the CCPA and its amendments referred to as “California law”). We adopt this Notice in compliance with California law and any terms defined in California law have the same meaning when used in this Notice. sticky.io collects information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device (“personal information”). As a consumer, you have certain rights regarding your personal information as defined in California law. This Notice provides you with information on how sticky.io collects, uses, and shares personal information. It also outlines the rights you have regarding personal information that we collect from you and describes how you can exercise those rights. Collection and Use of Personal Information As a company that conducts activities that are financial in nature, sticky.io is a “financial institution” as that term is defined in the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (“GLBA”). While the California law does not exempt financial institutions like sticky.io, from its requirements, it does exempt personal information collected by a financial institution pursuant to the GLBA. Accordingly, much, if not all, of the data consumers provide to sticky.io, or that we collect from our merchant clients regarding their consumers, will fall within the GLBA exemption. sticky.io recognizes the eleven (11) broad categories of personal information referenced in California law that a business may collect about a consumer. In particular, sticky.io has collected the following categories of personal information from consumers within the last twelve (12) months. Personal information does not include: Publicly available information from government records.De-identified or aggregated consumer information.Information excluded from California law's scope, such as:health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994. Any data that falls under one of the bullet points above will not be considered “personal information” under California law. We have obtained the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources: Directly from you. For example, from forms you complete or products and services you purchase.Indirectly from you. For example, from information we obtain in the course of providing services, or from observing your actions on our website.From third-party business partners such as merchants, social media sites, ad networks, and analytics providers. sticky.io may use this information to: Provide you with the information, products, or services you request from us.Fulfill the reason you provided or we received the information, such as connecting you with a company that will provide services that you are interested in.Personalize your website experience and deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our website, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent where required by law). Advertise and market products and services to you from both affiliated and non-affiliated entities, which includes sending promotional communications, target advertising, and presenting you relevant offers.Help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.Process your requests, purchases, transactions, and paymentsProvide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.Test, conduct research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our website, products, and services.Prevent transactional fraud.Respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.Carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in California law. sticky.io will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing notice to you. Such notice may be delivered, for example, by posting an updated California Privacy Notice. Sharing Personal Information sticky.io may disclose your personal information to a third party for business purposes. When we do so, sticky.io enters into a contractual arrangement that describes the business purpose and requires the recipient to both: (A) keep that personal information confidential; and (B) not use it for any purpose except performing the obligations under the contract. Please note that once we share your personal information with another company, the information received by the other company is controlled by that company and becomes subject to the other company’s privacy practices. We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties for a business purpose: AffiliatesService providersData aggregatorsInternet cookie data recipients (e.g., Google analytics) California law requires sticky.io to provide you with a statement on its personal information disclosures for a business purpose that reference the eleven (11) categories of information reflected in the chart above. In the preceding twelve (12) months, sticky.io has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: Category A: Identifiers.Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories. Selling Personal Information In the preceding 12 months, we have not sold the personal information of consumers. Notice Regarding Your Rights Access & Data Portability Rights You have the right to request that sticky.io disclose what personal information we collect, use, and disclose. If we receive and confirm your consumer request as verifiable and no exception applies, we will provide you with: The categories of personal information we collected about you.The categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.Our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information.The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two lists disclosing: Sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; andDisclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained. Deletion Request Rights Subject to certain exceptions, you have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained. If we receive and confirm your consumer request as verifiable, unless an exception applies we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records. California law provides a number a reasons why a deletion request may be denied. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to: Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you.Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities. Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546 et. seq.).Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.Comply with a legal obligation.Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it. Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to sticky.io by: Calling us toll-free during business hours at 1-800-455-9645.Sending a Privacy Request to: info@sticky.io Eligibility and Verification of Requests Only you or someone registered with the California Secretary of State and legally authorized to act on your behalf may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must: Provide sufficient information that allows sticky.io to verify, to a reasonable degree of certainty, that you are the person about whom sticky.io collected personal information (or your authorized representative), which may include multi-factor authentication of identifying information provided by you. Such authentication may be conducted and verified independently or in combination with a comparison of personal information already maintained by sticky.io, if any; andDescribe your request with sufficient detail that allows sticky.io to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us, but we must also be able to confirm the personal information relates to you. However, we do consider requests made through your password protected account sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific account. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request. Response Timing and Format sticky.io endeavors to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of receiving it. If sticky.io requires additional time to process your request, up to a maximum total of ninety (90) days from the date the request is received, we will notify you of this and inform you of the reason for requiring the additional time. If you have an online account with us, we will deliver our written response to your online account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request or have denied a request, if applicable. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request. Non-Discrimination sticky.io will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights as described above. Unless permitted by California law, sticky.io will not: Deny you goods or services.Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. Do Not Track Disclosures How do we respond to Web browser “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services? We currently recognize and adhere to automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include "Do Not Track" instructions. May other parties collect personally identifiable information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across different websites when they visit sticky.io? No. Changes to Our Privacy Notice We reserve the right to amend this Notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make changes to this Notice, we will post the updated Notice on our website and update the Notice’s effective date. Your continued use of our website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.Contact Information sticky.io is committed to responding promptly to any questions or concerns you may have about this Notice. If you have questions concerning the methods by which sticky.io collects or uses your personal information as explained in this Notice and our Online Privacy Policy, the rights granted to you under California law, or how to exercise your rights, or if you are a consumer with a disability and you wish to receive a copy of this Notice, you can contact us by calling, writing, or emailing us: Contacting Us Legal/Privacy ComplianceAddress: sticky.io, 150 Spear St Ste. 900, San Francisco, CA 94105Phone: 1-800-455-9645E-mail: info@sticky.io Please print and retain a copy of this California Privacy Notice for your records. Performance Commerce Subscription Management resources for developers CompanyPrivacy Policy (last revised August 24, 2021) Overview of our Privacy Policy This privacy policy describes sticky.io’s (“sticky.io” or “we” or “us” or “our”) privacy practices in connection with its website: sticky.io. This policy is designed to inform you of the information we collect, how we collect that information, how we secure that information, how that information is used and with whom that information is shared. If our information practices change, we will post an updated policy on our website. You can tell if the policy has changed by checking the revision date that appears above. If we change the policy in a material way, we will provide appropriate notice to you. You may exercise your choices about how we collect and use your information consistent with this policy at any time. As a CRM platform provider for other businesses, we do not collect consumer information directly from consumers. Rather, we are a business service provider and hold/process data at the direction of businesses that use our platform subject to our data processing agreement with such merchant. This Privacy Policy describes our collection and use of information provided by users of our website. If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please contact us as described in the section entitled, “Contacting Us”, below. Information we collect and how we get that information How do we use the information we collect about you? More Information On Data Trackers: Third-Party Cookies Do we share your personal information? Sharing Information with Service Providers and Business Partners Sharing Information with Other Third Parties Sharing Information To Provide Reviews or Testimonials Sharing Information in Connection with a Company Sale or Transfer Sharing Information – Other Disclosures Without Your Consent Is my personal information secure? When You Use Widgets Listed on Our Web Pages Third Party Sites Where do you store my personal information? How long will you keep my personal information? Will you transfer my personal information across national borders? What access do I have to the personal information that you collect? What if I have a dispute about how you handle my personal information? Will you market products or services to me? Notice to Vermont Residents Notice to Nevada Residents Protecting Children’s Privacy Online Your California Privacy Rights California Do Not Track Disclosure Will this privacy policy change? Contacting Us Information we collect and how did we get that information When you visit one of our web pages, engage our services, or contact us for support or other offerings, we collect information that identifies you. Some of this information identifies you personally (such as name) and other is non-personal (such as your activity on our website). The following is a general list of the types of information we collect: Payment Information such as billing address, credit card information, or account numbers.Contact Information including your name, address, email address, telephone number, etc.Login Information: If you are a member or customer of our services, we will collect your user id (e-mail address) and password.Online Identifiers: When you access our web pages, we obtain your Internet Protocol address , browser user agent , and your device id. Data Trackers, Including Cookies and Web Beacons : We collect information onwhat pages you access or visit;user-specific information on what pages you access or visit;information you volunteer, such as survey information and/or site registrations;bandwidth use;referral source;operating system; mobile carrier (where applicable); andsystem and connection performance. How do we use the information we collect about you? We use contact information, including email addresses, to communicate with our customers and provide requested services. This also helps us notify you about updates to our web pages, products and policies, and marketing releases. When you subscribe to our fee-based services, we use this contact information, as well as payment information, for billing purposes and to carry out your requested services. Online identifiers, login information and data trackers are used to secure the limited access portions of our web pages and services. Data trackers help our web pages work. They also help us to improve our content and to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor. In addition, we use online identifiers and data trackers to prevent and reduce fraudulent practices. For more information about our use of cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies, please read “ More Information On Data Trackers ” below. More Information On Data Trackers: Cookies are small text files that are stored by your web browser when you use websites. When you visit our web pages, our web server sends a cookie to your computer.You can control how websites use cookies by configuring your browser’s privacy settings (please refer to your browser’s help function to learn more about cookie controls). Note that if you disable cookies entirely, our web pages may not function properly. We use cookies in several ways, such as: To show whether you have visited a web page previously;To store your preferences;To show how you navigate around a web page and the most commonly clicked links on a specific web page;To gather certain technical information, such as your browser version and operating system; andTo estimate and report how many different users are on our websites. The use of cookies allow us to make your experience on our website simple and meaningful, to customize web page content, to alert you to new areas that we think might interest you, to provide better services, and to ensure that you are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads, when you return to our web pages. It also helps us to conduct research to improve the content and services of our web sites. Web beacons (sometimes called “tracking pixels”, “transparent gifs”, “clear gifs”, “pixel gifs”, or “pixel tags”) are tiny, invisible images that are embedded on web pages and emails and are stored on a your hard drive. They help us to count users who visit our web sites or open our emails. Tracking pixels help us figure out if certain features, notifications, and products or services are effective and if they can be improved. You can modify your browser settings to control web beacons. Third-Party Cookies We may also from time to time engage third parties to track and analyze data and statistics that do not identify you. This practice helps us administer our websites and improve their quality. These third parties may use cookies and web beacons to help track visitor behavior. Their cookies and web beacons may track how you interact with a web site through the use of cookies and the data collected may include how you navigate around a web page and the most commonly clicked links on a specific web page. They may also collect technical information, such as your browser version and operating system. If collected, this information will be used by us to evaluate and, if necessary, modify our website to improve the functions and make it easier for customers to use. Your name and contact information is not collected or used for this purpose. As a part of our efforts to carry out and improve our services to you and to monitor and improve the functions of our websites, we may also undertake profiling or automated individual decision-making. Automated individual decision-making refers to a decision made solely on the basis of automated processing of your personal data, without human involvement. For instance, we may process personal information using an algorithm or a software code. Profiling is automated processing of personal data to evaluate certain information collected about an individual. We conduct profiling and automated decision-making to better understand your interests and preferences and to adapt our communications to your user profile. You can address any questions or concerns about this practice by contacting us . Do we share your personal information? sticky.io works with companies that help us run our business. From time to time, we need to share some of your personal information with these companies so that they can perform requested services. They can only access your personal information to carry out the tasks we have asked them to do. They are required to hold this information in confidence, and they must meet both legal and industry standards to ensure that your data is protected. We may share your personal information with service providers, business partners, or other third parties. Sharing Information with Service Providers and Business Partners sticky.io shares information with business partners in order to carry out the services that you have requested. For example, we may share information with a merchant in order to provide a consumer with a requested product. This sharing is always done with the prior consent of the consumer. sticky.io may also share information about our visitors and/or customers with our contracted service providers so that these service providers can provide services on our behalf We work with companies who help us: host our services and data, manage how our services function, host our customer relationship management software, improve and automate our marketing techniques, incorporate customer service and other software platforms, process payments, collect delinquent accounts, fulfill, process and deliver orders, and market and promote products and services, including by email.These service providers are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide the requested services to us.Without limiting the foregoing, sticky.io may also share information about visitors, members, and/or customers with our service providers to ensure the quality of information provided. Without your permission, sticky.io does not share, sell, rent, or trade any information with third parties for their promotional purposes. Sharing Information with Other Third Parties We andour advertisers may collect information about you using cookies and web beacons. You can control the collection of such information using cookies and web beacons by adjusting the settings on your web browser . We also work with partners to create programs that help you to get the most out of our services and provide you the opportunity to purchase complementary products and services that may be used in tandem with our services.We may disclose your information to one or more trusted partners so they can help you or offer you complementary or value-added products and services. In each case, the trusted partner will confirm they will (1) hold your information in confidence, and (2) not use it for any purpose except for the purposes described above. We will only provide such information with your prior consent. We partner with third party ad networks to display advertising on our web pages or to manage our advertising on other websites. Our ad network partners may use cookies and web beacons to collect information about your activities on our websites and other websites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. To opt out of this type of cookies, visit the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) website by visiting OPT OUT OF INTEREST-BASED ADVERTISING . Even if you opt out through the NAI website, you can still receive communications you have signed up to receive from us unless you opt out of these communications as well. Sharing Information to Provide Reviews or Testimonials We may select and post customer testimonials about our services, which may contain personal information such as your name and/or the city, state, or country in which you live. We will obtain your consent before we post any testimonial with your name. When you submit a review, you give us permission to post that review. If you post this content, it will be available to other users. Your posting may also become public and we cannot prevent that information from being used in a manner that may violate our privacy policy or the law. If you would like us to remove or delete your name, testimonial, or review from our web pages, please contact us . Note that copies of information that you have updated, modified, or deleted may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of our web pages for a period of time. Sharing Information in Connection with a Company Sale or Transfer We may disclose information in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process, or to comply with relevant laws. We may also share your information in order to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies. Is my personal information secure? We use reasonable and diligent efforts to maintain accurate information on our customers and have adopted and implemented reasonable industry standard security procedures to protect any such information collected against the loss, misuse or alteration. We constantly monitor our systems, which are protected using industry-standard security measures. Although we will use reasonable efforts to secure network communications and our website, we cannot guarantee that the information submitted to, maintained on, or transmitted from our systems will be completely secure. When You Use Widgets Listed on Our Web Pages A widget is a small application with limited functions. It can be installed and used within a web page. It occupies a portion of a webpage and does something useful with information fetched from other websites. We may provide widgets on our web pages so you can share information on third-party platforms. Our web pages may also include social media features, such as the Facebook® or Twitter® button and similar widgets and interactive mini-programs that run on our site. The companies running those widgets may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable their widget to function properly. Social media widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our web pages. Since these other parties have their own privacy policies—and your use of their widgets is governed by their policies—we encourage you to review the privacy statements for the companies running those widgets. Third Party Sites Our website may contain links to third party websites.Please note that the privacy and other policies of any such third-party website may differ materially from this Policy. We strongly recommend that customers review the privacy policies of any such third party prior to submitting personally identifiable information. sticky.io has no control over and is not responsible for the information practices of other websites, including those to which we may link and those which may link to us. Where do you store my personal information? Your personal information and files are stored on sticky.io servers and the servers of companies we hire to provide services to us. Your personal information may be transferred across national borders because we have servers located worldwide and the companies we hire to help us run our business are located in different countries. How long will you keep my personal information? We will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide you with the product and services you have requested and as needed to comply with our legal obligations and enforce our agreements. Will you transfer my personal information across national borders? We primarily store information about our visitors, members, and customers in the United States. However, we may transfer your personal information across national borders to other countries in compliance with applicable laws. If you are a European resident, we transfer your data based on one or more of the following legal mechanisms: Standard Contractual Clauses. What access do I have to the personal information that you collect? Under the law of some countries, you have the right to: Access Your Personal Information . You may request access to your personal information by contacting us at the address provided below. If required by law, upon request, we will grant you reasonable access to the personal information that we have about you. Change Your Personal Information . We rely on you and our partners to update and correct your personal information provided to us. Note that we may keep historical information in our backup files as permitted by law. If you would like to change or update personal information you have provided to us, contact us at the address provided below. Deletion Of Your Personal Information . Typically we retain your personal information as described above, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. You may, however, request information about how long we keep a specific type of information, or request that we delete your personal information by contacting us at the address listed below. If required by law we will grant a request to delete information, but you should note that in many situations we must keep your personal information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, or for another one of our business purposes. Online Tracking . We currently recognize and adhere to automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include "Do Not Track" instructions. Promotional Emails . You may choose to provide us with your email address for the purpose of allowing us to send free newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials to you. You can stop receiving promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in e-mails that you receive. If you decide not to receive promotional emails, we may still send you service related communications. Revocation Of Consent . If you revoke your consent for the processing of personal information then we may no longer be able to provide you services. In some cases, we may limit or deny your request to revoke consent if the law permits or requires us to do so, or if we are unable to adequately verify your identity. You may revoke consent to processing (where such processing is based upon consent) by contacting us at the address described below. Object to Data processing based upon legitimate interests,Data processing for research or statistics,Direct marketing, andDecisions based exclusively on automated processing, such as profiling, so long as the decision does not impact our ability to enter or perform our contract services for you or is not based on your explicit consent, and Transfer, or port, your personal information that you provided us in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. To review, correct, delete or otherwise modify this information, or to remove your email address from our marketing database, please email your request to info@stikcy.io or otherwise review the “Contacting Us” section below. Requests to access, change, or delete your information will be addressed within a reasonable timeframe and in all cases within 30 days. To protect customer privacy and security, we reserve the right to take reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to granting access to or processing changes or corrections to such information. What if I have a dispute about how you handle my personal information? If you are an E.U.resident and you have a dispute about how we are handling your personal information you may have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority. Otherwise, all users may contact us with questions or disputes at our address, telephone and/or e-mail provided at the bottom of this Policy. Will you market products or services to me? sticky.io and companies we hire to help us market our web pages and services on our behalf may use your information to provide you with information and offers related to our services. You may decline to receive these offers by contacting us. You may also opt out of receiving future promotional/marketing messages from us by clicking the “unsubscribe” link found in the footer of our email messages. Please note that if you opt out of promotional/marketing messages, you may continue to receive certain communications from us, such as administrative and services announcements and/or messages about your account/profile. Notice to Vermont Residents In response to Vermont regulations, we automatically treat accounts with Vermont billing addresses as if you requested that we not share your information with nonaffiliated third parties, and that we limit the information we share with our affiliates. If we disclose information about you to nonaffiliated third parties with whom we have joint marketing agreements, we will only disclose your name, address, other contact information, and information about our transaction and experiences with you. Notice to Nevada Residents We are providing you this notice pursuant to state law. First, sticky.io does not sell consumer information. Second, as a NV resident may be placed on our internal Do Not Call List by requesting that we cease calling you by contacting us directly and making such request in writing at info@sticky.io . Nevada law requires that we also provide you with the following contact information: Bureau of Consumer Protection, Office of the Nevada Attorney General, 555 E. Washington St., Suite 3900, Las Vegas, NV 89101; Phone number: 702-486-3132; e-mail: BCPINFO@ag.state.nv.us . Protecting Children’s Privacy Online This website is not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that these individuals do not provide Personal Information through the website. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13. Visit the Federal Trade Commission website for more information about the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). If you believe that we have received information from a child or other person who is not of a majority age in their relevant jurisdiction, please contact us at our email or physical mailing address listed in the “Contact Us” section below and we will take all reasonable efforts to remove the information. Will this privacy policy change? If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the changes to our Privacy Statement web page to notify you of these changes. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Statement for the latest information on our privacy practices. Contacting Us Legal/Privacy ComplianceAddress: sticky.io, 150 Spear St, Ste. 900, CA 94105Phone: 1-800-455-9645E-mail: info@sticky.io Performance Commerce Subscription Management resources for developers Company