Privacy Our privacy policy and notices explain how we may use your personally identifiable information or personal data, and how we safeguard your privacy. Data Subject Request You have certain rights with respect to your personal information, such as the rights of access, deletion and correction. We provide a webform for you to submit requests to us in an efficient manner. Terms and Acceptable Use We provide terms of use relating to use of the Linksys website, as well as terms of service relating to use of particular Linksys services. Accessibility Linksys works to make all products and services accessible to all users. End of Life Policy Technology products reach the end of their product life cycle for various reasons. We have a policy for managing this transition, providing information about where your product is in its product life cycle and helping users find alternative Linksys products and services. Open Source Licenses Linksys uses many different kinds of open source software under different open source licenses. For certain copyleft open source licenses such as the General Public License or GPL, we also provide source code available on request. Supplier Responsibility Linksys holds our suppliers to the same high standards regarding labor, the environment, human rights and ethics that we commit to. Linksys HomeWRK You must agree to the Linksys HomeWRK for Business agreements or HomeWRK for Education terms in order to have certain rights and privileges as users of the Linksys HomeWRK for Business and Linksys HomeWRK for Education solutions. Sign Up New Product Announcements Exclusive Sales + Promotions Product Recommendations (Based On Your Purchase and/or Registered Products) Business Solutions Software + Services Your selection has been submitted. © Linksys Holdings, Inc. 2023 | All Rights Reserved | Security, Legal, Privacy, & Accessibility United States These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelLinksys Privacy Policy Sign Up New Product Announcements Exclusive Sales + Promotions Product Recommendations (Based On Your Purchase and/or Registered Products) Business Solutions Software + Services Your selection has been submitted. © Linksys Holdings, Inc. 2023 | All Rights Reserved | Security, Legal, Privacy, & Accessibility United States These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label