Our Data Privacy Principles Stay in control of your data. Rely on GDPR-compliant data for your analytics and research. Data with privacy and ethics in mind Rely on European privacy standards You can always trust that we do the right thing. All our processes, procedures and policies comply with GDPR rules and regulations, which set the world’s strictest privacy standards, and with the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) that enhances privacy rights and consumer protection for residents of California, United States. Also, we’ve programmed our crawler to comply with the international standard of the Robots Exclusion protocol and not crawl websites if there are rules in their robots.txt files that disallow crawling. Your data is protected As we pioneered the structured web, our focus is on internet technologies, their potential and protection from misuse. We do everything that’s in our power to protect our customers’ sensitive information from unauthorized access, changes, misuse and unwanted disclosure. We work together with financial and domain industry leaders, top universities and governments, for example, Statistics Netherlands, a Dutch governmental institution that gathers statistical information about the Netherlands, providing them with data to support their policies and research. You’re in control of your data When you share a list with domains and websites that you want to audit with Know Your Customer, we secure it on our firewall-protected private servers to which only you have access. Read more about how we store and process your data in our privacy statement . If you want to review which of your data we’ve indexed, you can contact our Data Protection Officer ( privacy.officer@dataprovider.com ) and request access, deletion and correction. You can trust the integrity of our data You can trust the integrity of our data as we can always trace it to its source: we don’t use any third-party data (except for our Traffic Index). Our advanced proprietary software indexes hundreds of millions of web pages and processes and structures this information into more than 200 relevant data points in categories such as geolocation, e-commerce, marketing, technical aspects, hosting and more. In Dataprovider.com you see - in black and white - how we’ve detected each and every result using our filters. Privacy by Design Our Privacy by Design technology ensures that by default we minimize the personally identifiable information (PII) to what is needed to accomplish your goal. We use the latest hashing techniques to minimize the use of PII. Do you have any questions about our Privacy Principles? Get in touch with our seasoned Data Protection Officer: he’ll answer all your questions ( privacy.officer@dataprovider.com ). Start today Whether you need actionable web data insights for day-to-day projects or for long-term strategies, the answer to your question lies in our structured web data. Sign up to our newsletter First name Last name Email Why usSupportCompany © All rights reserved 2023 - Dataprovider.com This website uses cookies that help the website to function and also to track how you interact with our website. But for us to provide the best user experience, enable the specific cookies from Settings, and click on Accept. By accepting you'll agree with our Privacy Policy This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website, to store user preferences and provide them with content and advertisements that are relevant to you. These cookies will only be stored on your browser with your consent to do so. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. You can find a more extensive version of our policy in the Dataprovider.com Cookie Policy . Necessary cookies are crucial for the basic functions of the website and the website will not work in its intended way without them. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data. cky-active-check https 1 day The cookie is set by CookieYes to check if the consent banner is active on the website. cookieyesID https 1 year Unique identifier for visitors used by CookieYes with respect to the consent cky-consent https 1 year The cookie is set by CookieYes to remember the user's consent to the use of cookies on the website. cookieyes-necessary https 1 year This cookie is set by CookieYes and is used to remember the consent of the users for the use of cookies in the 'Necessary' category.cookieyes-functional https 1 year This cookie is set by CookieYes and is used to remember the consent of the users for the use of cookies in the 'Functional' category. cookieyes-analytics https 1 year This cookie is set by CookieYes and is used to remember the consent of the users for the use of cookies in the 'Analytics' category. cookieyes-performance https 1 year This cookie is set by CookieYes and is used to remember the consent of the users for the use of cookies in the 'Performance' category. cookieyes-advertisement https 1 year This cookie is set by CookieYes and is used to remember the consent of the users for the use of cookies in the 'Advertisement' category. cookieyes-other https 1 year This cookie is set by CookieYes and is used to remember the consent of the users for the use of cookies categorized as 'Other'. __cfduid https 1 month This cookie is set by CookieYes. The cookie is used by cdn services like CloudFare to identify individual clients behind a shared IP address and apply security settings on a per-client basis. It does not correspond to any user ID in the web application and does not store any personally identifiable information. PHPSESSID https Session Dataprovider.com - Preserves user session state across page requests. REMEMBERME https 1 year Dataprovider.com - Is used to help the user login without inserting their credentials everytime. Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. lang https session LinkedIn - This cookie is used to store the language preferences of a user to serve up content in that stored language the next time user visit the website. bcookie https 2 years This cookie is set by linkedIn. The purpose of the cookie is to enable LinkedIn functionalities on the page. lidc https 1 day This cookie is set by LinkedIn and used for routing. Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. _gat_* http 1 minute Used to differentiate between the different tracking objects created in the session. The cookie is created when loading the javascript library and there is no previous version of the _gat cookie. The cookie is updated every time you submit the data to Google Analytics. _ga_* http 2 years This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assign a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors. _gcl_au https 3 months This cookie is used by Google Analytics to understand user interaction with the website. _ga https 2 years This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assign a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors. _gid https 1 day This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the website is doing. The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visted in an anonymous form. __hssc https 30 minutes HubSpot - This cookie keeps track of sessions. This is used to determine if HubSpot should increment the session number and timestamps in the __hstc cookie. It contains the domain, viewCount (increments each pageView in a session), and session start timestamp. __hstc https 13 months HubSpot - The main cookie for tracking visitors. It contains the domain, utk, initial timestamp (first visit), last timestamp (last visit), current timestamp (this visit), and session number (increments for each subsequent session). hubspotutk https 13 months HubSpot - This cookie keeps track of a visitor's identity. It is passed to HubSpot on form submission and used when deduplicating contacts. It contains an opaque GUID to represent the current visitor. __hssc https 30 minutes HubSpot - This cookie keeps track of sessions. This is used to determine if HubSpot should increment the session number and timestamps in the __hstc cookie. It contains the domain, viewCount (increments each pageView in a session), and session start timestamp. _BEAMER_BOOSTED_ANNOUNCEMENT_DATE_* https 275 days Hotjar - This cookie is set by Beamer. It is aimed at collecting information about the date of the last interaction of the user with specific elements of the web. _BEAMER_DATE_* https 300 days Hotjar - This cookie is set by Beamer stores Stores the latest date in which the feed was opened._BEAMER_FILTER_BY_URL_* https 20 minutes Hotjar - This cookie is set by Beamer stores whether to apply URL filtering on the feed. _BEAMER_LAST_POST_SHOWN_* https 275 days Hotjar - This cookie is set by Beamer. It is used to make a compilation of the last post viewed by the user within the web. _BEAMER_USER_ID_* https 300 days Hotjar - This cookie is set by Beamer to store an internal ID for a user. Advertisement cookies are used to deliver visitors with customized advertisements based on the pages they visited before and analyze the effectiveness of the ad campaign. UserMatchHistory https 1 month LinkedIn - Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. AnalyticsSyncHistory http 1 month LinkedIn - Used to store information about the time a sync with the lms_analytics cookie took place for users in the Designated Countries. test_cookie https 15 minutes This cookie is set by doubleclick.net. The purpose of the cookie is to determine if the user's browser supports cookies. bscookie https 2 years This cookie is a browser ID cookie set by Linked share Buttons and ad tags.Privacy statement Dataprovider 1. Privacy Statement Dataprovider B.V. has its registered office at Helperpark 278-10, 9723 ZA in Groningen, the Netherlands. We are registered with the Chamber of Commerce under number 37142377 and active on the website www.dataprovider.com (" Dataprovider " or " we "). We need your personal data for the proper performance of our business activities and for providing services to our customers. It is important that you know what we do with your data, and how we protect your data from misuse by others. You can read all about that in this privacy statement. This privacy statement is valid from November 15, 2018. Dataprovider, as the data controller, must comply with various regulations when processing your personal data. These regulations include: The EU General Data Protection RegulationThe Dutch Telecommunications Act 2. How do we collect your data? Dataprovider requests data, including personal data from other sources. Our crawler only collects and processes data that are made publicly available on millions of webpages in different countries.We programmed our crawler in such a way that it observes the robot exclusion protocol. When such a robots.txt file on a website requests our web crawler to ignore specified files or directories when crawling a site, our web crawler will comply with the request.We do not access data that is protected by a log-in, security code, other technical measures, or that is otherwise secured. We use third party sources to verify the data collected on the publicly available web, such as registration databases, trade registers and other publicly available websites.We use your publicly available data, so our customers could better tailor their services to you, and maybe offer you additional products. Our customers can create their own sets within our database of publicly available data. This dataset that is created by a customer, leads to a database which our customers can use to their advantage. This is what we call a record. Any decisions with legal consequences that are made by Dataprovider are never based solely on a record that is formed from data that have been processed automatically. The record is intended to help with decision-making, whereby the process always involves human beings. When you register for our trail period, we use the data you give us, such as your name and email address for lead generation, marketing automation and to approach you with relevant offers 3. Who is the data controller and who is the processor? Dataprovider is the data controller relating to processing of personal data in our database of your personal data and of our own customers personal data. Some of the personal data are processed by other companies. In those situations, we have concluded agreements regarding the processing of personal data by these companies.Dataprovider's customers are data controller relating to the processing of the personal data of their prospects, if they are the party that determines the purposes and means of the data processing. Dataprovider is the data processor when our customers ask us to process their data under their instructions. This privacy statement explains how Dataprovider handles your personal data in its position as a data controller. 4. What do we use your data for? We are an online service that crawls publicly available websites in many countries. We crawl the publicly available web and provide a platform to create data sets from the indexed and structured data that are useful for our customers. An example of a data set that can be created is: all websites in France that use WordPress and use Google Mail and changed their SSL certificate. We crawl the publicly available web for the following purposes: Indexing and structuring the web to create a database for our customers. This purpose relates to our product "Public Data". The data involved consist of business information, website content, technical aspects, proprietary scorings such as Economic Footprint, Trust, Security and Heartbeat all related to the website and hosting properties.Indexing domain names to provide our customers with extensive information on the domain names provided by our customer. This purpose relates to our product KYC-Crawl, formerly named: Private Crawl. The data involved consist of business information, such as contact data, so our customers are able to reach out to the companies behind the domain names. Determining domain ownership information to our customers. This purpose relates to our product "Ownership". The data involved consist of the following: Whois name, Whois phone number, Whois address, Whois zip code, Whois city, Whois email address, Whois organisation, Company name, Phone number, Address, Zip code, City, Email address, Tax number, IBAN number, Business Registry number, Social media profiles, IP address, Analytics ID, Domain, Forwarding domains, Redirect hostname, DNS MX domain and DNS NS domain.In order to do this, customers are, for example, able to protect their intellectual property. Indexing and structuring the publicly available web to identify online brand abuses and bad actors for these activities for our customers. This purpose relates to our product "Brand Monitor". The data involved consist of the current and historical data of websites.Suggesting the perfect domain name for our customers. This purpose relates to our product "Domain Suggestions". The data involved consist of relevant domain names based on the website's content.Vacancies: a structured database with indexed vacancies. Places: a structured database with business contact information that is publicly available on the web.IP 2 Company a structured database with IP addresses in combination with business information that is publicly available on the web. A data set will consist at least 200 variables. If you have made your business email address publicly available on the web, only two (2) of these variables will include your personal data: 1) your business email address (for example, chris@chrissmith.com) and 2) your name but only if your business name includes your name (www.chrissmith.com). When you register for our trail period, we use the data you give us, such as your name and email address for lead generation, marketing automation and to approach you with relevant offers. 5. What personal data do we process and why? We need your personal data for the proper performance of our business activities and for providing services to our customers. We crawl the publicly available web to provide our customers with a search engine where they can create data sets that are useful for them. These data sets will include personal data, but only under the circumstances as described above. For example, we provide data to Statistics Netherlands (CBS), a national administrative body, for a report on Measuring the internet economy in the Netherlands. Show CBS Report 6. Who has access to your data? Your personal data will be processed by our internal staff who are specifically trained and authorised to process it. We only transfer your personal data to other companies, if your data are part of the data sets created by our customers. Our customers are responsible for the lawful use and processing of personal data in any further use made of these personal data in the data sets. We may also transfer your personal data to the police and judicial and administrative authorities, in accordance with the law, for the detection and prosecution of crimes, the prevention and protection from threats to public security, to allow us to ascertain, exercise or defend a right in court, as well as for other reasons related to the protection of the rights and freedoms of others. 7. On what legal basis do we use your data? We process your personal data pursuant to the following legal bases: The EU General Data Protection Regulation allows us to process personal data under the so called "legitimate interest". This means that we may use your personal data because this is necessary for the proper performance of our business activities and for providing services to our customers. We process your personal data in a reasonable way, while your privacy rights as an individual are respected because we are transparent about the processing that we do in this Privacy Statement and in product descriptions on our web site, because we have technical and organisational security measures in place to protect your data, because the personal data that we process does not include sensitive data and, are business related. Also because we only obtain the data from publicly available sources. In addition, based on the subsidiarity principle that applies under the EU General Data Protection Regulation, there is no reasonable alternative way that is more privacy friendly. Also, you have the option to use robot.txt on your web site to indicate that you do not want your data to be indexed from the publicly available web. In that case, we cannot process your personal data. Dataprovider must comply with legal requirements based on the law. These may be related to taxes, sanction legislation, debt, attachments, the prevention of money laundering, financing of terrorism and fraud.In the event you have given us your consent for receiving newsletters. Providing your consent for these activities is optional. You are free to give your consent or not. But without your consent, it will not be possible to receive information about our services. 8. What are your rights? Rights with respect to the processing of personal data You have the right to view and change the personal data that we have collected from you. You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data. In certain cases, you can also ask us to limit the processing of your personal data, erase your data, transfer your data to another data controller or have it deleted.If you wish to do any of these, please send a request to our Privacy Officer: privacy.officer@dataprovider.com and indicate that it concerns a personal data request. Please enclose a copy of your identity document so that we can be sure that you are the person submitting the request. Make sure that you black out your passport photograph and citizen service number. This is to protect your privacy. Also provide your private address. You will receive an overview of your data or a response to your request within one month of your request. Do Not Sell My Personal Information - California If you are a California resident, you have the right to tell us to not sell your personal information. If you wish to do this, please send a request to our Privacy Officer: privacy.officer@dataprovider.com and indicate that it concerns a Do Not Sell My Personal Information – California request. Requests must be made by or on behalf of a current resident of California. Please state the following and we will make sure we do not sell your personal information: your first and last nameyour address in California, including the ZIP code and the cityyour email Consent If you have given your consent for us to process your personal data, you can withdraw this consent at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of each email or by sending a letter to our Privacy Officer at the address below under contact details. Right to make a complaint You can make a complaint about the processing of your personal data. If Dataprovider does not meet your request for access, correction, objection, restriction, deletion or transfer of your personal data, you can submit a complaint with the Data Protection Authority in your country. If you are not happy with how the complaint is resolved, you can lodge an appeal with the courts. 9. Security of your personal data Dataprovider takes the protection of your data very seriously. We take measures to prevent misuse, loss, unauthorised access, unwanted disclosure and unauthorised changes to your data. The measures we take meet the general data security requirements. We have made agreements about this with the processors and regularly evaluate the measures taken and, if necessary, we will adjust them. 10. What are your risks? We do not have control over your personal data after we have provided our customers with data sets, which may include your personal data. This could imply that these customers may send you unsolicited, usually commercial, messages. If you are not interested in these messages, you can always file a complaint about the processing of your personal data with the company that send you the unsolicited emails or offer. If they do not meet your request for access, correction, objection, restriction, deletion or transfer of your personal data, you can file a complaint with the Data Protection Authority in your country. 11. Data Retention For many types of data, the minimum retention periods are the statutory time periods. If there is no statutory period, Dataprovider stores the data insofar as necessary to provide its services. 12. Processing outside the European Economic Area For technical and operational reasons, it may be necessary to transfer your personal data to countries outside the European Economic Area. We will ensure proper data protection. We use European model contracts (Standard Contractual Clauses) for processing outside the European Economic Area. 13. Questions and contact If you have any questions about the way we handle your personal data, please contact the Privacy Officer of Dataprovider. Send your email to privacy.officer@dataprovider.com or send a letter to: Privacy Officer DataproviderHelperpark 278-109723 ZA GroningenThe Netherlands 14. We use cookies on our websites Cookies are small text files that are automatically placed on your computer, tablet or mobile phone when you visit our website. There are several different types of cookies. We always place necessary cookies. These ensure the proper functioning of our website. For any other cookies (such as tracking cookies), we will inform you first on how to disable these. If you continue to surf our website, these cookies will be placed. The data we collect via these cookies are used to send you offers and show you suitable adverts. You can read more about this in our cookie policy , which you can find later in this document. 15. External links This website may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or the content of these other websites. You can read these in the privacy statements on these websites. 16. Updates to our privacy statement Dataprovider has the right to change this privacy. This may happen, for example, in the case of new developments, business activities, online services, or if there are changes in the law or case law. We therefore advise you to check this privacy statement on a regular basis.This privacy statement was last amended on November 15, 2018. Cookie Policy When you visit our website, we collect data to ensure that the connection runs smoothly. If you request a web page, the web server needs to know where to send the page and that is when we use your IP address. Your IP address is a number sequence that your internet provider assigns to your computer automatically every time you log on to the internet. It is used to identify your computer. Dataprovider.com may store personal data when you visit our website, such as the IP address. We will treat this information confidentially in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation. We only use this information to reply to your questions and to analyze visitor behavior on the website for strategic purposes. 1. What is a cookie? Our website uses cookies. Cookies are small files which are saved to your computer's hard drive. They hold a small amount of data that is specific to a website and to you as a user. Because the cookies can be accessed by the web server, the server can deliver a page tailored to each visitor. This makes websites as user-friendly and interesting as possible for every unique visitor. Cookies are a convenient way to carry information from one session on a website to another, without having to burden a server machine with massive amounts of data storage. For example, the first time a user visits a site they may choose a username which is stored in the cookie. When the user provides data, such as password, preferred font size, page layout, etc. - this information is stored in the database using the username as a key. When the site is revisited, the server will read the cookie to find the username, and then retrieve all the user's information from the database without it having to be re-entered. Cookies do not in themselves present a threat to privacy since they can only be used to store information that the user has volunteered or that the web server already has. No personal contact information, such as a telephone number or an e-mail address, can be derived from cookies. Cookies can not be used for marketing campaigns. 2. Session cookies Webpages have no memories. When a user is surfing between pages, the website would treat them as a completely new visitor each time. By using session cookies our website can keep track of your movement on our website so you don't get asked for information you have already provided to the web server. This also allows us to adjust our services to the search behavior and preferences of our visitors. 3. Google Analytics and Adwords The American company Google LLC places cookies with the users of our website as part of the 'Adwords' and 'Analytics' service. We use the Adwords service to track click behaviour. We use the Analytics service to evaluate the quality and effectiveness of our service, as well as tailor our website to the search and navigation preferences of our users. Google LLC may supply this data to a third party if it is legally required to do so or if another party processes that data on their behalf. This is something we do not control. The use of Google Analytics is regulated by and accepted under the General Data Protection Regulation. 4. Hotjar We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users' needs with the purpose to optimize our website and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users' experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don't like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users' behaviour and their devices. This includes a device's IP address (processed during your session and stored in a de-identified form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), operating system, browser type, geographic location (country only), the preferred language used to display our website, mouse events (movements, locations, clicks), keypresses, referring URL and domains, pages visited, date and time when our pages were visited. Hotjar stores this information on our behalf in a pseudonymized user profile. Hotjar is contractually forbidden to sell any of the data collected on our behalf. For further details, please see the 'about Hotjar' section of Hotjar's support site. 5. LinkedIn Insights The LinkedIn Insight Tag is a piece of lightweight JavaScript code that we added to our website to enable campaign reporting and unlock insights about our website visitors, such as sector, education and city, to track conversions and retarget website visitors who landed via LinkedIn. 6. HubSpot tracking code The HubSpot tracking code is unique to each HubSpot account and allows HubSpot to monitor your website traffic. The tracking code is automatically included on HubSpot blog posts, landing pages, and website pages. 7.Turning cookies on and off Cookies cannot damage your computer or the files saved on it. No personal contact information can be derived from cookies. However, if you feel uncomfortable with the use of cookies, you can manage and control them through your browser. If you use cookies, do not forget to log out of Dataprovider.com if you access the website on a public computer. In addition, keep your password secret to avoid others using your Dataprovider.com account without your consent. If you visit the Dataprovider.com website, cookies are placed on your computer. Dataprovider uses two types of cookies: Necessary cookies Dataprovider.com uses these cookies in order to offer the website's basic functionality so these cookies cannot be disabled. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Name Domain Purpose Expires in Name Domain Purpose Expires in Name Domain Purpose Duration Analytical cookies Dataprovider.com uses analytical cookies to generate user statistics to measure and improve its information and services. Dataprovider.com uses the following two analytical cookies: Google Analytics Google Inc. (`Google`) places cookies on this website, as part of its `Analytics` service. We use this service to record the visitors on our website and to obtain reports on how visitors use our website. Google may supply these data to a third party if it is legally required to do so or if another party processes these data on Google`s behalf. Dataprovider.com uses the following cookies: _ga and _gid. Name _ga Domain Purpose Expires in Name Domain Purpose Duration Name Domain Purpose Duration DpTracker Dataprovider.com uses dpTracker to translate your IP address into a company name. This information provides Dataprovider.com with a better understanding of which companies are using the Dataprovider.com website. Dataprovider.com uses the following cookies: dpTracker[visitor] and dpTracker[visits]. Name Domain Purpose Duration Name Domain Purpose Duration 8. Would you like more information about cookies? You can find more information about cookies on the European Data Protection Supervisor website . You can remove cookies by deleting them from your "browser history" (cache) when you leave our website. Delete cookies in Microsoft Edge or Internet Explorer Go to the "Tools" menu > "Internet Options" > "General" tab. Under Browse history, click Delete. You may not want to delete everything. Make sure that "Cookies" is checked and click on "Delete". Delete cookies in Firefox Go to "Tools" > "Options" > "Privacy" tab. Click "Clear your recent history". Under "Details", you can indicate what you want to delete. Make sure that "Cookies" is checked. You can also indicate how old the cookies should be. Make sure you select "All" and click on "Delete". Delete cookies in Chrome Click on the icon with 3 lines in the top right of your Chrome screen. Click "Tools" >"Clear browsing data". Make sure that "Delete cookies and other site and plug-in data" is checked. You can also indicate how old cookies should be. Make sure you select "All" and click on "Delete". 9. Updates to the cookie policy The constant development of our services may lead to changes in how we use cookies. Consequently, Dataprovider.com has the right to change this cookie policy. This may happen, for example, in the case of new developments, business activities, online services, or if there are changes in the law or case law. Therefore, we advise you to check this cookie policy on a regular basis. This policy was last amended on February 15, 2021. Sign up to our newsletter First name Last name Email Why usSupportCompany © All rights reserved 2023 - Dataprovider.com This website uses cookies that help the website to function and also to track how you interact with our website. But for us to provide the best user experience, enable the specific cookies from Settings, and click on Accept. By accepting you'll agree with our Privacy Policy This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they as essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website, to store user preferences and provide them with content and advertisements that are relevant to you. These cookies will only be stored on your browser with your consent to do so. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. You can find a more extensive version of our policy in the Dataprovider.com Cookie Policy . Necessary cookies are crucial for the basic functions of the website and the website will not work in its intended way without them. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable data.cky-active-check https 1 day The cookie is set by CookieYes to check if the consent banner is active on the website. cookieyesID https 1 year Unique identifier for visitors used by CookieYes with respect to the consent cky-consent https 1 year The cookie is set by CookieYes to remember the user's consent to the use of cookies on the website. cookieyes-necessary https 1 year This cookie is set by CookieYes and is used to remember the consent of the users for the use of cookies in the 'Necessary' category. cookieyes-functional https 1 year This cookie is set by CookieYes and is used to remember the consent of the users for the use of cookies in the 'Functional' category. cookieyes-analytics https 1 year This cookie is set by CookieYes and is used to remember the consent of the users for the use of cookies in the 'Analytics' category. cookieyes-performance https 1 year This cookie is set by CookieYes and is used to remember the consent of the users for the use of cookies in the 'Performance' category. cookieyes-advertisement https 1 year This cookie is set by CookieYes and is used to remember the consent of the users for the use of cookies in the 'Advertisement' category. cookieyes-other https 1 year This cookie is set by CookieYes and is used to remember the consent of the users for the use of cookies categorized as 'Other'. __cfduid https 1 month This cookie is set by CookieYes. The cookie is used by cdn services like CloudFare to identify individual clients behind a shared IP address and apply security settings on a per-client basis. It does not correspond to any user ID in the web application and does not store any personally identifiable information. PHPSESSID https Session Dataprovider.com - Preserves user session state across page requests. REMEMBERME https 1 year Dataprovider.com - Is used to help the user login without inserting their credentials everytime. Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. lang https session LinkedIn - This cookie is used to store the language preferences of a user to serve up content in that stored language the next time user visit the website. bcookie https 2 years This cookie is set by linkedIn. The purpose of the cookie is to enable LinkedIn functionalities on the page. lidc https 1 day This cookie is set by LinkedIn and used for routing. Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. _gat_* http 1 minute Used to differentiate between the different tracking objects created in the session. The cookie is created when loading the javascript library and there is no previous version of the _gat cookie. The cookie is updated every time you submit the data to Google Analytics. _ga_* http 2 years This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assign a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors. _gcl_au https 3 months This cookie is used by Google Analytics to understand user interaction with the website. _ga https 2 years This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to calculate visitor, session, campaign data and keep track of site usage for the site's analytics report. The cookies store information anonymously and assign a randomly generated number to identify unique visitors. _gid https 1 day This cookie is installed by Google Analytics. The cookie is used to store information of how visitors use a website and helps in creating an analytics report of how the website is doing. The data collected including the number visitors, the source where they have come from, and the pages visted in an anonymous form. __hssc https 30 minutes HubSpot - This cookie keeps track of sessions. This is used to determine if HubSpot should increment the session number and timestamps in the __hstc cookie. It contains the domain, viewCount (increments each pageView in a session), and session start timestamp. __hstc https 13 months HubSpot - The main cookie for tracking visitors. It contains the domain, utk, initial timestamp (first visit), last timestamp (last visit), current timestamp (this visit), and session number (increments for each subsequent session). hubspotutk https 13 months HubSpot - This cookie keeps track of a visitor's identity. It is passed to HubSpot on form submission and used when deduplicating contacts. It contains an opaque GUID to represent the current visitor. __hssc https 30 minutes HubSpot - This cookie keeps track of sessions.This is used to determine if HubSpot should increment the session number and timestamps in the __hstc cookie. It contains the domain, viewCount (increments each pageView in a session), and session start timestamp. _BEAMER_BOOSTED_ANNOUNCEMENT_DATE_* https 275 days Hotjar - This cookie is set by Beamer. It is aimed at collecting information about the date of the last interaction of the user with specific elements of the web. _BEAMER_DATE_* https 300 days Hotjar - This cookie is set by Beamer stores Stores the latest date in which the feed was opened. _BEAMER_FILTER_BY_URL_* https 20 minutes Hotjar - This cookie is set by Beamer stores whether to apply URL filtering on the feed. _BEAMER_LAST_POST_SHOWN_* https 275 days Hotjar - This cookie is set by Beamer. It is used to make a compilation of the last post viewed by the user within the web. _BEAMER_USER_ID_* https 300 days Hotjar - This cookie is set by Beamer to store an internal ID for a user. Advertisement cookies are used to deliver visitors with customized advertisements based on the pages they visited before and analyze the effectiveness of the ad campaign. UserMatchHistory https 1 month LinkedIn - Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. AnalyticsSyncHistory http 1 month LinkedIn - Used to store information about the time a sync with the lms_analytics cookie took place for users in the Designated Countries. test_cookie https 15 minutes This cookie is set by doubleclick.net. The purpose of the cookie is to determine if the user's browser supports cookies. bscookie https 2 years This cookie is a browser ID cookie set by Linked share Buttons and ad tags.