Website Privacy Policy Verve Group, Inc. (“Verve”) is committed to protecting consumer privacy and to clearly informing users about the collection and use of information. The following describes information collection practices at this web site only. For information about Verve’s advertising and data services please contact us. Personal Information When we use the phrase “Personal Information” we mean contact information (e.g., name, address, email, or telephone number) as well as any other information that can be linked with you or your household. Verve does not share your Personal Information except as provided in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose certain Personal Information: To third-party contractors who help us provide the Services, in which case we will take reasonable steps to ensure that these parties comply with confidentiality obligations and contractually require these parties to only use the information as needed to provide services to us;To third parties that you ask or to whom you have authorized us to send Personal Information;To any subsidiary organizations, joint ventures, or other organizations under our control or under common control with us (collectively, “Affiliates”), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy; If we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) resolve disputes or investigate problems (b) comply with relevant laws or to respond to lawful requests from law enforcement or other public authorities; or (c) protect and defend our rights or property or the rights and property of you or third parties; orIn connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution, transaction, or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, Personal Information may also be transferred as a business asset. If another company acquires our company, business, or assets, that company will possess the Personal Information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy. How Personal Information is Used Information collected at this site is used to provide information and services for our business partners or prospective partners interested in utilizing our advertising or data services. How Personal Information is Used in the Recruitment Process a) Recruitee For the recruitment process, Verve is using the services of Recruitee B.V., Johan Huizingalaan 763, (1066 VH) Amsterdam, the Netherlands (“Recruitee”). Recruitee is a web service implemented on the Verve website. Applicant data is stored by Recruitee on our behalf. The data is transferred in encrypted form and stored in data centers in Europe. We have concluded a data processing agreement with Recruitee pursuant to Art. 28 GDPR, which ensures that Recruitee processes the data exclusively in accordance with our instructions and guarantees the upholding of European data protection principles. We kindly ask for your understanding that due to data privacy reasons we can’t process applications received outside of Recruitee. Further information about data protection at Recruitee can be found in Recruitee’s privacy policy . In order to receive and process your application, we collect the following applicant data: first and last name, email address, telephone number, citizenship and application documents (such as a resume). You may also provide us with additional information that you may want us to consider when you apply (e.g. your salary expectations, availability or additional documents). We will check your application and contact you if necessary, in particular, to make appointments or to clarify any questions. If you apply for a position at Verve, in principle we will not pass on your applicant data to third parties. For our European Companies and/or for European applicants the legal basis for the processing of your applicant data is Art. 6 (1) (b) and Art. 88 (1) GDPR in conjunction with Section 26 (1) of the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG). We store your applicant data upon receipt of your application. If we accept your application and subsequently employ you, we will store your applicant data for as long as the data is necessary for your employment and as far as we are legally required to retain it. If we reject your application, we will store your applicant data for a maximum of six months after rejection of your application, unless you give us your consent to longer storage (Verve talent pool). The data will be deleted automatically after this period. This also applies to applicant data stored by one of the ventures in our portfolio as part of the application process.b) Verve talent pool If you consent to become part of our talent pool, we will store the data you submitted for your application in our Verve talent pool for a further 24 months. This will allow us to identify any further jobs at Verve Group, which may be of interest to you and, if necessary, to contact you again using the stored contact details. You can withdraw your consent at any time with future effect by emailing us at hr@verve.com. Newsletter and Marketing Updates If you subscribe to our newsletter, we inform you about all offers, services and other activities by us or the other companies in the Verve Group and about all other offers, services and other activities by third parties in connection with the offers, services and other activities of one or more companies in the Verve Group (so-called Verve Group Newsletter). You can unsubscribe from this newsletter free of charge at any time using the link contained in the newsletter (“Unsubscribe Button”). For sending the newsletter we use the marketing tool of a service provider. Your e-mail address, which receives our newsletter, and other personal data are stored on the service provider’s servers. This information is used to send and evaluate the newsletter. For this purpose, so-called tracking pixels are used, i.e. in our newsletter there is a non-visible image file which transmits technical information to the service provider when the newsletter is opened (e.g. whether the newsletter has been opened). Your data will not be used by the service provider independently to send the newsletter. How Personal Information is Controlled or Corrected In the event you provide us with Personal Information, you can review, correct, or request its deletion, by emailing us at privacy@verve.com. If you are a California Resident, please email us at: privacy@verve.com for instructions for how you can exercise your California access, deletion and Do Not Sell rights. Additional Information for California Residents If you are a California Resident, please email us at: ccpa@verve.com for instructions for how you can exercise your California access, deletion and Opt-Out rights. For additional information, please click here . Cookies and Tracking This site uses cookies, tracking pixels, and other device identifiers to track usage of this site and to help deliver the site’s content. Security Verve takes reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, taking into due account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal data. Contact Us If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy practices, you may contact us at: privacy@verve.com . Verve Group, Inc. 350 Fifth Avenue Suite 7700 New York, NY 10118 Solutions Products Company Learn Dev Docs Legal To give you the best possible experience on our website, we use cookies. Mandatory cookies are needed for the functionality of the site; other cookies are used for performance and marketing purposes. Among the providers that set other cookies on our site is Google Ireland Ltd. ("Google"). Google is based in the USA and processes the personal data collected there. By clicking on "Allow all cookies (including from US providers)", you also expressly consent to the processing of your data in the USA in accordance with Art. 49 Para. 1 S.1 lit. a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Under the item "Cookie Settings" you can, among other things, specifically set whether you allow the transfer of data to companies in the USA. For more information about cookies and the processing of personal data, please see our Privacy Policy Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Marketing Cookies Marketing Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners.They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Mandatory Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelEU Applicant Privacy Policy We are committed to being transparent about the personal data we collect and process relating to job applicants. Effective Date: June 2, 2023 1. General This EU Applicant Privacy Policy describes how we process personal data when you apply for a position within the Verve Group. Depending on which of the Verve Group companies you are applying to, the company you are applying to is referred to as “us”, “we” or “our” in this Policy.” You can see all Verve Group companies and the contact details for data subject access requests below: Verve Group Europe GmbHKarl-Liebknecht-Str. 32, 10178 Berlin, Germany privacy@verve.com Verve Group, Inc. 350 Fifth Ave. Ste. 7700, New York, NY 10118 USA privacy@verve.com VGI CTV, Inc.350 Fifth Ave. Ste. 7700, New York, NY 10118 USA privacy@verve.com Dataseat Ltd.Flat 2, 33 Hyde Park Square, London, United Kingdom, W2 2NW privacy@dataseat.com Match2One ABStureplan 6, 11435 Stockholm, Sweden data.privacy@match2one.com Platform 161 B.V.Weteringschans 89, 1017 RZ Amsterdam, The Netherlands privacy@platform161.com Smaato Inc.350 Fifth Ave. Ste. 7700, New York, NY 10118 USandBarcastraße 5, 1st Floor, 22087 Hamburg, Germany privacy@smaato.com We are pleased that you are interested in us and are applying or have applied for a job with us. In this Applicant Privacy Policy, we would like to provide you with information on the processing of your personal data in connection with your application. As part of the application process, it is regularly necessary to forward your personal data within the Verve Group to the relevant business department or affiliated group company. The legal basis of such data processing is Art. 88 para. 1 of the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) in connection with § 26 para. 1 German FDPA, i.e., you provide us with personal data for the purpose of deciding whether to establish an employment relationship. Whenever we collect, process, and retain your personal data, the Verve Group company or affiliate to which you are applying for a job, or which will be your contract partner, will act as a data controller. You, as an applicant, are responsible for ensuring that the data you submit to us is correct and true. You are under no statutory or contractual obligation to provide personal data to Verve Group during the recruitment process. However, if you do not provide the information, we may not be able to process your application properly or at all. Your personal data will be treated as strictly confidential. This Applicant Privacy Policy may be subject to modification from time to time, notably in the event of changes to legislation or the introduction of new laws. Any changes will be published on our website. We therefore recommend that you check the Applicant Privacy Policy regularly. This Applicant Privacy Policy applies in addition to the general Privacy Policy and Cookie Policy for each Company website: Verve Group Europe, GmbH; Verve Group, Inc.; VGI CTV, Inc. & Platform161, B.V.: DataSeat Ltd.: Match2One AB: Smaato, Inc.: 2. How Verve Group Collects, Uses, and Retains Your Data We may collect personal data from you through your online application via the Career Portal (as defined below), email, a third party such as a recruitment agency, or someone who recommended you. Applications are processed in collaboration between the Verve Group human resources department (hereinafter “HR Department”), the management, and the relevant business department of the Verve Group company which advertises the position. The responsible person of the business department concerned, the responsible manager, and the responsible person of the HR Department may belong to different legal entities within Verve Group. Therefore, it is possible that your personal data is exchanged between different legal entities within the Verve Group. Our application process includes the following processing steps: identification of suitable external and internal applicants for the respective or other suitable vacanciesaptitude testing of applicants based on application documents, telephone interviews, video interviews, assessment center, and personal interviewsif we decide to hire you, we process your data for the purpose of contract negotiations and contract preparationevaluation of our recruiting process. In some cases, we need to process your personal data to ensure that we are complying with our legal obligations. For example, it is mandatory to check a successful applicant’s eligibility to work in Germany before employment starts. All personal data you submit to us in the framework of your application is collected, processed, and retained by Verve Group for processing your job application.This includes evaluating your qualifications and skills, verifying the information you have provided, carrying out reference checks, communicating with you, managing the recruitment process, and deciding on the establishment of an employment relationship for which you have applied. If you give your consent or we deem this is in your interest, we may send you further job offers or invitations to surveys, e.g., an option for you to provide us with your opinion concerning the application process via a form. As a rule, no personal data will be gathered from you or processed in this form. Should you wish to remain anonymous, please ensure that you do not disclose any information in the free text field in the opinion survey that allows you to be personally identified. Verve Group offers the possibility to join a talent pool (“Talent Pool”). When your application is uploaded through our online upload function without being linked to a specific job offer, or relates to a specific offer but you have provided your consent for further processing, then Verve Group may process your personal data as follows: If the HR Department considers your application as a possible match for a (different) job offer within the Verve Group, your application will be forwarded internally to the relevant Verve Group entity and business departments.Applicants for whom the HR Department does not immediately find a suitable job offer will be included in the Talent Pool to be considered for future vacancies.You can review and update your data and revoke your consent at any time by logging in to your profile in the Career Portal. After completion of the application procedure whereas no employment contract was concluded your application documents will be stored for a maximum of twelve months, so that we can contact you again if necessary or respond to enquiries. After that period, your data will be anonymized. If you have registered in our Career Portal (Recruitee), your data will be stored there until you delete your profile. Should the data be necessary for legal prosecution after completion of the application procedure, data processing may be carried out based on the requirements of Art. 6 GDPR, in particular to safeguard Verve Group’s legitimate interests pursuant to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. Our interest then lies in the exercise or defense of legal claims. When hired, your personal data will be transferred from the Career Portal to the HR administration system. Processing and storage of your personal data will then be governed by Verve Group’s internal data processing policies of which you will be informed when onboarding to your new job. If you have incurred travel expenses for a personal interview, we will reimburse them. You will receive a form from us for this purpose. Your data will be processed exclusively for this purpose. We store the information required for reimbursement of costs in accordance with commercial and tax law for the periods specified by law. For this period (usually ten years), the data will be reprocessed for the purpose of a review by the tax authorities, for economic and tax audit purposes, and to clarify possible criminal offenses. 3. To Whom Verve Group May Transfer Your Data If you have applied for a specific job offer, your application documents will only be considered for the filling of this position. Only those persons entrusted with filling vacancies will have access to your application data. In addition, only the IT administrators have access to the data in order to maintain the system and guarantee data security. Your data will not be passed on to third parties outside the Verve Group without your consent. If you apply for a specific job offer at a Verve Group affiliated company, it may be necessary for us to forward your applicant data to the respective affiliated company when processing your application. In this case, we will act as a joint controller with the respective affiliated company and will process your application data exclusively in accordance with this data protection notice and the legal requirements for joint controllership. For the processing of your application, we use a third-party service provided by Recruitee B.V., Keizersgracht 313, 1016 EE Amsterdam, Netherlands (hereinafter “Recruitee”), to whom your data will consequently be transferred. If you use the Recruitee platform (the “Career Portal”) to manage or submit your application, the data privacy policy of Recruitee shall also apply. Recruitee will use personal data of applicants solely for processing the applications on behalf of Verve Group. You can also apply in the Career Portal by connecting to third-party accounts (e.g., LinkedIn, Indeed, Recruitee). BY CONNECTING YOUR RECRUITEE ACCOUNT TO YOUR THIRD-PARTY ACCOUNT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE CONTINUOUS RELEASE OF INFORMATION ABOUT YOU TO OTHERS (IN ACCORDANCE WITH YOUR PRIVACY SETTINGS ON THOSE THIRD-PARTY SITES).IF YOU DO NOT WANT DATA ABOUT YOU, INCLUDING PERSONALLY IDENTIFYING INFORMATION, TO BE SHARED IN THIS MANNER, DO NOT USE THIS FEATURE. You may disconnect your account from a third-party account at any time. Users may disconnect their accounts from third-party websites by visiting their “Account Settings” page. We may share your data with our service providers, such as Recruitee, within the framework of processing by a data processor. Our service providers were carefully selected by us and are obliged, in accordance with the statutory provisions of Art. 28 EU GDPR, to handle your data in a data protection compliant and trustworthy manner and to comply with our own data protection standards. Our partners are not permitted to use the data themselves for their own purposes. If a transfer of personal data to a third country outside the European Economic Area becomes necessary, e.g. to other Verve Group companies or cooperation partners in third countries, we will ensure that there is a legal basis for this. These are usually a consent in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a) GDPR;the existence of an adequacy decision of the European Commission (Art. 45 GDPR); a published and constantly updated list of these countries can be found here;use of appropriate safeguards guarantees in the form of standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. c) GDPR); a published and constantly updated list of the clauses is available here ; an approved certification mechanism (Art. 46 para. 2 lit. f) GDPR). As a business under the jurisdiction of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, Smaato has certified with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from EU member countries and Switzerland. Smaato certifies that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Privacy Shield, and to view the list of entities who have current certifications under the Privacy Shield, please visit this page. In addition, we may also be required to share your personal data with authorities or other competent bodies as a result of a legal obligation to which we are subject. 4. Application for Further Positions Occasionally we also have an interest in and need for competent applicants in other areas and would be happy to consider your application for other vacancies. We will only do this if you expressly consent to such processing when submitting your application (for example, by ticking the appropriate box). In this case, you agree that other recruiters from Verve Group and/or its affiliated companies may also view your applicant data, including any sensitive data contained therein, and take it into account when filling vacancies. Should you appear to be suitable for the vacancy, we would approach you to inquire whether you would be interested in participating in the selection process for the position to be filled. You can revoke your consent at any time in the Career Portal. 5. How to Access and Control Your Data You have certain choices available to you when it comes to your personal data. Below is a summary of your rights, how to exercise them, and any limitations. In addition to the right to withdraw your consent given to us, you are entitled to the following further rights if the respective legal requirements are met: the right to information about your personal data stored by us (Art. 15 GDPR); in particular, you can request information about the processing purposes, the category of personal data, the categories of recipients to whom your data has been or will be disclosed, the planned storage period, and the origin of your data (unless it has been collected directly from you);the right to rectify inaccurate personal data or to complete personal data that is correct (Art. 16 GDPR);the right to delete your personal data stored by us (Art. 17 GDPR), insofar as no legal or contractual retention periods or other legal obligations or rights for further storage must be observed by us; the right to restrict the processing of your personal data (Art. 18 GDPR) if: the accuracy of the data is disputed by you; if the processing is unlawful but you refuse to accept the deletion of the data; Verve Group no longer needs the data, but you need them to assert, exercise, or defend legal claims or you have filed an objection against the processing pursuant to Art. 21 GDPR;the right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR), i.e., the right to have selected personal data about you stored by us transferred in a common, machine-readable format, or to request the transfer to another controller; the right to object against data processing under the conditions of Art. 21 para.1 GDPR, where data processing may be objected to for reasons arising from the particular situation of the data subject; this applies to all processing purposes described in this Applicant Privacy Policy that are administered on the basis of Article 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR – the GDPR requires us to abide by such a general objection only if you give us reasons of overriding importance (e.g., a possible danger to life or health); the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority in accordance with Art. 77 GDPR. As a rule, you can contact the supervisory authority at your usual place of residence or workplace or any Verve Group entity lead supervisory authority . You can assert the aforementioned rights to which you are entitled by sending an email to the privacy addresses listed in Section 1. You can assert the right to data portability in your Career Portal (Recruitee) account. You can also request information about your personal data stored by us by sending an email to the privacy addresses listed in Section 1. Right to withdraw consent Insofar as we process data on the basis of a consent given by you, you have the right to revoke the consent given at any time. The revocation of your consent does not mean that the data processing carried out based on your consent up to the time of revocation becomes invalid. 6. How Verve Group Protects Your Data We offer you an SSL (secure socket layer) security procedure together with a 256-bit encryption on our Career Portal and Verve Group websites. You can recognize the transfer of encrypted data by the picture of a closed key or lock symbol at the top or bottom of your browser. We apply the highest level of care and appropriate security standards in order to protect your personal data against unauthorized access or loss. We would like to point out that data transfer via the internet (for example, in the case of unencrypted communication by email) can pose security risks. It is not possible to fully protect the data against third-party access. 7. Contact Details and Responsible Entity for Your Data You have the possibility to contact us in several ways. By email, telephone, or mail. If you contact us, we will use the personal data that you voluntarily provide to us for the sole purpose of contacting you and processing your enquiry. In order to answer your request, it may be necessary to forward it together with your personal data to one of our affiliated companies. The legal basis for this data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b), Art. 6 para. 1 lit. c) GDPR and Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f) GDPR. If you have any questions or complaints about our privacy practices, we encourage you to contact us at any one of the email addresses listed in Section 1, and we will work with you to resolve your issue. You may also contact your responsible European Data Protection Authority or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, respectively, with questions or complaints about our privacy practices. Under certain circumstances, the Privacy Shield provides for the election of binding arbitration for complaints not resolved through other means, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website . You have the right to file a complaint with the competent data protection supervisory authority. Below are the supervisory authorities primarily responsible for each entity: Verve Group Europe GmbH:Berliner Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit, https://www.datenschutz-berlin.de Dataseat Ltd.:Information Commissioner’s Office https://ico.org.uk/ Match2One AB:Integritetsskyddsmyndigheten http://www.imy.se/ Platform 161 B.V.:Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/ Smaato, Inc. The Hamburg Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information / Der Hamburgische Beauftragte für Datenschutz und Informationsfreiheit https://datenschutz-hamburg.de/ Verve Group, Inc., & VGI CTV, Inc.: You have the right to file a complaint with any competent data protection supervisory authority. Alternatively, you can also contact any other supervisory authority that is competent in your place of residence. An overview of the data protection supervisory authorities competent in your place of residence can be found here: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en. 8. Contact details of the Data Protection Officer Fieldfisher Tech Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbHAm Sandtorkai 6820457 Hamburg Solutions Products Company Learn Dev Docs Legal To give you the best possible experience on our website, we use cookies.Mandatory cookies are needed for the functionality of the site; other cookies are used for performance and marketing purposes. Among the providers that set other cookies on our site is Google Ireland Ltd. ("Google"). Google is based in the USA and processes the personal data collected there. By clicking on "Allow all cookies (including from US providers)", you also expressly consent to the processing of your data in the USA in accordance with Art. 49 Para. 1 S.1 lit. a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Under the item "Cookie Settings" you can, among other things, specifically set whether you allow the transfer of data to companies in the USA. For more information about cookies and the processing of personal data, please see our Privacy Policy Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Marketing Cookies Marketing Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Mandatory Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelProduct Privacy Policies Advertising and Data Services Privacy Policy Verve Group, Inc. and VGI CTV, Inc. (together “Verve”) are committed to protecting consumer privacy and to clearly informing users about the collection and use of information. This Advertising and Data Services Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how Verve processes personal information when providing advertising, measurement, and related services to our clients (“Services”). This Policy also describes your choices over such processing. This Policy does not describe how we process personal information relating to our website. For information on how we process personal information relating to our website please read our Website Privacy Policy . “Personal Information” is information that identifies you or your household or can be reasonably linked directly or indirectly with you or your household. This Policy does not apply to anonymous, de-identified, or aggregate personal information as defined under applicable law. Collecting Personal Information We collect Personal Information when you knowingly and voluntarily provide it to us, such as when you provide us feedback or request information from us. This Personal Information will only be processed in connection with your feedback or request. Verve may identify your device and collect Personal Information using an operating system supplied ID such as Apple’s Advertising Identifier, Google’s Advertising Identifier, or a randomly assigned unique identifier (“Device Identifier”). The advertisements delivered by Verve may include forms or other prompts that allow you to opt-in to share data. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from any child under 13 years of age. If we are informed or become aware that our Services are being used on a site or app directed at children, we will restrict the use of ad serving information to uses permitted under the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998. a) Location Data In order to make advertising messages as relevant as possible, precise location data associated with Device Identifiers may be used for targeting ads and as input into location targeting segments based on the characteristics of locations. Location data is also used to count impressions, clicks, and other metrics to model household locations for the purposes of demonstrating marketing impact of advertiser campaigns. Location data that you provide to an app or web site may be provided to Verve for ad serving or reporting purposes. In addition, supplemental information may also be used such as a device’s speed of movement and positioning, proximity of nearby devices, or similar information available from an operating system. You can opt-out of the use of precise data for location-based tracking by using the settings available on your mobile device. Ads will continue to be selected for you based on more general information, such as location that can be inferred from Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or other data. b) Cookies We collect information automatically when you use our Services through mobile websites or HTML by using log files and alpha-numeric identifiers known as “cookies” that are usually stored with the device’s web browser. This includes your IP address, browser type, browser language, device type and version, the date and time of your request, amount of data transferred, the source of your request (page referrer), and the nature of the content delivered to you. We generally use cookies to help with customer tracking. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and/or persistent cookies (which stay on your device until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience. Persistent cookies can be removed or blocked by following the directions in your internet browser. We also use log files and cookies to improve the quality of Services and pages you have visited. In addition to the Device Identifiers described above, Verve will collect information about the type of app you are using and details such as IP address, device type, carrier, and operating system. Verve utilizes this information to uniquely identify mobile devices to deliver targeted marketing messages to consumers. We believe that the presentation of relevant marketing messages assists in providing a more meaningful mobile web experience. For example, this technology enables Verve to limit the number of times a specific message is presented to a consumer (frequency capping), to support product category preferential marketing and to deliver advertising based on your location. c) Web Beacons We may permit publishers and advertisers to use a software technology called pixels (a.k.a., web beacons), which are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, used to report non-personal individual or aggregate information and help us better manage content on our Services.In addition, we may use pixels in our advertisements to let us know which ads have been viewed or to help tailor advertising. d) Information from Third Parties Our business partners may also collect the Personal Information from you using a variety of technologies, including cookies, software development kits, and other digital trackers deployed on websites, mobile applications, or other digital services. They may share this information about your devices with us. We may add this to the information we obtain from your use of Services. You may be able to modify or disable the collection or sharing of Personal Information in your device settings. Using Personal Information — Your Choices Verve uses Personal Information to provide Services to our business partners. They are used to help tailor which ads are displayed to you as you visit web sites or apps using our Services. Information that Verve collects as you visit a web site or app will be used to create an ad serving profile used to determine the ads displayed and to report about the effectiveness of that advertising. Personal Information collected by Verve may be linked with other available data about you from our business partners, including linking the various devices you may use. Where permitted by law, we use the information we collect to improve our products and services. Your Personal Information may be processed by Verve in the country where it was collected as well as other countries (including the United States) where laws regarding processing of Personal Information is less stringent than the laws in your country. To opt-out of the use of Personal Information to tailor the ads you are shown, you can use the “Limit Ad Tracking” settings on your device, more information here . You will continue to see ads, but they will not be selected based on your activity across unrelated web sites or apps. Some of our Services which use cookies offer an opt-out cookie. These opt-out cookies allow you to decline ad targeting on the websites you visit. This option can be exercised here . Sensitive Information When we create profiles to serve ads based on your activity across different web sites or apps, we restrict the use of advertising categories that we deem sensitive based on local law, applicable industry codes, and our own internal standards. Retention We retain Personal Information for as long as needed to support our business needs for ad-delivery, reporting and auditing, but for no longer than two years, after which such data is deleted or minimized by having unique user level identifiers removed. Disclosure of Personal Information Verve may disclose certain Personal Information: To service providers who help us provide the Services, in which case we will take reasonable steps to ensure that these parties comply with confidentiality obligations and contractually require these parties only use the information as needed to provide services to us;To third parties that you ask or to whom you have authorized us to send Personal Information;To any subsidiary organizations, joint ventures, or other organizations under our control or who are under common control with us (collectively, “Affiliates”), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy; If we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) resolve disputes or investigate problems (b) comply with relevant laws or to respond to lawful requests from law enforcement or other public authorities; or (c) protect and defend our rights or property or the rights and property of you or third parties; orIn connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution, transaction, or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, Personal Information may also be transferred as a business asset. If another company acquires our company, business, or assets, that company will possess the Personal Information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy. Verve may disclose Non-Personal Information to business partners, such as analytics companies and to advertisers, ad networks, other partners, and third parties. To opt-out of sharing of Personal Information by Verve with additional parties, you can use the “Limit Ad Tracking” settings on your device. Verve may disclose information that is anonymous, de-identified, or aggregated for any purpose. Security Verve takes reasonable and appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect Personal Information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, taking into due account the risks involved in the processing and the nature of the personal data.Changes to Privacy Policy Verve is committed to continually examining and reviewing its privacy practices and may make changes to this Privacy Policy. Your Rights & Contact Information Subject to local law, you may have certain rights over your Personal Information. These rights may include, depending on the circumstances, the rights to access your personal Information, delete personal Information collected from you, receive additional information regarding the information of yours we hold, stop certain disclosure of your Personal Information, withdraw consent for processing you may have given to us. If you would like to exercise your right under local law or if you have any questions or concerns about our privacy practices, you may contact us at: privacy@verve.com or using the opt-out mechanisms here and here . Verve Group, Inc. & VGI CTV Inc. 350 Fifth Avenue Suite 7700 New York, NY 10118 California residents should consult the “Additional Information for California Residents” and residents of the EEA and United Kingdom should consult “Additional Information for European Residents”. Last updated: January 1, 2023 Additional Information for California Residents Personal Data In the course of providing the Services, Verve processes Personal Information as a “business” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). As a business, we do not sell Personal Information that we process when providing the Services. We disclose the following categories of Personal Information to business partners for the purpose of providing our Services: Categories we collect: Mobile advertising identifiers, session and persistent cookies, IP addresses, apps used or downloaded, web sites visited, browser and operating system type, type of device used, information actively provided by users responding to a form in an ad, randomly assigned identifiers, precise and general location information and system information that our SDK may collect about your device or network provider. This information is retained for a period of 14-30 days. Categories of Sensitive Information we collect: Precise location information. We acquire location information when you provide it to an app which shares this information with us. Sources: All the information above is collected from your device when you are using an app to visit a website and is provided to us from the business partner you interact with by using their app or viewing an ad. We also acquire this information from advertising or data exchanges. Each Category is collected for the following business purposes: delivering ads on publisher sites, reporting on ad delivery, securing, protecting, auditing, bug and fraud detection, debugging and repair of errors and the detection, protection and prosecution of security incidents or illegal activity; enforcing our terms and policies; complying with law. Each Category is also collected for uses that advance our commercial interests including creating profiles to target ads on behalf of advertisers, using data collected from publishers and from other third parties. Sale/Sharing Information Verve may disclose the categories of information described above to business partners, such as analytics companies and may share the information with advertisers, ad networks, other partners, and third parties. Opt-Out signals If a Verve publisher or advertiser partner has transmitted to Verve a “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” signal, an “Opt-Out of the Use of My Personal Information for Interest-Based Advertising” signal, or a “Limit Use of My Sensitive Personal Information” signal, we will limit our use of Personal Information from that partner and we will act only as a service provider as defined in the CCPA. You may also exercise your opt-out rights as described below. Access, Deletion and Opt-Out Rights Subject to certain exceptions and restrictions, the CCPA provides you as a California Resident the right to submit requests to Verve: (i) to provide you with access to the specific pieces and categories of Personal Information collected by Verve about you, the categories of sources for such Personal Information, the business or commercial purposes for collecting such Personal Information, and the categories of third parties with which such information was shared; and (ii) to delete such Personal Information. Please email us at ccpa@verve.com for instructions for how you can exercise your California access, deletion and Opt-Out rights. We will need to verify your identity and that the information you requested relates to you before completing your rights request. We generally do not associate Personal Information (such as device history) with identified individuals as we generally do not have information such as names or email addresses connected to device information. Therefore we will need your Advertiser Identifier to process your request.If you do not provide us with the required information, we will be unable to process your request. You may designate an authorized agent to make California Requests on your behalf. We do not discriminate against you. You also have the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising certain of your rights. Verve does not discriminate against California Residents for exercising their rights. We do not sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without affirmative authorization. Additional Information for California Residents last updated: March 30, 2021 Additional Information for European Residents If you are situated in the European Union, the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the United Kingdom, the following provisions will apply in addition to the Advertising and Data Services Privacy Policy to any Personal Information. Data Controller For Purposes of the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), Verve is the data controller of the Personal Information. Legal Basis for Processing We will process your Personal Information (a) for the purpose of legitimate interests pursued by us in accordance with Art 6 para. 1 lit. (f) GDPR; or (b) because you have consented to the processing in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit (a) GDPR. We will only process Personal Information based on our legitimate interests for storing and accessing Personal Information necessary to provide the Services; selecting, delivering and reporting on the effectiveness of advertisements; measuring the performance of advertisements and campaigns and investigating and preventing fraud. Transferring your Information outside Europe We transfer Personal Information from the European Union, the EEA and the United Kingdom, to other countries, some of which have not yet been determined by the European Commission to have an adequate level of data protection. For example, their laws may not guarantee you the same rights, or there may not be a privacy supervisory authority there that is capable of addressing your complaints. When we engage in such transfers, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts, to help ensure your rights and protection of the Personal Information. If we transfer your personal information to a third party service provider outside the European Union, the EEA or the United Kingdom we are responsible for such transfer and we will impose obligations on the recipients of that Personal Information to protect your data to the standard required in the GDPR. Rights under the GDPR You have the following rights: (a) you have the right to obtain information about the data processed about you (Art. 15 GDPR); (b) if inaccurate personal data is processed, you have a right to rectification (Art. 16 GDPR); (c) if the legal requirements are met, you may request the erasion or restriction of processing as well as object to processing (Art. 17, 18, 21 GDPR); (d) if you have consented to the data processing or a contract for data processing exists and the data processing is carried out with the help of automated procedures, you may have a right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR). We generally do not associate Personal Information (such as device history) with identified individuals as we generally do not have information such as names or email addresses connected to device information. Therefore, we will need your Advertiser Identifier to fulfill your rights. If you do not provide us with the required information, we will be unable to ensure your rights. To exercise your rights, for questions or further information please contact us at privacy@verve.com . Additional Information for European Residents last updated: March 30, 2021 Our Data Protection Officer: Fieldfisher Tech Rechtsanwaltsgesellschaft mbHAm Sandtorkai 6820457 Hamburg, Germany Solutions Products Company Learn Dev Docs Legal To give you the best possible experience on our website, we use cookies. Mandatory cookies are needed for the functionality of the site; other cookies are used for performance and marketing purposes. Among the providers that set other cookies on our site is Google Ireland Ltd. ("Google"). Google is based in the USA and processes the personal data collected there. By clicking on "Allow all cookies (including from US providers)", you also expressly consent to the processing of your data in the USA in accordance with Art. 49 Para. 1 S.1 lit. a) of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).Under the item "Cookie Settings" you can, among other things, specifically set whether you allow the transfer of data to companies in the USA. For more information about cookies and the processing of personal data, please see our Privacy Policy Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Marketing Cookies Marketing Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Mandatory Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label