Revised Thursday, January 14, 2021 XDCAM, XDCAM EX, XAVC, XAVC S, NXCAM, SxS and Professional Disc are trademarks of Sony Corporation. Avid and DNxHD are trademarks or registered trademarks of Avid Technology, Inc. or its subsidiaries in the United States and/or other countries. All other trademarks or registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners in the United States and other countries. For more information, see https://www.sonycreativesoftware.com/licensenotices Sony Corporation may have patents, patent applications, trademarks, copyrights, or other intellectual property rights covering subject matter in this document. Except as expressly provided in any written license agreement from Sony Corporation, the furnishing of this document does not give you any license to these patents, trademarks, copyrights, or other intellectual property. Sony Creative Software Inc. 1 S.Pinckney St. Suite 520 Madison, WI 53703 USA The information contained in this manual is subject to change without notice and does not represent a guarantee or commitment on behalf of Sony Creative Software Inc. in any way. All updates or additional information relating to the contents of this manual will be posted on the Sony Creative Software Inc. Web site, located at https://www.sonycreativesoftware.com. The software is provided to you under the terms of the End User License Agreement and Software Privacy Policy, and must be used and/or copied in accordance therewith. Copying or distributing the software except as expressly described in the End User License Agreement is strictly prohibited. No part of this manual may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or for any purpose without the express written consent of Sony Creative Software Inc. Copyright © 2020. Sony Creative Software Inc. Program Copyright © 2020. Sony Creative Software Inc. All rights reserved. Notice to users Disclaimers Original images will change in appearance after performing image conversion with this product. Therefore, to prevent copyright infringement on copyrighted material, obtain the proper permissions from the copyright holder of the original images before conversion. IN NO EVENT SHALL SONY CORPORATION BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED ON TORT, CONTRACT, OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS MANUAL, THE SOFTWARE OR OTHER INFORMATION CONTAINED HEREIN OR THE USE THEREOF. This software may not be used for purposes other than those specified. Sony Corporation reserves the right to make any modification to this manual or the information contained herein at any time without notice. Software copyrights This manual or the software described herein, in whole or in part, may not be reproduced, translated or reduced to any machine-readable form without prior written approval from Sony Creative Software Inc. © 2020 Sony Creative Software Inc. Table of Contents Introduction What's new in version 2020.1 The Catalyst Prepare window Working with libraries Creating or opening a library Closing the library Adding media to a library Organizing media in a library Editing library clips Working with subclips in a library Exporting media from a library Working with FTP devices Transcoding presets Relinking library media Backing up a volume Finding media Supported video formats for reading Supported video devices Playing media Previewing video Navigating the timeline Marking in and out points for playback Creating a snapshot of a frame Table of Contents 100 TABLE OF CONTENTS 5 Adjusting and monitoring audio levels Editing clip settings Working with clips Viewing and editing metadata Exporting custom metadata Working with clip lists Working with storyboards Working with EDLs Combining relay clips Synchronizing multicamera clips Stabilizing clips Stitching clips Repairing flash bands Applying color correction Editing Color Adjustments controls Applying color-correction settings Using a Tangent control Video-style (Rec.709) color grading Log (cinematic) color grading Advanced cinematic (ACES) color grading High Dynamic Range (HDR) color grading Exporting color-correction settings Editing Catalyst Prepare options Keyboard shortcuts Gestures Index 6 TABLE OF CONTENTS 102 102 105 105 109 110 114 119 120 120 121 122 124 125 125 135 137 138 141 143 144 150 155 163 169 170 Chapter 1 Introduction Catalyst Prepare is the fast, simple, reliable path from camera to post. You can use Catalyst Prepare to copy and back up clips, organize your media clips, create subclips, apply color correction, and export clips. What's new in version 2020.1 n Added new Use SR Live metadata and Adjust SR Live settings manually controls in Application Settings to read SR Live settings from clip metadata and use clip settings or manual adjustments to convert between standard- and high-dynamic range content. n Added support for displaying SR Live metadata on the File tab in the Inspector pane.n Added support for XAVC S (AVC) / XAVC HS (HEVC) media. Notes: o If XAVC S and XAVC HS playback is not smooth, we recommend using the All Frames playback setting. Click the Playback Settings button on the left side of the transport controls to display the Playback Settings controls, and then click the All Frames button. o XAVC HS playback requires specific hardware requirements. Please see System Requirements for more information. o XAVC HS playback requires online activation using your camera model number and serial number. The model number and serial number are typically located located on the provided warranty documentation, on the box, or on the back, bottom, or inside of the product. The model name and the serial number you enter will be used only for our license management and will not be provided to a third party. n When a clip has Flag metadata, an OK, NG (no good), or Keep indicator is displayed in Media Browser mode. n Added support for clip rotation metadata in clip thumbnails and preview. n Added support for displaying image orientation metadata on the File tab in the Inspector pane n Added filtering to the Media Browser: you can filter by file type, file format, date created, or flag metadata. n Added support for reading and previewing XAVC S clips with 48kHz, 24-bit, 4-channel audio. INTRODUCTION 7 n Added support for stabilizing XAVC, XAVC S and XAVC HS clips using metadata. n Added support for fast device-to-device copying between Sony and non-Sony FTP devices. n Added support for writing, renaming, and deleting clips to SxS and USB storage via FTP on the PZW- 4000. Copying, renaming, or deleting clip lists to SxS media and USB storage on the PZW-4000 is not supported. n Added support for creating non-realtime (NRT) metadata for discontinuous timecode and essence marks when Catalyst creates new non-realtime metadata during MXF clip copy operations. New non-realtime metadata is not created when the source clip contains NRT metadata. n Added support for connecting to FTP devices using fully qualified domain names. n Added support for reading long-integer ISO sensitivity and Exposure index metadata. n Added support for macOS 10.15 (Catalina). The Catalyst Prepare window The Catalyst Prepare window can be displayed in two modes: n In Organize mode, you can make a checksum-verified, full-volume backup; browse your computer for media files; copy media to your computer; add to your media libraries; organize library clips using bins; export clips to additional volumes or devices; upload to Sony Media Cloud Services Ci; and transcode files. n In Edit mode, you can preview media, mark in and out points, and apply looks and color correction. Click the Organize or Edit button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window to change modes. 8 CHAPTER 1 Media Browser mode Edit mode INTRODUCTION 9 10 CHAPTER 1 Chapter 2 Working with libraries You can use libraries in Catalyst Prepare to organize your media. Creating or opening a library You can use different libraries to manage your media. A library helps you organize your clips, and you can use bins for even more control. For example, creating a separate library for each project helps you keep your media organized and allows you to quickly find the right media for each project. In Catalyst Prepare, you can have one library open at a time. Creating a library 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 2. Click the Library button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose New from the menu. 3. Use the New Library dialog to choose the folder and file where you want to save your new library. 4. Click OK. Opening a library 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 2. Click the Library button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose Open from the menu. 3. Browse to the library folder you want to load, select it, and click Open. You can also double-click a .cpreplib file in Windows Explorer or macOS Finder. Closing the library If you want to work with clips independently of a library, you can use the Close command. After you've closed the library, (No Library) is displayed in the application's title bar. WORKING WITH LIBRARIES 11 Some Catalyst Prepare features are unsupported without an open library: n When no library is opened, color adjustments are applied globally to all clips for previewing. If you want to save your color-correction settings, you can transcode clips to create new files. For more information, see "Exporting media from a library" on page 26. Color adjustments to clip lists or spanned clips are not available when a library is open. n When no library is opened, Channel Assignment controls in the Inspector are not available. For more information, see "Assigning audio channels" on page 107. n When no library is opened, storyboard support is not available. For more information, see "Working with storyboards" on page 114.n When no library is opened, bin support is not available. For more information, see "Adding bins to a library" on page 19. 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 2. Click the Library button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose Close from the menu. Adding media to a library To add media to a Catalyst Prepare library, you can copy clips from folders or devices attached to your computer, or you can choose to add clips without copying them to your computer. 12 CHAPTER 2 To add a local folder to the library without copying clips, click the Bin button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window in Organize mode, choose Create from folder, and browse to a folder on your computer. The folder and any clips in the folder are added to the current library. When you edit a clip that is not included in the current library, the metadata is saved to the library without modifying the original clip. The clip is added to the Automatically Added bin. The following actions will add a clip to the Automatically Added bin in the current library: n Changing in/out points. n Adjusting color correction. n Editing metadata. n Editing audio channel assignments. When browsing your clips, a badge is displayed in grid mode or list mode to identify clips that are included in the current library. Click the badge to display more information about the clip. Clip lists and spanned clips are not supported in Catalyst Prepare libraries. Copying media from a device Copying media allows you to import clips from cameras or decks to your computer, to another camera or deck, or to a centralized storage device. 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. The Places pane on the left side of the Catalyst Prepare window displays a list of the decks, cameras, and card readers that are connected to your computer. 2. Click the Library button to choose the library where you want to add media (or create a new library). 3. Select a device in the Devices list to display its media. WORKING WITH LIBRARIES 13 4. Select the media clips you want to import. n Click a file to select it. Growing MXF files are displayed with the following icon: Copying is not available when growing and nongrowing files are selected. n Hold Shift and click the first and last file you want to select to select a range of files. n Hold Ctrl (Windows) or Command (macOS) to select multiple files. Click the Select button to select multiple files without using keyboard modifiers. 5. Click the Copy button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 14 CHAPTER 2 6. Use the Copy pane to choose a destination for your files. a. Choose how you want to copy the selected clips: o Select Copy clips to library to copy the clips from your device to your computer and add them to the current library. The clips will be copied to a timestamped folder (YYYY-MM-DD hh.mm.ss) in the library (_cpreplib) folder. o Select Copy clips to custom destination if you want to choose where to copy the clips when adding them the current library. Click the Browse button to choose a folder, and select the Create subfolder check box if you want to copy the selected clips to a named or timestamped subfolder in the destination. The Create subfolder check box is not available when copying to a known folder structure. b. Select the Add to bin check box and choose a bin from the drop-down list if you want to copy the clips to a bin in the selected library (or create a new bin). For more information, see "Organizing media in a library" on page 18. The Add to bin check box is not available when copying from a library. c. If you want to rename files, select the Rename files check box. Renaming ensures that source files will not be overwritten. o Type a string in the Prefix box if you want to start all file names with the same text. o Choose a setting from the Numbering drop-down list to indicate whether you want to number clips or use their original file names. o Type a string in the Suffix box if you want to end all file names with the same text. For example, if you wanted to name clips using a convention such as Commercial_ 001_Camera1.mxf, you would type Commercial_ in the Prefix box, choose 3 digits from the Numbering drop-down list, and type _Camera1 in the Suffix box. If you're exporting a still-image sequence for use in an editor that has specific file-naming requirements, you can use the Rename files controls to ensure your exported files are compliant with your editor's requirements. d. Select the Copy all related media check box if you want to copy all media related to the selected clips (metadata.proxy clips, and extra files). e. Select the Copy clips only radio button if you want to copy only full-resolution clips. WORKING WITH LIBRARIES 15 f. Select the Copy proxy only radio button if you want to copy only proxy-resolution clips and all media related to the selected clips (metadata.proxy clips, and extra files). g.Select the Copy only between mark points check box if you want to copy only the media between the in and out points. For more information, see "Marking in and out points for playback" on page 99. If you've logged mark in and out points, partial copying is not supported for some clip formats. Those clips will be transcoded using the Default transcode format setting in Options. For more information, see "Marking in and out points for playback" on page 99 or "Editing Catalyst Prepare options" on page 155. h. Select the Close growing files check box if you want to close growing MXF files generated by Sony decks when copying is complete. When you're copying via FTP from Sony decks, growing files are closed automatically, and the check box is always selected. If you're copying from a local drive, you can select the check box to close growing files or clear the check box to copy the files without closing them. If the copy destination is an FTP device, copied MXF files are not converted to closed files. i. Select the Embed NRT metadata check box if you want to embed non-real-time metadata from an XML sidecar file into an MXF file. j. Select the Copy with verification check box if you want to verify clips as they are copied. o Choose a setting from the Verification mode drop-down list to choose whether you want to verify the write operation only or also verify reading the source file. Verify read/write is not available the source or destination volume is a Professional Disc Drive unit or an FTP device. o Choose a setting from the Hash type drop-down list to choose the method (MD5, SHA1, CRC32, or xxHash64) that will be used to verify your copied clips. The Copy with verification controls are not available when the source or destination volume is an FTP device. 16 CHAPTER 2 7. Click the Copy button to copy the selected clips and add them to your library. Progress is displayed in the activity pane at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. Each copy job can contain multiple files if you have multiple files selected in step 2 above. If you have multiple jobs queued, a separate progress indicator is displayed for each job. The imported clips will be available in Media Browser mode in the folder you selected above. Adding media from a device without copying If you want to include clips in your library without copying the files to your computer, you can drag them from the device to a library bin. 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. The Places pane on the left side of the Catalyst Prepare window displays a list of the decks, cameras, and card readers that are connected to your computer. If the device you want to use is not displayed, click Add source and select the device. 2. Click the Library button to choose the library where you want to add media (or create a new library). 3. Select a device in the Devices list to display its media. 4. Select the media clips you want to add to the library. n Click a file to select it. Growing MXF files are displayed with the following icon: Copying is not available when growing and nongrowing files are selected. n Hold Shift and click the first and last file you want to select to select a range of files. n Hold Ctrl (Windows) or Command (macOS) to select multiple files. Click the Select button to select multiple files without using keyboard modifiers. 5. Drag the clips from the middle pane to a bin on the left side of the Catalyst Prepare window. You can also drag clips from the Organize pane to a bin or storyboard in the Places pane. The device's clips are added to the library and are identified with a badge when you browse your device in grid mode or list mode WORKING WITH LIBRARIES 17 Organizing media in a library Organize mode allows you to view the clips on your computer's file system, attached devices, and libraries. Select a folder in the Places pane to view the clips in a folder or device. To navigate quickly, click the File button at the bottom of the Media Browser and choose Go to location. To add the current folder to the Favorite Folders list in the Places pane, click the File button at the bottom of the Media Browser and choose Add to Favorites. To remove a folder from the Favorite Folders list, select the folder in the Places pane and click the X button: Select a library bin or storyboard in the Current Library pane to view a library's clips. For more information, see "Adding media to a library" on page 12. Choosing a library 1. Click the Organize button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 2. The Places pane lists the current library. Click the Library button to choose a different library or create a new library. The library's media is displayed in the right side of the Catalyst Prepare window. Click the button to toggle thumbnail and list mode. For more information, see "Creating or opening a library" on page 11.18 CHAPTER 2 Adding bins to a library Bins are virtual folders within libraries that you can use to organize your media files. Bins are saved with your library and do not affect the way media is saved on your computer. Click the Bin button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose a command from the menu: n Choose New to add a new bin to the library. You can use bins to organize media within a library. n Choose Create from folder to quickly add a local folder to the library without copying clips. The folder and any clips in the folder are added to the current library. To create multiple bins quickly, select folders in the folder contents pane, right-click and choose Add selected folders as bins. A bin is created for each selected folder, and the folders' clips are added to the current library. Adding clips to a bin 1. Use the Media Browser to browse your computer for video files. 2. Drag a clip (or folder) from the Media Browser to a bin in the Bins list. To include a clip in more than one bin, drag it from the All Clips bin (or a local folder or device) to each bin where you want to include a link to the clip. You can also drag a clip from one bin to another to move it. You can also choose to add a clip to a bin when adding it to your library. For more information, see "Adding media to a library" on page 12. Clip lists or spanned clips ( ) cannot be added to bins. Deleting bins from a library 1. Select a bin in the Bins list. 2. Click the Bin button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose Delete from the menu. You're prompted with a confirmation dialog. If you also want to delete the source files from your computer, select the check box. WORKING WITH LIBRARIES 19 3. Click Delete. If a folder or media file is moved or deleted outside of Catalyst Prepare, it is displayed with the following icon: Renaming bins 1. Select a bin in the Bins list. 2. Click the Bin button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose Rename from the menu. 3. Type a new name in the box and click OK. Cleaning a bin 1. Select a bin in the Bins list. 2. Click the Bin button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose Clean. The Clean dialog is displayed. 3. Select the check box for each type of clip you'd like to remove from the selected bin: n Delete items older than X days: Removes clips that were added to the library before the number of days you specify. n Delete items that can no longer be found: Removes clips that are no longer available on disk or are on disks that are not connected. The dialog displays a list of clips that will be removed from the selected bin. 4. Click OK. Exporting a library's bins as folders 1. Click the Organize button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 2. The Places pane lists the current library. Click the Library button to choose a different library or create a new library. The library's media is displayed in the right side of the Catalyst Prepare window. Click the button to toggle thumbnail and list mode. 20 CHAPTER 2 3. Click the Library button and choose Export bins as folders. 4. Choose the folder where you want to export your library's bins, and then click OK. Progress is displayed in the activity pane at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. The exported folders are named to match the library's bin names. Only the portion of the video between the mark in and mark out points will be copied. For more information, see "Marking in and out points for playback" on page 99. If you've logged mark in and out points, partial copying is not supported for some clip formats. Those clips will be transcoded using the Default transcode format setting in Options. For more information, see "Marking in and out points for playback" on page 99 or "Editing Catalyst Prepare options" on page 155. Exporting a library's bins to Premiere 1. Click the Organize button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 2. The Places pane lists the current library. Click the Library button to choose a different library or create a new library. The library's media is displayed in the right side of the Catalyst Prepare window. Click the button to toggle thumbnail and list mode. 3. Click the Library button and choose Export bins to Premiere. 4. Choose the folder where you want to create a new Premiere Pro project containing your library's bins and clips, and then click OK. Progress is displayed in the activity pane at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. The exported folders are named to match the library's bin names. Only the portion of the video between the mark in and mark out points will be copied. For more information, see "Marking in and out points for playback" on page 99. If you've logged mark in and out points, partial copying is not supported for some clip formats. Those clips will be transcoded using the Default transcode format setting in Options.For more information, see "Marking in and out points for playback" on page 99 or "Editing Catalyst Prepare options" on page 155. WORKING WITH LIBRARIES 21 Exporting a library's bins to Final Cut Pro X 1. Click the Organize button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 2. The Places pane lists the current library. Click the Library button to choose a different library or create a new library. The library's media is displayed in the right side of the Catalyst Prepare window. Click the button to toggle thumbnail and list mode. 3. Click the Library button and choose Export bins to Final Cut Pro X. 4. Choose the folder where you want to create a new Final Cut Pro X project containing your library's bins and clips, and then click OK. Progress is displayed in the activity pane at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. The exported folders are named to match the library's bin names. Only the portion of the video between the mark in and mark out points will be copied. For more information, see "Marking in and out points for playback" on page 99. If you've logged mark in and out points, partial copying is not supported for some clip formats. Those clips will be transcoded using the Default transcode format setting in Options. For more information, see "Marking in and out points for playback" on page 99 or "Editing Catalyst Prepare options" on page 155. Working with storyboards You can create and edit storyboards to create a video project that is comprised of multiple, shorter video clips. For more information, see "Working with storyboards" on page 114. Moving clips between bins When you're using bins to organize your library, you can easily move clips between bins. 1. In the Places pane on the left side of the Catalyst Prepare window, select the bin that contains the clips you want to move. 2. Select the clips you want to move in the Media Browser. 22 CHAPTER 2 3. Click the Move button at the bottom of the Media Browser. 4. Choose your destination folder from the Move clip to bin drop-down list. 5. Click the Move button. You can also drag a clip from one bin to another to move it. To include a clip in more than one bin, drag it from the All Clips bin (or a local folder or device) to each bin where you want to include a link to the clip. Renaming clips Renaming a library clip allows you to edit the name that is displayed in your Catalyst Prepare library. Renaming a clip does not rename the source media file on the disk. If you want to rename a file on disk, browse to a device or local folder in the Places pane, and select a clip. Click the File button at the bottom of the Media Browser, choose Rename, and type a new name in the edit box. The file and all instances of the file in your library are updated. 1. Select a clip in the Media Browser. 2. Click the Clip button at the bottom of the Media Browser, choose Rename, and type a new name in the edit box. Removing clips from a library (or bin) 1. Select a clip in the Media Browser. 2. Click the Clip button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose Remove from the menu. The Remove Clips dialog is displayed to allow you to choose to remove the selected clip only or all clips that use the source media. If you want to remove all clips that use the source media, you can select the Also delete the associated source file from disk check box to delete the source file from disk. Selecting this check box automatically selects the Also remove the clip from other bins check box. If you want to remove the clip from all bins without deleting the source clip, select only the Also remove the clip from other bins check box. If a folder or media file is moved or deleted outside of Catalyst Prepare, it is displayed with the following icon:. WORKING WITH LIBRARIES 23 Consolidating a library Consolidating a library gathers all the library's clips to a single folder. When you consolidate a library, clips are copied to the new destination folder; the original clips are not moved. 1. Click the Organize button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 2. In the Places pane, click the Library button and choose Consolidate from the menu. If any of the library's clips cannot be found, you'll be prompted to relink the library clips. For more information, see "Relinking library media" on page 58. 3. Click OK to start copying media. Saving and renaming a library (Save As) You can use Save As to create a copy of the current library with a new name or to a different folder. 1. Click the Organize button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 2. In the Places pane, click the Library button and choose Save As from the menu. 3. Choose the folder where you want to save the library. 4. Select the Consolidate media with new library check box if you want to copy clips to a subfolder in the destination folder. You can choose to copy the selected clips to a named or timestamped subfolder in the destination. 5. Click OK to start copying media. Showing source clips 1. Select a file. 2.Click the Clip button at the bottom of the Media Browser and choose Show in Finder (macOS) or Show in Explorer (Windows) to view the source clip in its containing folder. Editing library clips In Edit mode, you can preview media, log mark in and out points, and apply looks and color correction. 24 CHAPTER 2 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 2. Select the clip you want to edit. The left pane allows you to navigate the folders in your library, and the middle pane displays the contents of the selected folder. 3. Click the Edit button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window to open the selected clip in Edit mode. You can also double-click a clip in Media Browser mode to open it in Edit mode. In Edit mode, the left pane allows you to browse the file system or the library's clips; the center pane allows you to preview the file, log mark in and mark out points, and apply color correction; and the right pane allows you to view and edit metadata for the selected file in the Inspector. n For more information about previewing media, please see "Playing media" on page 93. n For more information about logging mark in and out points, please see "Marking in and out points for playback" on page 99. n For more information about applying color correction, please see "Applying color correction" on page 125. n For more information about using the Inspector, please see "Viewing and editing metadata" on page 105. Working with subclips in a library A subclip is a library reference to a clip. You might create a subclip that uses different color correction than the source media or that uses different mark in and mark out points. Subclips save disk space when transferring media to the NLE: you can transcode only material of interest and apply a meaningful name to simplify the editing stage. When you view your library in Organize mode, subclips are labeled with the original clip name and a number - MainClip - Subclip 1, MainClip - Subclip 2, and so on - or you can provide your own name. Creating subclips 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 2. Double-click a clip to open it in Edit mode. WORKING WITH LIBRARIES 25 3. Use the Mark In and Mark Out buttons to adjust the length of your subclip. For more information, see "Marking in and out points for playback" on page 99. 4. Click the Create Subclip button . The Subclip Name dialog is displayed. The subclip is created using the base name of the original clip. Edit the clip name if needed and click OK to add the subclip to your library. The Create Subclip button is displayed under a Log button when the Catalyst Prepare window is too narrow to display the full toolbar. Deleting subclips 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 2. Select the subclip you want to delete. 3. Click the Clip button at the bottom of the Media Browser and choose Remove. The Remove Clips dialog is displayed to allow you to choose to remove the selected clip only or all clips that use the source media. If you choose to remove all clips that use the source media, you can select the Also delete the associated source file from disk check box to delete the source file from disk. Exporting media from a library Catalyst Prepare provides you with several methods to transcode and share clips from your library. Working with FTP devices You can use Catalyst Prepare to work with clips on a remote server using FTP/FTPS. Connect to an FTP device Click the Tools button at the top of the Places pane and choose Add remote server to specify a server's connection settings. Item Description Server name Type a name to identify the server. This name will be displayed in the Remote Devices list in the Places pane. 26 CHAPTER 2 Item Description Protocol Choose a setting from the drop-down list to indicate whether you'll connect to the server via an FTP or FTPS (Explicit) connection. Address/Port Type the address or host name of the server and the port. Folder If you want to connect to a specific folder on the server, type its name here. Leave this box blank to connect to the root of the device. User name Type the user name that you want to use to connect to the server. Password Type the password for the specified user name. Disconnecting from or reconnecting to a server To disconnect from a server, select the server in the Places pane and click the button: To reconnect to a server, select the server in the Places pane and click the button: Editing a server's settings To edit the settings for a connected server, select it and then click the Tools button at the top of the Places pane and choose Edit remote server. Removing a server To remove a remote server from the Remote Devices list, select it and then click the Tools button at the top of the Places pane and choose Remove remote server. WORKING WITH LIBRARIES 27 Browsing the contents of an FTP device 1. Connect to the FTP device.For more information, see "Connect to an FTP device" on page 26. 2. In the Places pane, select your FTP device. The contents of the device are displayed in the center pane. 28 CHAPTER 2 3. In the center pane, select a clip. n You can use the Inspector pane to view the selected clip's metadata. For more information, see "Viewing and editing metadata" on page 105. Audio and video preview are not available over FTP connections. n Right-click the selected clip and choose Rename to edit the clip's name. n Right-click the selected clip and choose Delete to remove the selected clip from the device. Copying, renaming, or deleting clip lists to SxS media and USB storage on the PZW-4000 is not supported. Copying clips from an FTP device to your library or computer Working with clips from an FTP server is as simple as working with clips from your local computer or an external drive. After you connect to an FTP device, it will be displayed in a Remote Devices list in the Places pane, and you can browse it in the same way you browse other volumes. WORKING WITH LIBRARIES 29 1. Connect to the FTP device. For more information, see "Connect to an FTP device" on page 26. 2. In the Places pane, select your FTP device. The contents of the device are displayed in the center pane. 30 CHAPTER 2 3. In the center pane, select the clip you want to copy to your library. Audio and video preview are not available over FTP connections. 4. Click the Copy button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 5. Use the Copy pane to choose a destination for your files. Select the Copy clips to library radio button to copy the selected clips to the current library, or select Copy clips to custom destination and click Browse to browse to another folder. 6. Use the copy pane to choose copy options, and then click the Copy button to start copying. For more information about the controls in the Copy pane, please see "Copying clips to a device" on page 46. Copy clips to a Sony FTP device 1. Connect to the FTP device where you want to copy the clips. If your source clips are also on an FTP device, also connect to the source FTP device. For more information, see "Connect to an FTP device" on page 26. WORKING WITH LIBRARIES 31 2. In the Places pane, select the source device from which you want to copy clips. The contents of the device are displayed in the center pane. 32 CHAPTER 2 3. In the center pane, select the clip you want to copy to your library. Audio and video preview are not available over FTP connections. 4. Click the Copy button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. WORKING WITH LIBRARIES 33 5. Use the Copy pane to choose a destination for your files. Select the Copy clips to custom destination radio button, click Browse, select your FTP device in the Copy To dialog, and then click OK. 6. Use the copy pane to choose copy options, and then click the Copy button to start copying. For more information about the controls in the Copy pane, please see "Copying clips to a device" on page 46. Notes: The Create subfolder check box is not available when copying to a known folder structure. The Copy clips only check box is not available when copying to a Sony FTP device. The Use fast device-to-device copy check box is not available when using FTPS protocol. Copy clips to a non-Sony FTP device 1. Connect to the FTP device where you want to copy the clips. If your source clips are also on an FTP device, also connect to the source FTP device. For more information, see "Connect to an FTP device" on page 26. 34 CHAPTER 2 2. In the Places pane, select the source device from which you want to copy clips. The contents of the device are displayed in the center pane. The source must be a Sony device. WORKING WITH LIBRARIES 35 3. In the center pane, select the clip you want to copy to your library. Audio and video preview are not available over FTP connections. 4. Click the Copy button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 36 CHAPTER 2 5. Use the Copy pane to choose a destination for your files. Select the Copy clips to custom destination radio button, click Browse, select your FTP device in the Copy To dialog, and then click OK. 6. Use the copy pane to choose copy options, and then click the Copy button to start copying. For more information about the controls in the Copy pane, please see "Copying clips to a device" on page 46. Notes: The Create subfolder check box is not available when copying to a known folder structure. Only the Copy clips only option is available when copying from a Sony FTP device to a third-party FTP device. The Use fast device-to-device copy check box is only available when copying from a Sony device using FTP protocol (FTPS protocol is not supported). The Preserve source UMID check box is not available when copying too a third-party FTP device. WORKING WITH LIBRARIES 37 Transcoding clips Transcoding clips allows you to convert clips to another format.The original clips are not affected (overwritten, deleted, or altered) during the exporting process. 1. Select the clips you want to export in Media Browser or Edit mode. The left pane allows you to navigate the folders in your library, and the middle pane displays the contents of the selected folder n Click a file to select it. n Hold Shift and click the first and last file you want to select to select a range of files. n Hold Ctrl (Windows) or ⌘ (macOS) to select multiple files. Click the Select button to select multiple files without using keyboard modifiers. on a thumbnail indicates a clip that spans multiple files due to file-size limitations but is displayed in Catalyst Prepare as a single virtual clip. Spanned XDCAM EX clips can be transcoded directly, but AVCHD clips must be copied first. To transcode spanned AVCHD clips, first copy them to a new folder. After the copy is complete, the indicator is removed, and the clips are combined in a new clip that you can transcode. For more information, see "Transcoding clips" on page 38. 2. Click the Export button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window, and use the Export pane to choose a destination and format for your exported files. 3. The Export clips to box displays the path to the folder where the selected files will be exported. You can type a path in the box or click the Browse button to choose a folder. 38 CHAPTER 2 4. If you want to rename files, select the Rename files check box. Renaming ensures that source files will not be overwritten. n Type a string in the Prefix box if you want to start all file names with the same text. n Choose a setting from the Numbering drop-down list to indicate whether you want to number clips or use their original file names. n Type a string in the Suffix box if you want to end all file names with the same text. For example, if you wanted to name clips using a convention such as Commercial_001_ Camera1.mxf, you would type Commercial_ in the Prefix box, choose 3 digits from the Numbering drop-down list, and type _Camera1 in the Suffix box. If you're exporting a still-image sequence for use in an editor that has specific file- naming requirements, you can use the Rename files controls to ensure your exported files are compliant with your editor's requirements. 5. The Source Metadata section shows you the file name, format, frame size, and frame rate of the selected clip. Source metadata is not displayed when a storyboard or clip list is selected. WORKING WITH LIBRARIES 39 6. Use the Transcode Settings section to choose the format for your exported files. If you need to reset the transcode settings to their default values, click the Reset button a. If you want to use a transcode preset to choose the settings for your exported files, choose a setting from the Transcode preset drop-down list, and then click Export. If you want to choose custom transcoding settings, choose Custom from the Transcode preset drop-down list and continue to step b. For more information, see "Transcoding presets" on page 56. When you select a video processing device other than your CPU in the application settings dialog, high-quality deinterlacing and upscaling are applied to convert SD and HD sources to modern progressive HD and UHD assets. For more information, see "Choosing a video processing device" on page 155. o High-quality upscaling is applied during transcoding when you choose an HD or UHD render preset. o Please note that some systems with limited GPU memory are not supported. b. When exporting to a video format, choose a setting from the Output color space drop- down list to choose the color space that will be used for rendering the new files. You can choose Same as preview or Same as external monitor (if an external monitor is enabled) to match the output color space and color adjustments to your video preview or external monitor setting. For more information, see "Choosing a color space for the video preview and external monitor" on page 159. If the selected color space includes color adjustments, the color adjustments icon is displayed in white and a ToolTip notifies you that color adjustments will be included. If the selected color space does not include color adjustments, the color adjustments icon is displayed in gray and a ToolTip notifies you that color adjustments will be excluded. If the selected output color space is not compatible with the source color space, a warning is displayed to notify you that the clip cannot be exported using the current settings. 40 CHAPTER 2 c. Choose a setting from the Format drop-down list to indicate the file format you want to use for your exported files. Format settings that are not supported by the selected Output color space will not be available. When transcoding to DPX format, you can type a value in the Starting frame index box to append a numeric index to transcoded file names.OpenEXR is available only for S-Gamut, RAW, or X-OCN sources when Output color space is set to ACES, Rec.2020/Linear, S-Gamut/Linear or S- Gamut3/Linear. ProRes is available on macOS only. d. Choose a setting from the Frame size drop-down list to choose the dimensions of the rendered frame, or choose Same as source to match the selected clip. e. Choose a setting from the Frame rate drop-down list to choose the number of frames per second for the rendered clip, or choose Same as source to match the selected clip. f. Choose a setting from the Render preset drop-down list to choose the settings that will be used for the exported files. Choose the Best match preset if you want Catalyst Prepare to choose the most appropriate preset for each selected clip. Render preset settings that are not supported by the selected Output color space and Format will not be available. Please note that the XAVC Long 422 3840x2160 200 Mbps (Sony) render presets require 16 GB or more RAM. If you're using a dedicated GPU, the presets also require 4 GB or more GPU memory. WORKING WITH LIBRARIES 41 g. If you want to create a file with segmented body partitions, select the Create Sony Professional Disc partitions or Create segmented body partitions check box. When the check box is cleared, the file will use a single body partition. The Create Sony Professional Disc partitions check box is available only when XDCAM is selected in the Format drop-down list. Create segmented body partitions is available only when XAVC Intra or XAVC Long is selected in the Format drop-down list. Files created with segmented body partitions may not be recognized properly by some Sony camcorders, decks, or servers. 42 CHAPTER 2 7. Enable the Use advanced settings switch if you need to adjust additional transcoding settings. a. Choose a setting from the Crop type drop-down list to choose the aspect ratio for your transcoded file: o None (letterbox/pillarbox): if the source frame is wider than the destination frame, black bars are displayed at the top and bottom (letterbox). If the source frame is narrower than the destination frame, black bars are displayed on the sides of the frame (pillarbox). o Center crop (cut edges): if the source frame does not match the output frame, the frame is centered, and the edges are cropped as needed. o Use masking ratio: crops the frame to the masking ratio selected in the Clip Settings menu. For more information, see "Playing media" on page 102. b. Choose a setting from the Encode mode drop-down list to choose whether you want to optimize image quality or transcoding speed. c. Choose a setting from the Audio channels drop-down to choose how audio will be rendered in the output file. o Same as source: the rendered file will contain the same number of audio channels as the source clip. o Map audio channels: you can choose how audio channels from the source clip will be mapped to audio channels in the rendered file. Each channel in the rendered file will be displayed with a drop-down list so you can choose which source channel should be rendered to that channel. d. Select the Stitch clips check box if you want to combine the selected clips into a single continuous clip. The order of the clips in the new clip will match the order they are displayed in Media Browser or Edit mode. If you want the new clip to include continuous timecode based on the source clips' timecode, select the Use continuous timecode check box. Clip order will be adjusted as needed, and black frames will be added between clips to ensure the timecode in the new clip is not interrupted. For more information, see "Stitching clips" on page 122. WORKING WITH LIBRARIES 43 e. Select the Add custom metadata check box if you want to include custom metadata items for the exported files. For each item that you define, an edit box is displayed to allow you to type the desired value for that metadata item. Custom metadata is saved in a sidecar .json file. The Add custom metadata check box is only displayed if you have created a customMetadataExport.json file to define the items you want to export. For more information, see "Exporting custom metadata" on page 109. f. Select the Burn in timecode check box if you want to include timecode in the transcoded video. Click the position control below the check box to indicate where timecode will be positioned in the frame. The transcoded file will include the source clip's timecode. If you're transcoding a storyboard, each clip will display its source timecode. g. Select the Burn in clip name check box if you want to include the clip name in the transcoded video. Click the position control below the check box to indicate where the clip name will be positioned in the frame. If you rename a clip, the custom name will be displayed. For more information, see "Renaming clips" on page 23. If you're transcoding a storyboard, each clip will display its source clip name. h.If the Burn in timecode and/or Burn in clip name check boxes are selected, you can select the Allow burn in within letterbox/pillarbox area check box if your output format will include letterboxing or pillarboxing and you want to allow the timecode/clip name to be placed in the letterbox/pillarbox area. When the check box is cleared, the timecode/clip name will be limited to the source frame area. 44 CHAPTER 2 i. Select the Add watermark check box if you want to include a watermark image in the transcoded video. Click Browse to choose a JPEG or PNG image file. Drag the Opacity slider to set the transparency/opacity of the watermark image. Click the position control below the Opacity slider to indicate where the watermark image will be positioned in the frame: o If you need to render multiple frame sizes, create a full-frame transparent PNG using the dimensions of your largest target frame size, and the watermark image will be scaled as needed for the smaller frame sizes. o If your watermark image is smaller than the target frame size, no scaling is applied and the image will be anchored at the selected position control. j. Select the Use flip, rotate, and desqueeze settings check box if you're working with rotated video or video that was filmed with an anamorphic lens and want to preserve the Flip horizontal, Flip vertical, rotation, and Anamorphic desqueeze settings when transcoding. When the check box is not selected, letterboxing will be applied. For more information, see "Playing media" on page 102. k. Select the Repair flash bands automatically check box if want to automatically detect and repair flash bands when transcoding. For more information, see "Repairing flash bands" on page 124. l. Select the Use mark in/out points check box if you want to transcode only the portion of the video between the mark in and mark out points. For more information, see "Marking in and out points for playback" on page 99. m. Select the Add padding to clips check box and type a number in the Seconds box if you want to preserve media before the mark in/mark out points. n. Select the Transcode using proxy source clip check box if you want to use the proxy as the source clip when transcoding. When you're transcoding a lower-resolution clip, using the proxy as your source media is faster. o. Select the Override start timecode check box and type a number in the edit box to specify the starting timecode for your transcoded clip. When the check box is cleared, the clip's timecode is used. The Override start timecode check box is available when transcoding MXF clips to DNxHD, SStP, XAVC-I, XAVC-L, and XDCAM formats. WORKING WITH LIBRARIES 45 If you want to save your transcoding settings, click the Transcode Tools button in the Transcode Settings heading and choose Save transcode preset. For more information, see "Transcoding presets" on page 56. 8. Click Export. Progress is displayed in the activity pane at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. Each export job can contain multiple files if you have multiple files selected in step 2 above. If you have multiple export jobs queued, a separate progress indicator is displayed for each job. Copying clips to a device Copying clips allows you to copy clips (or clip lists) from your library to another location. The original clip name and format are preserved if possible, and color correction is not applied to the copied clips. You can drag a clip to a folder on a drive or device in the Places pane to copy the entire clip (with no transcoding, color correction, or renaming). 1. Select the clips you want to copy in Media Browser or Edit mode. The left pane allows you to navigate the folders in your library, and the middle pane displays the contents of the selected folder n Click a file to select it. n Hold Shift and click the first and last file you want to select to select a range of files. n Hold Ctrl (Windows) or ⌘ (macOS) to select multiple files. Click the Select button to select multiple files without using keyboard modifiers. on a thumbnail indicates a clip that spans multiple files due to file-size limitations but is displayed in Catalyst Prepare as a single virtual clip. After you copy a spanned AVCHD clip, the indicator is removed, and the clips are combined in a new clip that you can transcode. For more information, see "Transcoding clips" on page 38. 2. Click the Copy button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 46 CHAPTER 2 3. Use the Copy pane to choose a destination for your files. a. Choose where you want to copy the selected files: o Select the Copy clip to library radio button to copy the selected files to the current library. o Select Copy clip to custom destination radio button to choose a folder where the selected files will be copied. You can type a path in the box or click the Browse button to choose a folder. Select the Create subfolder check box if you want to copy the selected clips to a subfolder in the destination.n If you want to name the subfolder based on the date and time you copied the files, choose Time stamped from the drop-down list. n If you want to name the subfolder yourself, choose Custom folder name from the drop-down list and type a name in the box. The Create subfolder check box is not available when copying to a known folder structure. For more information about working with FTP devices, please see "Working with FTP devices" on page 26. b. Select the Add to bin check box and choose a bin from the drop-down list if you want to add the selected clips to a bin in your library. For more information, see "Adding bins to a library" on page 19. WORKING WITH LIBRARIES 47 c. If you want to rename files, select the Rename files check box. Renaming ensures that source files will not be overwritten. o Type a string in the Prefix box if you want to start all file names with the same text. o Choose a setting from the Numbering drop-down list to indicate whether you want to number clips or use their original file names. o Type a string in the Suffix box if you want to end all file names with the same text. For example, if you wanted to name clips using a convention such as Commercial_001_Camera1.mxf, you would type Commercial_ in the Prefix box, choose 3 digits from the Numbering drop-down list, and type _Camera1 in the Suffix box. If you're exporting a still-image sequence for use in an editor that has specific file-naming requirements, you can use the Rename files controls to ensure your exported files are compliant with your editor's requirements. d. Select the Copy all related media radio button if you want to copy all media related to the selected clips (metadata, proxy clips, and extra files). Only the Copy all related media option is available when the destination volume is a Sony device. e. Select the Copy clips only radio button if you want to copy only full-resolution clips. Only the Copy clips only option is available when copying to a non-Sony device. f. Select the Copy proxy only radio button if you want to copy only proxy-resolution clips and all media related to the selected clips (metadata, proxy clips, and extra files). When you edit the metadata for a proxy file, the metadata for the full-resolution clip is updated when you copy the proxy clip back to the device. For more information, see "Viewing and editing metadata" on page 105. 48 CHAPTER 2 g. Select the Copy only between mark points check box if you want to copy only the media between the in and out points when copying files. For more information, see "Marking in and out points for playback" on page 99. If you've logged mark in and out points, partial copying is not supported for some clip formats. Those clips will be transcoded using the Default transcode format setting in Options. For more information, see "Marking in and out points for playback" on page 99 or "Editing Catalyst Prepare options" on page 155. Copy only between mark points is not available when copying to or from an FTP device. h. If you want to create a file with segmented body partitions, select the Create Sony Professional Disc partitions or Create segmented body partitions check box. When the check box is cleared, the file will use a single body partition. The Create Sony Professional Disc partitions / Create segmented body partitions check box is not available during FTP copy. Files created with segmented body partitions may not be recognized properly by some Sony camcorders, decks, or servers. i. Select the Use fast device-to-device copy check box if you want to copy clips directly between devices via FTP (FTPS protocol is not supported). When this check box is selected, clips are copied directly between the devices without copying to your computer. Device access is not available during a fast device-to-device copy: o Copy progress is not displayed. o Device-to-device copy operations cannot be canceled. WORKING WITH LIBRARIES 49 j. Select the Copy with verification check box if you want to verify clips as they are copied. o Choose a setting from the Verification mode drop-down list to choose whether you want to verify the write operation only or also verify reading the source file. Verify read/write is not available the source or destination volume is a Professional Disc Drive unit or an FTP device. o Choose a setting from the Hash type drop-down list to choose the method (MD5, SHA1, CRC32, or xxHash64) that will be used to verify your copied clips. The Copy with verification controls are not available when the source or destination volume is an FTP device. k. Select the Override start timecode check box and type a number in the edit box to specify the starting timecode for your transcoded clip. When the check box is cleared, the clip's timecode is used. The Override start timecode check box is available when copying MXF clips. The Override start timecode check box is not available when copying to/from an FTP device. l.Select the Preserve source UMID check box if you want to preserve a clip's UMID (Unique Material Identifier) when copying it to an FTP device. When the check box is cleared, the clip's UMID may be changed when it is copied to the device. The Preserve source UMID check box is available when copying from a local drive to a Sony FTP device. 4. Click Copy. Progress is displayed in the activity pane at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. Each copy job can contain multiple files if you have multiple files selected in step 2 above. If you have multiple jobs queued, a separate progress indicator is displayed for each job. Rendering a storyboard as separate files You can convert a storyboard's clips to another format. A separate file is created for each clip, and the original clips are not affected (overwritten, deleted, or altered) during the exporting process. 1. Click a storyboard in the Storyboards section of the left pane. 2. Select the clips you want to export. 50 CHAPTER 2 3. Click the Export button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 4. Select the Render clips as separate files radio button. 5. Use the controls in the Export pane to choose a destination and format for your exported files. For more information about the controls, please see "Transcoding clips" on page 38. 6. Click Export. Progress is displayed in the activity pane at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. Each export job can contain multiple files if you have multiple files selected in step 2 above. If you have multiple export jobs queued, a separate progress indicator is displayed for each job. Rendering a storyboard as a single clip In addition to exporting individual storyboard clips, you can convert a storyboard to a single media file. The original clips are not affected (overwritten, deleted, or altered) during the exporting process. 1. Click a storyboard in the Storyboards section of the left pane. 2. Click the Export button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 3. Select the Render storyboard as single file radio button. 4. Use the controls in the Export pane to choose a destination and format for your exported file. For more information about the controls, please see "Transcoding clips" on page 38. 5. Click Export. Progress is displayed in the activity pane at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. If you have multiple export jobs queued, a separate progress indicator is displayed for each job. Exporting a storyboard to another editor You can convert a storyboard to a project that you can edit in a video editor. 1. Click a storyboard in the Storyboards section of the left pane. 2. Click the Export button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 3. Select the Export storyboard as project radio button. 4. The Export project to box displays the path to the folder where the project will be exported. You can type a path in the box or click the Browse button to choose a folder. WORKING WITH LIBRARIES 51 5. Type a name in the File name box to set the file name that will be used for your exported project file. 6. Choose an export format from the Project format drop-down list: n Apple Final Cut Pro X (*.fcpxml) n Adobe Premiere (*.prproj) n Avid Media Composer (*.aaf) n Vegas Pro EDL (*.txt) 7. Choose transcoding options: n If you want to link to the original clips in the original locations, clear the Transcode media check box. n If you want to transcode the storyboard's media to another format when exporting, select the Transcode media check box and use the Transcode Settings controls to choose transcoding options. For more information about the controls, please see "Transcoding clips" on page 38. 8. Click Export. Progress is displayed in the activity pane at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. If you have multiple export jobs queued, a separate progress indicator is displayed for each job. An HTML report file is created in the same folder as the exported project with details about the export. Any warnings or errors will be displayed in the report. Uploading files to Ci Workspace 1. Select the files you want to upload in Media Browser or Edit mode. 2. Click the Share button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 3. From the Upload clip to drop-down list, choose Ci Workspace. 52 CHAPTER 2 4. Use the Share pane to log on to your Ci account and follow the on-screen instructions to upload the selected files to your Ci workspace. Choose a setting from the Login method drop-down list to choose whether you want to log in with a username/email or a Contributor Code. If your account has multiple workspaces available, you can use the Workspace drop-down to choose the workspace that will be used by default. 5. Select the Upload original clips radio button if you want to upload the source clips, or select Transcode clips before upload and choose your transcoding settings if you want to convert the clips to another format before uploading.When you upload the original clips, the source format is preserved, and no color adjustments are applied. When you transcode before uploading, you can choose file format and color-adjustment settings for the uploaded files. Use the controls in the Export pane to choose a destination and format for your exported file. For more information about the controls, please see "Transcoding clips" on page 38. 6. Click Upload. Progress is displayed in the activity pane at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. If you have multiple upload jobs queued, a separate progress indicator is displayed for each job. 1. Select the files you want to upload in Media Browser or Edit mode. 2. Click the Share button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 3. From the Upload clip to drop-down list, choose YouTube. 4. Use the Share pane to log on to your Google account and follow the on-screen instructions to upload the selected file. WORKING WITH LIBRARIES 53 a. Rename your uploads if needed: o When you're uploading a single clip, the Title box displays the file name of the selected clip. You can type a new title to identify your video. o When you're uploading multiple clips, select the Rename files check box. n Type a string in the Prefix box if you want to start all file names with the same text. n Choose a setting from the Numbering drop-down list to indicate whether you want to number clips or use their original file names. n Type a string in the Suffix box if you want to end all file names with the same text. For example, if you wanted to name clips using a convention such as Commercial_001_Camera1, you would type Commercial_ in the Prefix box, choose 3 digits from the Numbering drop-down list, and type _Camera1 in the Suffix box. b. Type a description of your movie in the Description box. c. Type keywords you want to associate with your movie in the Tags box. Use words that relate to your movie and describe its content. These tags will be used when searching YouTube. Use commas to separate multiple keywords. d. From the Privacy drop-down list, choose a setting to set broadcast options for your movie. Public videos can be seen by any YouTube user; private videos can be seen only by members you specify; unlisted videos can be seen by anyone who has a link to the video, but they are not included in YouTube searches. e. Choose a setting from the Category drop-down list. The category you choose is used to classify videos on the YouTube site. f. Choose a setting from the Frame size drop-down list to choose the frame size of the video. g. Choose a setting from the Frame rate drop-down list to the frame rate of the video. h. Enable the Use advanced settings switch if you need to adjust additional transcoding settings. For more information about the controls, please see "Transcoding clips" on page 38. 5. Click Upload. Progress is displayed in the activity pane at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. If you have multiple upload jobs queued, a separate progress indicator is displayed for each job. 54 CHAPTER 2 Uploading files to YouTube 1. Select the files you want to upload in Media Browser or Edit mode. 2. Click the Share button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 3. From the Upload clip to drop-down list, choose YouTube. 4. Use the Share pane to log on to your Google account and follow the on-screen instructions to upload the selected file. a. Rename your uploads if needed: o When you're uploading a single clip, the Title box displays the file name of the selected clip. You can type a new title to identify your video. o When you're uploading multiple clips, select the Rename files check box. n Type a string in the Prefix box if you want to start all file names with the same text. n Choose a setting from the Numbering drop-down list to indicate whether you want to number clips or use their original file names. n Type a string in the Suffix box if you want to end all file names with the same text. For example, if you wanted to name clips using a convention such as Commercial_001_Camera1, you would type Commercial_ in the Prefix box, choose 3 digits from the Numbering drop-down list, and type _Camera1 in the Suffix box. b. Type a description of your movie in the Description box. c. Type keywords you want to associate with your movie in the Tags box. Use words that relate to your movie and describe its content. These tags will be used when searching YouTube. Use commas to separate multiple keywords. d. From the Privacy drop-down list, choose a setting to set broadcast options for your movie. Public videos can be seen by any YouTube user; private videos can be seen only by members you specify; unlisted videos can be seen by anyone who has a link to the video, but they are not included in YouTube searches. e. Choose a setting from the Category drop-down list. The category you choose is used to classify videos on the YouTube site. WORKING WITH LIBRARIES 55 f.Choose a setting from the Frame size drop-down list to choose the frame size of the video. g. Choose a setting from the Frame rate drop-down list to the frame rate of the video. h. Enable the Use advanced settings switch if you need to adjust additional transcoding settings. For more information about the controls, please see "Transcoding clips" on page 38. 5. Click Upload. Progress is displayed in the activity pane at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. If you have multiple upload jobs queued, a separate progress indicator is displayed for each job. Transcoding presets Transcode presets make it easy to transcode multiple files with the same settings. Presets are saved in the following folder: n Windows: C:\Users\<user>\Documents\Sony\Catalyst\Transcode Presets\ n macOS: /Users/<user>/Documents/Sony/Catalyst/Transcode Presets/ Importing transcode presets If you're transferring preset files across computers, copy the .ctranscode files from the source computer to the destination computer. Presets are saved in the following folder: n Windows: C:\Users\<user>\Documents\Sony\Catalyst\Transcode Presets\ n macOS: /Users/<user>/Documents/Sony/Catalyst/Transcode Presets/ Saving transcoding presets Saving a preset allows you to reuse transcoding settings easily and transfer settings across computers. 1. Click the Export button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 2. Use the Transcode Settings section of the Export pane to adjust your settings as needed. For more information, see "Exporting media from a library" on page 26. 3. Click the Transcode Tools button in the Transcode Settings. 4. Click Save transcode preset in the Transcode Tools menu. 56 CHAPTER 2 5. Type name for your preset in the File name box and click OK. Preset files are saved in the following folder: n Windows: C:\Users\<user>\Documents\Sony\Catalyst\Transcode Presets\ n macOS: /Users/<user>/Documents/Sony/Catalyst/Transcode Presets/ Deleting transcoding presets Deleting a preset removes it from your computer. 1. Click the Export button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 2. From the Transcode preset drop-down list, select the preset you want to delete. 3. Click the Transcode Tools button in the Transcode Settings. 4. Click Delete transcode preset in the Transcode Tools menu. 5. When prompted to confirm deleting the preset, click Delete. WORKING WITH LIBRARIES 57 Relinking library media Relinking allows you to relink media files within a library when you move a library to a different drive or use media from an external drive. 1. Open a library. For more information, see "Creating or opening a library" on page 11. 2. In the Places pane, click the Library button and choose Relink from the menu. 3. For each clip, the Relink Clips dialog displays the original clip and its linked clip. Click a folder path and browse to a new location to choose a new location for your source clips. Click Locate Folder or Locate File (if a clip is missing) or a clip's path and browse to a new file to choose a replacement file. Click the button to display the full path. 4. Click Relink. The paths to the library clips are replaced, and your library is updated. Backing up a volume Catalyst Prepare allows you to create verified backups of your discs and cards. A backup is an exact replica of the original storage media - with all files and volume structure - backed up for long-term safety and storage. 1. Click the Organize button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. The Places pane on the left side of the Catalyst Prepare window displays a list of the available volumes. 2. Select a volume in the Places pane. 3. Click the Back Up Source button at the bottom of the Places pane. 4. The Destination folder box displays the path to the parent folder where the backup will be created. You can type a path in the box or click the Browse button to choose a folder. 5. The Subfolder box displays the name of the folder where the backup will be created. 6. Choose a setting from the Verification mode drop-down list to choose the method (MD5, SHA1, CRC32, or xxHash64) that will be used to verify your backup file, or choose None to skip verification. 7. Click OK to start the backup. 58 CHAPTER 2 Chapter 3 Finding media Media Browser mode allows you to browse your computer for media files that you want to add to your media libraries, organize the clips in your media libraries, export clips to additional volumes or devices, and transcode files. For more information, see "Adding media to a library" on page 12 or "Organizing media in a library" on page 18. FINDING MEDIA 59 on a thumbnail indicates that an error was detected with the clip. indicates a clip from an Optical Disc Archive volume. on a thumbnail indicates a clip that contains stabilization metadata. For more information, see "Stabilizing clips" on page 121. The stabilize icon is not displayed for clips on FTP devices, XDCAM Station volumes via CIFS, XDCAM decks, XDCAM Drive units, or Optical Disc Archive volumes.on a thumbnail indicates a rotated clip. For more information, see "Working with rotated clips." on a thumbnail indicates that a clip spans multiple discs on an Optical Disc Archive volume. When you play a clip that spans discs, an indicator is displayed in the timeline to identify the point where the clip switches discs: on a thumbnail indicates a clip that spans multiple files due to file-size limitations but is displayed in Catalyst Prepare as a single virtual clip. Spanned XDCAM EX clips can be transcoded directly, but AVCHD clips must be copied first. To transcode spanned AVCHD clips, first copy them to a new folder. After the copy is complete, the indicator is removed, and the clips are combined in a new clip that you can transcode. For more information, see "Exporting media from a library" on page 26 or "Exporting media from a library" on page 26. on a thumbnail indicates a proxy clip that does not have a full-resolution clip available. Clip lists and spanned clips are not supported in Catalyst Prepare libraries. Connect to a device via FTP You can use Catalyst Prepare to work with clips on a remote server using FTP/FTPS in much the same way you work with clips on your computer's drives. For more information, see "Working with FTP devices" on page 26. 60 CHAPTER 3 Format a USB drive for PZW-4000 Select a USB drive in the Devices tab, click the Tools button , and choose Format for PZW-4000 from the menu. If the drive you want to format is not displayed in the Devices tab, you may need to format it using your computer's operating system first. After formatting the drive, the drive will be treated as read-only media by the PZW-4000. Catalyst Prepare can write to the drive, and the PZW-4000 can import clips to its internal drive. If you want to create the XDROOT folder on a formatted drive, select a USB drive in Organize mode, click the Tools button, and choose Create XDROOT folder from the menu. FINDING MEDIA 61 Displaying files in a list or thumbnail mode Click the button to toggle thumbnail and list mode. In thumbnail mode ( ), the Media Browser displays thumbnail images and file names. In list mode ( ), you can click the headings in the Media Browser to sort the file list by various attributes. Click the heading again to sort in ascending or descending order. An arrow is displayed to indicate the current sorting method: 62 CHAPTER 3 Searching for clips 1. Select the folder you want to search. Subfolders will be included in your search. 2. Click the Search button to display the Search bar at the top of the Media Browser. 3. Type your search terms in the Search bar. The Media Browser displays all clips in the selected folder that contain your search terms in the file name or Summary metadata. Select a clip and click Go to folder to navigate to a clip's folder. Click the Close button to close the Search bar and clear the search results from the Media Browser. Select a different folder to clear your search terms and start a new search in the selected folder. Filtering clips You can use the Filter button to filter the contents of the Media Browser. You can filter files by file type, file format, date created, or flag metadata. 1. Select the folder you want to view. 2. Click the Filter button to display the Filter By menu at the top of the Media Browser. 3. Enable the Filter switch at the top of the menu to enable the filter. FINDING MEDIA 63 4. Select the check box for each filter you want to apply. For the Type, Format, and Flag filters, you can choose is or is not to indicate whether files that match the filter should be included or excluded from the Media Browser. For the Date Created filter, you can choose to display files created on or before a date, on or after a date, or between two dates. To turn off the filter and display all files in the Media Browser, turn off the Filter switch at the top of the menu. Using filtering, you can quickly find and select clips that you had tagged OK during shooting and copy or transcode the filtered clips. For more information, see "Transcoding clips" on page 38 or "Copying clips to a device" on page 46. Selecting files n Click a file to select it. Growing MXF files are displayed with the following icon: Copying is not available when growing and nongrowing files are selected. n Hold Shift and click the first and last file you want to select to select a range of files. n Hold Ctrl (Windows) or Command (macOS) to select multiple files. Click the Select button to select multiple files without using keyboard modifiers. Showing source clips 1. Select a file. 2. Click the File/Clip button at the bottom of the Media Browser and choose Show in Finder (macOS) or Show in Explorer (Windows) to view the source clip in its containing folder. Managing SxS and Professional Disc volumes If you need to format an SxS card, please use the Memory Media Utility. If you need to format or finalize an XDCAM Professional Disc volume, please use the XDCAM Drive Software.64 CHAPTER 3 Supported video formats for reading Catalyst Prepare supports reading the following video formats from volumes or as independent clips: XDCAM SD format Format Frame Frame Size Rate Field Order 720x480 59.94i Lower 720x576 50i Lower Video Codec Bit Rate Audio Channels 25 CBR 4x16 bit 25 CBR 4x16 bit MPEG IMX 720x512 59.94i Upper MPEG-2 Intra 30, 40, 50 4x24 bit / CBR 8x16 bit MPEG IMX 720x608 50i Upper MPEG-2 Intra 30, 40, 50 4x24 bit / CBR 8x16 bit Uncompressed 720x486 59.94i Upper Uncompressed 90 CBR 4x24 bit / 8x16 bit Uncompressed 720x576 50i Upper Uncompressed 90 CBR 4x24 bit / 8x16 bit HD format Format Frame Size Pixel Aspect Frame Rate Video Codec Bit Rate Ratio MPEG HD 1280x720 1.0 50p, 59.94p MPEG-2 Long 25 CBR GOP MPEG HD 1280x720 1.0 50p, 59.94p MPEG-2 Long 35 VBR GOP MPEG HD 1280x720 1.0 50p, 59.94p MPEG-2 Long 50 CBR GOP MPEG HD 1440x1080 1.333 23.976p, 25p, 29.97p, MPEG-2 Long 17.5 CBR 50i, 59.94i GOP MPEG HD 1440x1080 1.333 23.976p, 25p, 29.97p, MPEG-2 Long 25 CBR 50i, 59.94i GOP MPEG HD 1440x1080 1.333 23.976p, 25p, 29.97p, MPEG-2 Long 35 CBR FINDING MEDIA 65 Format Frame Size Pixel Aspect Frame Rate Video Codec Bit Rate Ratio 50i, 59.94i GOP MPEG HD 1440x540 0.667 23.976p, 25p, 29.97p, MPEG-2 Long 8.75 CBR Over Crank GOP MPEG HD 1440x540 0.667 23.976p, 25p, 29.97p, MPEG-2 Long 12.5 CBR Over Crank GOP MPEG HD 1440x540 0.667 23.976p, 25p, 29.97p, MPEG-2 Long 17.5 CBR Over Crank GOP 1920x1080 1.0 23.976p, 25p, 29.97p, MPEG-2 Long 35 CBR, 50 50i, 59.94i GOP CBR 1920x540 0.5 23.976p, 25p, 29.97p, MPEG-2 Long 25 CBR Over Crank GOP MPEG HD422 MPEG HD422 XDCAM EX Format Frame Size Pixel Frame Rate Aspect Ratio Field Order Video Codec Audio Codec Bit Rate 720x480 0.9091 59.94p Lower PCM, 48 kHz, 16 CBR bit 720x576 1.0926 50i Lower PCM, 48 kHz, 16 CBR bit MPEG 1280x720 1.0 23.976p, 25p, MPEG-2 PCM, 48 HD (EX- HQ) 29.97p, 50p, 59.94p MPEG 1440x1080 1.333 50i, 59.94i HD (EX- SP) Long GOP kHz, 16 VBR bit MPEG-2 PCM, 48 Long GOP kHz, 16 CBR bit MPEG 1440x1080 1.333 23.976p, 25p, MPEG-2 PCM, 48 HD (EX- HQ) 29.97p, 50i, 59.94i Long GOP kHz, 16 VBR bit MPEG 1920x1080 1.0 23.976p, 25p, MPEG-2 PCM, 48 HD422 29.97p, 50i, 59.94i Long kHz, 16 VBR 66 CHAPTER 3 Format Frame Size Pixel Frame Rate Aspect Ratio Field Order Video Codec Audio Codec Bit Rate (EX-HQ) GOP bit FINDING MEDIA 67 XAVC Intra Format Frame Size Pixel Frame Rate Aspect Ratio Video Codec Audio Bit Channels Rate (PCM, 48 kHz, 24 bit) XAVC Intra 1440x1080 1.333 50i, 59.94i, MPEG-4 23.976p, 25p, AVC Intra 29.97p XAVC Intra 1920x1080 1.0 50i, 59.94i, MPEG-4 8, 16 23.976p, 25p, AVC Intra 29.97p, 50p, 59.94p XAVC Intra 1920x1080 1.0 50i, 59.94i, MPEG-4 23.976p, 25p, AVC Intra 29.97p, 50p, 59.94p XAVC Intra 1920x1080 1.0 50p, 50i, 59.94p, MPEG-4 HFR 59.94i AVC Intra XAVC Intra 2048x1080 1.0 23.976p, 24p, 25p, MPEG-4 29.97p, 50p, AVC Intra 59.94p XAVC Intra 2048x1080 1.0 23.976p, 24p, 25p, MPEG-4 8, 16 29.97p, 50p, AVC Intra 59.94p CBG CBG 100 CBG 200 CBG 100 VBR CBG 100 XAVC Intra 3840x2160 1.0 23.976p, 25p, MPEG-4 VBR 29.97p, 50p, AVC Intra 59.94p XAVC Intra 3840x2160 1.0 23.976p, 25p, MPEG-4 8, 16 29.97p, 50p, AVC Intra 59.94p CBG 300 XAVC Intra 4096x2160 1.0 23.976p, 24p, 25p, MPEG-4 VBR 29.97p, 50p, AVC Intra 59.94p XAVC Intra 4096x2160 1.0 23.976p, 24p, 25p, MPEG-4 8, 16 29.97p, 50p, AVC Intra 59.94p CBG 300 68 CHAPTER 3 XAVC Long-GOP Format Frame Size Pixel Frame Video Codec Audio Bit Rate Aspect Rate Ratio XAVC Long 1280x720 1.0 50p, 59.94p MPEG-4 4-channel AVC Long, PCM, 48 (Maximum) High 422 kHz, 24 bit Profile XAVC Long 1920x1080 1.0 23.976p, MPEG-4 4-channel 25p, AVC Long, PCM, 48 (Maximum) 29.97p, High 422 kHz, 24 bit 50p, 50i, Profile 59.94p, 59.94i XAVC Long 3840x2160 1.0 23.976p, MPEG-4 4-channel 200 25p, AVC Long, PCM, 48 (Maximum) 29.97p, High Profile kHz, 24 bit 50p, 59.94p XAVC Long 480x270 1.0 23.976p, MPEG-4 MPEG-4 1 or .5 Mbps Proxy 25p, AVC Long, AAC, 2 29.97p, High Profile channels, 50p, 59.94p 48 kHz, 256 kbps MPEG-4 AAC, 6 (5.1) channels, 48 kHz, 640 kbps XAVC Long 640x360 1.0 23.976p, MPEG-4 MPEG-4 3 Mbps Proxy 25p, AVC Long, AAC, 2 29.97p, High Profile channels, 50p, 59.94p 48 kHz, 256 kbps MPEG-4 FINDING MEDIA 69 Format Frame Size Pixel Frame Video Codec Audio Bit Rate Aspect Rate Ratio AAC, 6 (5.1) channels, 48 kHz, 640 kbps XAVC Long 1280x720 1.0 23.976p, MPEG-4 MPEG-4 9 Mbps Proxy 25p, AVC Long, AAC, 2 29.97p, High Profile channels, 50p, 59.94p 48 kHz, 256 kbps MPEG-4 AAC, 6 (5.1) channels, 48 kHz, 640 kbps 70 CHAPTER 3 XAVC S Format Frame Size Pixel Frame Rate Video Codec Audio Aspect Ratio Bit Rate XAVC Long 480x270 1.0 23.976p, MPEG-4 AVC MPEG-4 AAC, Proxy 25p, Long, High 2 channels, 48 29.97p, Profile kHz, 256 kbps 50p, 59.94p XAVC Long 640x360 1.0 23.976p, MPEG-4 AVC MPEG-4 AAC, Proxy 25p, Long, High 2 channels, 48 29.97p, Profile kHz, 256 kbps 50p, 59.94p XAVC Long 1280x720 1.0 23.976p, MPEG-4 AVC 2-channel PCM 25p, Long, Main or AAC, 48 29.97p, Profile or High kHz, 16 bit 50p, 59.94p Profile 4-channel PCM or AAC, 48 kHz, 24 bit XAVC Long 1280x720 1.0 23.976p, MPEG-4 AVC MPEG-4 AAC, Proxy 25p, Long, High 2 channels, 48 29.97p, Profile kHz, 256 kbps 50p, 59.94p XAVC Long 1280x720 1.0 100p, MPEG-4 AVC 2-channel PCM 119.88p Long, Main or AAC, 48 Profile or High kHz, 16 bit Profile 4-channel PCM or AAC, 48 kHz, 24 bit XAVC Long 1440x1080 1.0 23.976p, MPEG-4 AVC 2-channel PCM 25p, Long, Main or AAC, 48 29.97p, Profile or High kHz, 16 bit 50p, 59.94p Profile 4-channel PCM or AAC, 48 kHz, 24 bit FINDING MEDIA 71 Format Frame Size Pixel Frame Rate Video Codec Audio Aspect Ratio Bit Rate XAVC Long 1920x1080 1.0 23.976p, MPEG-4 AVC 2-channel PCM 25p, Long, Main or AAC, 48 29.97p, Profile or High kHz, 16 bit 50p, 59.94p Profile 4-channel PCM or AAC, 48 kHz, 24 bit XAVC Long 1920x1080 1.0 100p, MPEG-4 AVC 2-channel PCM 150 119.88p Long, Main or AAC, 48 Profile or High kHz, 16 bit Profile 4-channel PCM or AAC, 48 kHz, 24 bit XAVC Long 1920x1080 1.0 23.976p, MPEG-4 AVC MPEG-4 AAC, Proxy 25p, Long, High 2 channels, 48 29.97p, Profile kHz, 256 kbps 50p, 59.94p XAVC Long 3840x2160 1.0 23.976p, MPEG-4 AVC 2-channel PCM 188 25p, 29.97p Long, Main or AAC, 48 Profile or High kHz, 16 bit Profile 4-channel PCM or AAC, 48 kHz, 24 bit XAVC Long 3840x2160 1.0 50p, 59.94p MPEG-4 AVC 2-channel PCM 200 Long, Main or AAC, 48 Profile or High kHz, 16 bit Profile 4-channel PCM or AAC, 48 kHz, 24 bit XAVC Long 3840x2160 1.0 100p, MPEG-4 AVC 2-channel PCM 200 119.88p Long, Main or AAC, 48 Profile or High kHz, 16 bit Profile 4-channel PCM or AAC, 48 72 CHAPTER 3 Format Frame Size Pixel Frame Rate Video Codec Audio Aspect Ratio kHz, 24 bit Bit Rate FINDING MEDIA 73 XAVC HS Format Frame Size Pixel Frame Rate Aspect Ratio Video Codec Audio Bit Rate HEVC Proxy 1920x1080 1.0 23.976p, 30p, HEVC 2-channel PCM, 50p, 59.94, 100p, Long, 10- 48 kHz, 16 bit or 119,98p bit, 4:2:0 24 bit HEVC 3840x2160 1.0 23.976p HEVC 2-channel PCM, Long, 10- 48 kHz, 16 bit or bit, 4:2:0 24 bit 4-channel PCM, 48 kHz, 16 bit or 24 bit HEVC 3840x2160 1.0 50p HEVC 2-channel PCM, Long, 10- 48 kHz, 16 bit or bit, 4:2:0 24 bit 4-channel PCM, 48 kHz, 16 bit or 24 bit HEVC 3840x2160 1.0 59.94p HEVC 2-channel PCM, Long, 10- 48 kHz, 16 bit or bit, 4:2:0 24 bit 4-channel PCM, 48 kHz, 16 bit or 24 bit HEVC 3840x2160 1.0 100p HEVC 2-channel PCM, 200 Long, 10- 48 kHz, 16 bit or bit, 4:2:0 24 bit 4-channel PCM, 48 kHz, 16 bit or 24 bit HEVC 3840x2160 1.0 119.88p HEVC 2-channel PCM, 200 Long, 10- 48 kHz, 16 bit or bit, 4:2:0 24 bit 74 CHAPTER 3 Format Frame Size Pixel Frame Rate Aspect Ratio Video Codec Audio Bit Rate HEVC 3840x2160 1.0 23.976p HEVC 2-channel PCM, 4-channel PCM, 48 kHz, 16 bit or 24 bit Long, 10- 48 kHz, 16 bit or bit, 4:2:2 24 bit 4-channel PCM, 48 kHz, 16 bit or 24 bit HEVC 3840x2160 1.0 50p HEVC 2-channel PCM, 200 Long, 10- 48 kHz, 16 bit or bit, 4:2:2 24 bit 4-channel PCM, 48 kHz, 16 bit or 24 bit HEVC 3840x2160 1.0 59.94p HEVC 2-channel PCM, 100 Long, 10- 48 kHz, 16 bit or bit, 4:2:2 24 bit 4-channel PCM, 48 kHz, 16 bit or 24 bit HEVC 3840x2160 1.0 100p HEVC 2-channel PCM, 280 Long, 10- 48 kHz, 16 bit or bit, 4:2:2 24 bit 4-channel PCM, 48 kHz, 16 bit or 24 bit HEVC 3840x2160 1.0 119.88p HEVC 2-channel PCM, 280 Long, 10- 48 kHz, 16 bit or bit, 4:2:2 24 bit 4-channel PCM, 48 kHz, 16 bit or 24 bit FINDING MEDIA 75 Format Frame Size Pixel Frame Rate Aspect Ratio Video Codec Audio Bit Rate HEVC 7680x4320 1.0 23.976p, 25p, HEVC 2-channel PCM, 204 29.97p Long, 10- 48 kHz, 16 bit or bit, 4:2:0 24 bit 76 CHAPTER 3 XAVC Proxy Format Frame Size Frame Rate Video Codec Audio Bit Rate XAVC Proxy 480x270 23.976p, 25p, MPEG-4 AVC MPEG-4 AAC, 2 29.97p, 50p, Long, Main Profile channels, 48 kHz, 59.94p 256 kbps XAVC Proxy 640x360 23.976p, 25p, MPEG-4 AVC MPEG-4 AAC, 2 29.97p, 50p, Long, Main Profile channels, 48 kHz, 59.94p 256 kbps XAVC Proxy 720x480 59.94i MPEG-4 AVC MPEG-4 AAC, 2 Long, Main Profile channels, 48 kHz, 256 kbps XAVC Proxy 720x576 50i MPEG-4 AVC MPEG-4 AAC, 2 Long, Main Profile channels, 48 kHz, 256 kbps XAVC Proxy 1280x720 23.976p, 25p, MPEG-4 AVC MPEG-4 AAC, 2 29.97p, 50p, Long, Main Profile channels, 48 kHz, 59.94p or High Profile 256 kbps XAVC Proxy 1920x1080 50i, 59.94i, MPEG-4 AVC MPEG-4 AAC, 2 23.976p, 25p, Long, Main Profile channels, 48 kHz, 29.97p, 50p, or High Profile 256 kbps 59.94p X-OCN Format Frame Size Bits Frame Rate Quality X-OCN 2048x1080 23.976p, 24p, 25p, 29.97p, 50p, 59.94p, HFR (max.LT, ST, XT 240) X-OCN 3840x2160 23.976p, 24p, 25p, 29.97p, 50p, 59.94p, HFR (max. LT, ST, XT 120p) X-OCN 4096x1716 X-OCN 4096x2160 23.976p, 24p, 25p, 29.97p LT, ST, XT 23.976p, 24p, 25p, 29.97p, 50p, 59.94p, HFR (max. LT, ST, XT 120p) X-OCN 4096x3024 23.976p, 24p, 25p, 29.97p, LT, ST, XT FINDING MEDIA 77 Format Frame Size Bits Frame Rate X-OCN 4096x3432 X-OCN 6048x2534 X-OCN 6054x3192 X-OCN 5674x3192 X-OCN 6054x3272 X-OCN 6048x4032 23.976p, 24p, 25p, 29.97p 23.976p, 24p, 25p, 29.97p 23.976p, 24p, 25p, 29.97p 23.976p, 24p, 25p, 29.97p 23.976p, 24p, 25p, 29.97p 23.976p, 24p, 25p RAW Quality LT, ST, XT LT, ST, XT LT, ST, XT LT, ST, XT LT, ST, XT LT, ST, XT Format Frame Size Bits Frame Rate Compression F5/F55RAW 2048x1080 23.976p, 24p, 25p, 29.97p, 50p, 59.94p, HFR (max. 240) F5/F55RAW 3840x2160 23.976p, 24p, 25p, 29.97p, 50p, 59.94p, HFR (max. 120p) F5/F55RAW 4096x2160 23.976p, 24p, 25p, 29.97p, 50p, 59.94p, HFR (max. 120p) F65RAW 4096x2160 23.976p, 24p, 25p, 29.97p, 50p, 59.94p, Lite, SQ HFR (max. 120) FS700RAW 2048x1080 23.976p, 25p, 29.97p, 50p, 59.94p, HFR (max. 240) FS700RAW 4096x2160 23.976p, 25p, 29.97p, 50p, 59.94p, HFR HDCAM SR (SStP) Format Frame Size Bits SSTP 1280x720 SSTP 1920x1080 (max. 120) Pixel Aspect Ratio 1.0 1.0 Color Space YUV 422 YUV 422 Frame Rate Compression (Mbps) 50p, 59.94p Lite(220), SQ (440) 50i, 59.94i, 23.976p, Lite(220), SQ 24p, 25p, 29.97p, 50p, (440) 59.94p 78 CHAPTER 3 Format Frame Size Bits Color Space Pixel Aspect Ratio Frame Rate Compression (Mbps) SSTP 1920x1080 SSTP 1920x1080 SSTP 2048x1080 SSTP 2048x1080 SSTP 2048x1080 SSTP 2048x1080 SSTP 2048x1080 SSTP 2048x1080 SSTP 2048x1080 SSTP 2048x1556 RGB 444 RGB 444 YUV 422 RGB 444 RGB 444 RGB 444 RGB 444 RGB 444 RGB 444 RGB 444 1.0 50i, 59.94i, 23.976p, SQ(440), HQ 24p, 25p, 29.97p, 50p, (880) 59.94p 1.0 50i, 59.94i, 23.976p, HQ(880) 24p, 25p, 29.97p, 50p, 59.94p 50p, 59.94p Lite(220), SQ (440) 50i, 59.94i, 23.976p, SQ(440) 24p, 25p, 29.97p 23.976p, 24p, 25p, HQ(880) 29.97p 50i, 59.94i, 23.976p, SQ(440) 24p, 25p, 29.97p 23.976p, 24p, 25p, HQ(880) 29.97p, 50p, 59.94p 23.976p, 24p, 25p, SQ(440) 29.97p 23.976p, 24p, 25p, HQ(880) 29.97p, 50p, 59.94p 23.976p, 24p, 25p HQ(880) 1.0 1.0 1.0 1.0 1.0 1.0 1.0 1.0 FINDING MEDIA 79 NXCAM Format Frame Size Pixel Frame Rate Video Codec Aspect Ratio Audio Codec Bit Rate AVCHD 1920x1080 1.0 59.94p, 50p, H.264/MPEG-4 Dolby AC-3 AVC or PCM Mbps 2 channels, 48 kHz, 16 bit AVCHD 1920x1080 1.0 59.94i, 50i, H.264/MPEG-4 Dolby AC-3 24 or 29.97p, 25p, AVC 23.976p or PCM 2 channels, Mbps 48 kHz, 16 bit AVCHD 1280x720 1.0 59.94p, 50p H.264/MPEG-4 Dolby AC-3 24 or AVC or PCM 2 channels, Mbps 48 kHz, 16 bit AVCHD 1440x1080 1.333 59.94i, 50i H.264/MPEG-4 Dolby AC-3 9 or 5 AVC or PCM Mbps 2 channels, 48 kHz, 16 bit MPEG-2 720x480 0.9091 or 23.976p, 29.97p, MPEG-2 Dolby AC-3 9 Mbps 1.2121 59.94i 2 channels, 48 kHz, 16 bit MPEG-2 720x576 1.0926 or 25p, 50i MPEG-2 Dolby AC-3 9 Mbps 1.4568 2 channels, 48 kHz, 16 bit 80 CHAPTER 3 AVC H.264/MPEG-4 Format Frame Size Screen Frame Rate Aspect Ratio Video Codec Audio Codec Bit Rate H.264/MPEG-4 1280x720 16:9 50p, 100p, 120p, AVC Mono, 48kHz, AVC AAC compression w/ AGC H.264/MPEG-4 1920x1080 16:9 24p, 25p, 30p, AVC Mono, 48kHz, AVC 48p, 50p, 60p AAC compression w/ AGC H.264/MPEG-4 1920x1440 4:3 24p, 25p, 30p, AVC Mono, 48kHz, AVC 48p AAC compression w/ AGC H.264/MPEG-4 3840x2160 16:9 23.97p.24p, 25p, AVC Mono, 48kHz, AVC 29.97p, 50p, 59.94p AAC compression w/ AGC H.264/MPEG-4 4096x2160 17:9 12p AVC Mono, 48kHz, AVC AAC compression w/ AGC H.264/MPEG-4 2704x1524 16:9 25p, 30p AVC Mono, 48kHz, AVC AAC compression w/ AGC H.264/MPEG-4 2704x1440 17:9 24p AVC Mono, 48kHz, AVC AAC compression w/ AGC H.264/MPEG-4 1280x960 4:3 48p, 100p AVC Mono, 48kHz, AVC AAC compression w/ AGC FINDING MEDIA 81 Format Frame Size Screen Frame Rate Video Codec Audio Codec Bit Rate Aspect Ratio 16:9 H.264/MPEG-4 848x480 AVC 240p AVC Mono, 48kHz, AAC compression w/ AGC H.264/MPEG-4 640x480 4:3 25p, 30p AVC Mono, 48kHz, AVC AAC compression w/ AGC H.264/MPEG-4 240x180 25p, 29.97p AVC 2 channels, 16 AVC bit, AAC compression w/ AGC H.264/MPEG-4 320x180 25p, 29.97p AVC 2 channels, 16 AVC bit, AAC compression w/ AGC H.264/MPEG-4 320x240 25p, 29.97p AVC 2 channels, 16 AVC bit, AAC compression w/ AGC H.264/MPEG-4 480x270 25p, 29.97p AVC 2 channels, 16 AVC bit, AAC compression w/ AGC H.264/MPEG-4 640x480 25p, 29.97p AVC 2 channels, 16 AVC H.264/MPEG-4 1280x720 AVC 50p, 60p, 100p,120p bit, AAC compression w/ AGC AVC 2 channels, 16 bit, AAC compression w/ AGC H.264/MPEG-4 1280x960 48p, 100p,120p AVC 2 channels, 16 AVC bit, AAC 82 CHAPTER 3 Format Frame Size Screen Frame Rate Aspect Ratio Video Codec Audio Codec Bit Rate compression w/ AGC H.264/MPEG-4 1920x1080 24p, 25p, 29.97p, AVC 2 channels, 16 AVC 48p, 50p, 60p bit, AAC compression w/ AGC H.264/MPEG-4 1920x1440 24p, 25p, 29.97p, AVC 2 channels, 16 AVC 48p bit, AAC compression w/ AGC H.264/MPEG-4 2704x1524 24p, 25p, 29.97p AVC 2 channels, 16 AVC bit, AAC compression w/ AGC H.264/MPEG-4 3840x2160 23.97p.24p, 25p, AVC 2 channels, 16 AVC 29.97p, 50p, 59.94p bit, AAC compression w/ AGC H.264/MPEG-4 4096x2160 12p AVC 2 channels, 16 AVC bit, AAC compression w/ AGC H.264/MPEG-4 720x480 59.94i AVC 2 channels, 16 AVC (HVO) bit, AAC compression w/ AGC H.264/MPEG-4 720x576 50i AVC 2 channels, 16 AVC (HVO) bit, AAC compression w/ AGC FINDING MEDIA 83 Frame Size Frame Rate Video Codec Audio Codec Bit Rate 720x576 MPEG-2 Intra PCM, 48 kHz, 24 bit MPEG-4 AVC Intra PCM, 48 kHz, 24 bit AS-11 DPP MXF Format IMX-50 XAVC Intra 1920x1080 84 CHAPTER 3 Avid DNxHD® Container: MOV or MXF Audio Codec: PCM 44.1 kHz or 48 kHz, 16 bit or 24 bit Frame Size Family Name Color Frame Rate/Maximum Bit Rate Space/Bits 1920x1080 Avid DNxHD® 4:4:4 10 bit 29.97p @ 440 Mbps, 25p @ 365 Mbps, 24p @ 350 444 Mbps, 23.976p @ 350 Mbps 1920x1080 Avid DNxHD® 4:2:2 10 bit 60p @ 440 Mbps, 59.94p @ 440 Mbps, 50p @ 365 220x Mbps, 59.94i @ 220 Mbps, 50i @ 185 Mbps, 29.97p @ 220 Mbps, 25p @ 185 Mbps, 24p @ 175 Mbps, 23.976p @ 175 Mbps 1920x1080 Avid DNxHD® 4:2:2 8 bit 60p @ 440 Mbps, 59.94p @ 440 Mbps, 50p @ 365 220 Mbps, 59.94i @ 220 Mbps, 50i @ 185 Mbps, 29.97p @ 220 Mbps, 25p @ 185 Mbps, 24p @ 175 Mbps, 23.976p @ 175 Mbps 1920x1080 Avid DNxHD® 4:2:2 8 bit 60p @ 290 Mbps, 59.94p @ 290 Mbps, 50p @ 240 145 Mbps, 59.94i @ 145 Mbps, 50i @ 120 Mbps, 29.97p @ 145 Mbps, 25p @ 120 Mbps, 24p @ 115 Mbps, 23.976p @ 115 Mbps 1920x1080 Avid DNxHD® 4:2:2 8 bit 59.94i @ 145 Mbps, 50i @ 120 Mbps 145 (subsampled to 1440x1080) 1920x1080 Avid DNxHD® 4:2:2 8 bit 59.94i @ 100 Mbps, 50i @ 85 Mbps, 29.97p @ 100 100 (subsampled to 1440x1080) Mbps, 25p @ 85 Mbps, 24p @ 80 Mbps, 23.976p @ 80 Mbps 1920x1080 Avid DNxHD® 4:2:2 8 bit 60p @ 90 Mbps, 59.94p @ 90 Mbps, 50p @ 75 Mbps, 29.97p @ 45 Mbps, 25p @ 36 Mbps, 24p @ 36 Mbps, 23.976p @ 36 Mbps 1280x720 Avid DNxHD® 4:2:2 10 bit 59.94p @ 220 Mbps, 50p @ 175 Mbps, 29.97p @ 220x 110 Mbps, 25p @ 90 Mbps, 23.976p @ 90 Mbps 1280x720 Avid DNxHD® 4:2:2 8 bit 59.94p @ 220 Mbps, 50p @ 175 Mbps, 29.97p @ 220 110 Mbps, 25p @ 90 Mbps, 23.976p @ 90 Mbps FINDING MEDIA 85 Frame Size Family Name Color Frame Rate/Maximum Bit Rate Space/Bits 1280x720 Avid DNxHD® 4:2:2 8 bit 59.94p @ 145 Mbps, 50p @ 115 Mbps, 29.97p @ 75 145 Mbps, 25p @ 60 Mbps, 23.976p @ 60 Mbps 1280x720 Avid DNxHD® 4:2:2 8 bit 59.94p @ 100 Mbps, 50p @ 85 Mbps, 29.97p @ 50 100 (subsampled to 960x720) Mbps, 25p @ 45 Mbps, 23.976p @ 50 Mbps 86 CHAPTER 3 Apple ProRes Container: MOV Audio Codec: PCM Format Frame Size Frame Rate Video Codec ProRes 720x486 59.94i, 30p, 29.97p, 24p, 422 (proxy), 422 (LT), 422, 422 (HQ), 23.976p 4444, 4444 XQ (Windows only) ProRes 720x576 50i, 25p 422 (proxy), 422 (LT), 422, 422 (HQ), 4444, 4444 XQ (Windows only) ProRes 960x720 60p, 59.94p, 50p, 30p,29.97p, 422 (proxy), 422 (LT), 422, 422 (HQ), 24p, 23.976p 4444, 4444 XQ (Windows only) ProRes 1280x720 60p, 59.94p, 50p, 30p,29.97p, 422 (proxy), 422 (LT), 422, 422 (HQ), 24p, 23.976p 4444, 4444 XQ (Windows only) ProRes 1280x1080 59.94i, 30p, 29.97p, 24p, 422 (proxy), 422 (LT), 422, 422 (HQ), 23.976p 4444, 4444 XQ (Windows only) ProRes 1440x1080 59.94i, 50i, 30p, 29.97p, 25p, 422 (proxy), 422 (LT), 422, 422 (HQ), 24p, 23.976p 4444, 4444 XQ (Windows only) ProRes 1920x1080 60p, 59.94p, 50p, 59.94i, 50i, 422 (proxy), 422 (LT), 422, 422 (HQ), 30p, 29.97p, 25p, 24p, 23.976p 4444, 4444 XQ (Windows only) ProRes 2048x1080 60p, 59.94p, 50p, 30p, 29.97p, 422 (proxy), 422 (LT), 422, 422 (HQ), 25p, 24p, 23.976p 4444, 4444 XQ (Windows only) ProRes 2048x1556 60p, 59.94p, 50p, 30p, 29.97p, 422 (proxy), 422 (LT), 422, 422 (HQ), 25p, 24p, 23.976p 4444, 4444 XQ (Windows only) ProRes 3840x2160 60p, 59.94p, 50p, 30p, 29.97p, 422 (proxy), 422 (LT), 422, 422 (HQ), 25p, 24p, 23.976p 4444, 4444 XQ (Windows only) ProRes 4096x2160 60p, 59.94p, 50p, 30p, 29.97p, 422 (proxy), 422 (LT), 422, 422 (HQ), 25p, 24p, 23.976p 4444, 4444 XQ (Windows only) ProRes 5120x2160 60p, 59.94p, 50p, 30p, 29.97p, 422 (proxy), 422 (LT), 422, 422 (HQ), 25p, 24p, 23.976p 4444 , 4444 XQ (Windows only) HDV Container: MPEG-2 Transport Stream (Windows), MOV (macOS) Audio Codec: MPEG-1 Audio Layer-2 (Windows).2 channels, 48 kHz, 16 bit FINDING MEDIA 87 Format Frame Size Pixel Aspect Ratio Frame Rate Interlace Video Codec HDV 1440x1080 1.333 50i, 59.94i Upper MPEG-2 MP@H14 88 CHAPTER 3 Container: AVI (Windows), MOV (macOS) Audio Codec: PCM, 2 channels, 32 kHz, 16 bit Format Frame Frame Size Rate DV (SD) 720x480 59.94i Field Order Lower Video Codec Audio Channels Bit Rate 25 CBR 2 channels, 32 kHz, 16 bit DV (SD) 720x576 50i Lower 25 CBR 2 channels, 32 kHz, 16 bit FINDING MEDIA 89 DPX Format Frame Size Frame Rate Image Sequence Any Any 90 CHAPTER 3 OpenEXR Format Frame Size Frame Rate Image Sequence Any Any Supported video devices Catalyst Prepare supports the following video volumes and devices: Folder Structure Storage Media Root Folder Supported Format XAVC-XD-Style SxS memory card XDROOT XDCAM HD/HD422/IMX/DVCAM, SStP, (exFAT) XQD memory card XAVC Intra, XAVC Long XAVC-M4-Style SxS memory card M4ROOT XAVC S, XAVC HS (exFAT) XQD memory card SD card XAVC-PX-Style SD card PXROOT XAVC Proxy AXS-Style AXS memory CINEROOT F55RAW, F5RAW, FS700RAW, X-OCN card SRM-Style SR memory card Media root F65RAW, SStP XD-Style Professional Disc Media root XDCAM HD/HD422/IMX/DVCAM, SxS memory card (UDF) XAVC Intra BPAV-Style SxS memory card BPAV XDCAM EX (MPEG HD, DVCAM) (FAT32) SD card AVCHD structure SD card AVCHD/BDMV AVCHD FINDING MEDIA 91 92 CHAPTER 3 Chapter 4 Playing media When you double-click a file in Media Browser mode, the file is loaded in Edit mode, where you can preview the file, log mark in and mark out points, and apply color correction. For more information about using Media Browser mode, please see "Organizing media in a library" on page 18. You can use the toolbar at the top of the pane to adjust and monitor audio levels, select audio channels for preview, scale the video preview, view metadata, and adjust clip settings. You can use the transport toolbar below the video to choose the playback mode, scrub the video, and control playback. Previewing video When you double-click a file in Media Browser mode, the file is loaded in Edit mode, where you can preview the file, log mark in and mark out points, and apply color correction. For more information about using Media Browser mode, please see "Organizing media in a library" on page 18. You can also choose to display the video preview in a secondary window that you can position anywhere on your screen or on a secondary display. For more information, see "Editing Catalyst Prepare options" on page 155. PLAYING MEDIA 93 If you have multiple clips selected in the Media Browser on the left side of the window, the selected clips will play sequentially in the order they are displayed. The file name of the current file will be displayed above the video preview, and a vertical line in the timeline indicates where each selected clip begins: indicates a clip from an Optical Disc Archive volume. on a thumbnail indicates that a clip spans multiple discs on an Optical Disc Archive volume. When you play a clip that spans discs, an indicator is displayed in the timeline to identify the point where the clip switches discs: Enable the Preview using proxy clips switch in Options if you want to use proxy clips for playback if they are available. During playback, a Proxy indicator is displayed above the video preview. For more information, see "Editing Catalyst Prepare options" on page 155. Click the Play button to start playing the current video. Playback will start from the playback position indicator and continue until the Mark Out position or the end of the file. You can click the trackbar below the transport controls to set the play position indicator: For information about flipping and rotating video, enabling anamorphic desqueezing, and displaying safe zone and mask guides, please see "Playing media" on page 102. Changing the preview mode When you're adjusting color correction, you can change the preview mode to allow you to compare adjusted clips to the original source. For more information, see "Editing Color Adjustments controls" on page 125. Click the Preview button in the top-right corner of the video preview to choose a preview mode. Split- screen previews allow you to split the video preview and waveform/histogram/vectorscope monitor so you can see your affected and unaffected video at the same time. 94 CHAPTER 4 Before: full-frame video is displayed in its original state. After: full-frame video is displayed in its color-corrected state. Split: a single frame is displayed in a split-screen view with the original video on the left and the color-corrected video on the right. If you want to move the split location, hover over the preview frame. When the split point is displayed, you can drag the handles at the top of bottom of the screen to adjust where the preview is split: 2 Up: two full frames are displayed in a split-screen view with the original video on the left and the color-corrected video on the right.PLAYING MEDIA 95 Scaling the video preview Click the magnifying glass to adjust the size of the video preview. n Click Fit to scale the video to fill the Video pane. n Click a preset to scale the video to a predefined magnification level. When the level is below 100%, you can drag the blue rectangle to pan and adjust the visible portion of the frame. n Drag the slider or click the and buttons to choose a custom zoom level. n Click the thumbnail and roll your mouse wheel to zoom in or out. Toggling full-screen playback Click to display the Video pane in full-screen mode. Press Esc or click the Close button to exit full- screen mode. Adjusting playback settings Click the Playback Settings button to the left of the transport controls to display the Playback Settings controls. Speed/Quality Select Speed if you want decoding to be optimized to preserve the frame rate. Select Quality if you want decoding to be optimized to preserve video quality. 96 CHAPTER 4 When using a device other than your CPU, high-quality deinterlacing and upscaling are applied to convert SD and HD sources to modern progressive HD and UHD assets. n High-quality deinterlacing is applied to interlaced source media when playback is paused, during transcoding, and during playback when the Playback Settings Speed/Quality setting is set to Quality. n Please note that some systems with limited GPU memory are not supported. Real Time/All Frames Select Real Time if you want to play the clip using its source frame rate. Audio is played at its recorded rate, and video frames are skipped if necessary to preserve the playback rate. Select All Frames if you want to ensure that all video frames are played. The frame rate may be reduced if needed to ensure all frames are played. Audio is unavailable in this mode. If XAVC S and XAVC HS playback is not smooth, we recommend using the All Frames playback setting. n Real Time/Speed: n Real Time/Quality: n All Frames/Speed: n All Frames/Quality: Using the transport controls The transport controls below the video preview allow you to control playback: Button Description Go to Start Moves the playback position indicator to the Mark In position. Click again to move to the beginning of the selected file. Previous Moves the playback position indicator one frame or field to the left. Frame Play Next Frame Playback will start from the playback position indicator and continue until the Mark Out position or the end of the file. Moves the playback position indicator one frame or field to the right. PLAYING MEDIA 97 Button Description Go to End Moves the playback position indicator to the Mark Out position. Click again to move to the end of the selected file. Loop Plays only the area between the Mark In and Mark Out points in a continuous Playback mode. For more information, see "Marking in and out points for playback" on page 99. Navigating the timeline After you open a file in View mode, drag the shuttle control to seek forward or backward from the play position indicator to find an edit point. As you drag toward the ends of the shuttle control, playback speed increases. Release the shuttle control to stop playback: You can also press the J, K, or L keys to use the keyboard as a shuttle control. Press and hold K while pressing J or L to emulate a shuttle knob mode. Press K+J to scrub left or K+L to scrub right. Item Description Scrub reverse mode. Press again to accelerate the playback rate. Pause. Scrub forward mode. Press again to accelerate the playback rate. 98 CHAPTER 4 Marking in and out points for playback If you want to play only a portion of a video, you can use the Mark In and Mark Out buttons to select the portion of the video you want to play. If mark in and out points have been set in an MXF clip, Catalyst Prepare will read the mark in/out points from metadata. After you add a clip to the library, you can choose whether to synchronize mark in/out points with the source clip: n If you want to save mark in and mark out points with the library, clear the Synchronize mark points with file check box on the Summary tab in the Inspector. For more information, see "Viewing and editing metadata" on page 105. n When the Synchronize mark points with file check box is cleared, mark in and mark out points for MXF clips are saved back to the source media when you edit them in Catalyst Prepare, and your library will be updated if the mark in and out points are edited on disk. 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window to view the Media Browser. 2. Double-click a file in Media Browser mode to load it in Edit mode. You can also use the Preview pane in Media Browser mode to adjust mark points. 3. Click the Logging button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window. 4. Click the trackbar below the transport controls to set the play position indicator: If the current clip contains discontinuous timecode, an indicator is displayed in the timeline to identify the discontinuity: 5.Click the Mark In button. The Mark In and Mark Out buttons are displayed under a Log button when the Catalyst Prepare window is too narrow to display the full toolbar. 6. Click the trackbar below the transport controls to set the play position indicator. PLAYING MEDIA 99 7. Click the Mark Out button. When you click the Play button, playback will start from the playback position indicator and continue until the Mark Out position or the end of the file. If you want to play the Mark In/Mark Out region in a continuous loop, select the Loop Playback button You can quickly log mark in/out points by clicking the In, Out, and Length boxes at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and typing new timecode values. (Not available for MXF proxy-only clips with embedded timecode.) Type new values in the Mark in and Mark out boxes on the Summary tab in the Inspector to edit the clip's mark in and mark out points. (Not available for MXF proxy-only clips with embedded timecode.) For more information, see "Viewing and editing metadata" on page 105. You can adjust mark in/out points by dragging the indicators above the trackbar. To reset mark in/out points, click the More button and choose Reset mark in/out points. If the current file contains essence marks, they will be displayed on the timeline as diamonds . Essence marks are displayed in the Mark Points tab in metadata mode. For more information, see "Viewing and editing metadata" on page 105. When browsing your library, an indicator is displayed to represent a clip's mark in/out points: Creating a snapshot of a frame If you want to create a snapshot of the current frame, click the More button and choose Copy snapshot to clipboard or Save snapshot. 100 CHAPTER 4 Copying a frame to the clipboard 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window to view the Media Browser. 2. Double-click a file in Media Browser mode to load it in Edit mode. 3. Click the trackbar below the transport controls to set the play position indicator: 4. Click the More button and choose Copy snapshot to clipboard. Press Ctrl+C (Windows) or ⌘ -C (macOS). The current frame is copied to the clipboard at its current resolution. For example, if you want to copy a full-resolution frame, set your zoom level to 100%. You can change the size of the image using the magnifying glass button above the video preview. For more information, see "Playing media" on page 93. Saving a frame to a file 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window to view the Media Browser. 2. Double-click a file in Media Browser mode to load it in Edit mode. 3. Click the trackbar below the transport controls to set the play position indicator: PLAYING MEDIA 101 4. Click the More button and choose Save snapshot. Press Shift+S. The current frame is saved at its current resolution. For example, if you want to save a full-resolution frame, set your zoom level to 100%. You can change the size of the image using the magnifying glass button above the video preview. For more information, see "Playing media" on page 93. You can save the location and format used for saving the file in Options. For more information, see "Editing Catalyst Prepare options" on page 155. Adjusting and monitoring audio levels Click the speaker in the activity pane at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window to display audio controls. Drag the Master Volume fader to increase or decrease audio levels. During preview, the meters allow you to monitor the level of each audio channel. If you want to choose which audio channels will be played, you can use the Channel Routing check boxes. In the example above, the 1st, 3rd, and 5th channels are played through the left speaker and the 2nd, 4th, and 6th channels are played through the right speaker. Catalyst Prepare supports only stereo output devices. Editing clip settings Click the button above the video preview to edit clip playback settings. 102 CHAPTER 4 Item Description Flip horizontal Click the Flip horizontal or Flip vertical switch to flip the left-to-right Flip vertical or top-to-bottom orientation of the video frame. Select the Use flip and desqueeze settings check box in the Export pane if you're working with video that was filmed with an anamorphic lens and want to preserve the Flip horizontal and Flip vertical, and Anamorphic desqueeze settings when transcoding. When the check box is not selected, letterboxing will be applied. For more information, see "Exporting media from a library" on page 26. Select a button to rotate the video preview image. Select Auto to use the clip-rotation metadata setting if available, or select 0, 90, 180, or 270 to specify the desired clip rotation. Select a desqueeze button to apply anamorphic stretching to widescreen video, or click Off to turn off stretching. Click the switch to enable safe area guides and a center point in the video preview.When Show safe areas is enabled, Catalyst Prepare displays rectangles marking 90% (action safe area) and 80% (title safe area) of the frame to serve as guidelines for framing. Overlays are not displayed when using full-screen preview. Rotate preview (degrees) Anamorphic desqueeze Show safe areas PLAYING MEDIA 103 Item Description Masking ratio Select a masking button to enable shading in the video preview to indicate how your content will appear. Overlays are not displayed when using full-screen preview. Select Use masking ratio from the Crop type drop-down list in the Export pane if you want to preserve the selected masking ratio when transcoding. For more information, see "Exporting media from a library" on page 26. 104 CHAPTER 4 Chapter 5 Working with clips Catalyst Prepare gives you control over your individual media clips. Viewing and editing metadata When you're in Media Browser or Edit mode, click the Inspector button in the toolbar to display metadata for the currently selected file in the Inspector pane. Click the Summary tab to view summary information associated with the file or configure audio channels. Click the File tab to view details about the source media and its metadata, including GPS information (if present). When a file contains GPS metadata, you can click the Latitude and Longitude values to display a map using the map service selected in the Open GPS links with drop-down list in the Options menu. Links are not available when multiple clips are selected. Click the Mark Points tab to view essence marks embedded in the file. If the current file contains essence marks, they will be displayed on the timeline as a diamond If the current clip contains discontinuous timecode, an indicator is displayed in the timeline to identify the discontinuity: When Catalyst creates new non-realtime (NRT) metadata during MXF copy operations, metadata for discontinuous timecode and essence marks is created. New non-realtime metadata is not created when the source clip contains NRT metadata. Setting the frame rate for a DPX or OpenEXR image sequence 1. Select a DPX or OpenEXR image sequence in the Media Browser. 2. Click the Summary tab. 3. Choose a value from the Frame rate drop-down list boxes to set the frame rate for playing the selected image sequence. WORKING WITH CLIPS 105 Editing mark in/out points Click the Summary tab. Type new values in the Mark in and Mark out boxes to edit the clip's mark in and mark out points. For more information, see "Marking in and out points for playback" on page 99. If you want to save mark in and mark out points with the library, clear the Synchronize mark points with file check box. When the Synchronize mark points with file check box is cleared, mark in and mark out points for MXF clips are saved back to the source media when you edit them in Catalyst Prepare, and your library will be updated if the mark in and out points are edited on disk. Editing summary metadata 1. Click the Summary tab. Click the Unlock button to enable editing summary information for the selected files. 2. Edit the Flag, Title, Creator, and Description settings as needed. When editing metadata for multiple selected files, (multiple values) is displayed if the files' metadata does not match. Editing the value will replace the metadata for all selected files. 106 CHAPTER 5 3. Click Save to save the edited metadata values, or click Revert to discard your edits. Not all media formats support summary metadata. When a clip has Flag metadata, an OK, NG (no good), or Keep indicator is displayed in Media Browser mode: You can also use Flag metadata to filter the contents of the Media Browser. For more information, see " Filtering clips" on page 63. Assigning audio channels Assigning audio channels allows you to set up your clips for use in Catalyst Edit. The Channel Assignment controls are not editable when multiple files with differing channel counts are selected. Channel Assignment controls are not available when no library is opened. For more information, see "Working with libraries" on page 11. Channel Assignment controls are not available when a spanned clip is selected. Channel Assignment controls are not available when editing a storyboard. Click the speaker icon to turn a channel on or off Click the Mono/Stereo button to indicate whether a channel is a mono channel or part of a stereo pair. Enabling Stereo will pair the channel with the next channel in the list. Type a name in the edit box to identify the channel. For example, you might type Lav1 to identify audio from a lavalier microphone. WORKING WITH CLIPS 107 If you want to save the current channel configuration as a preset, click the Channel Tools icon and choose Save preset from the menu. If you want to apply a preset channel configuration to the selected file, as a preset, click the Channel Tools icon and choose Load preset from the menu.If you want to copy channel assignments between files, select the source file, click the Channel Tools icon , and choose Copy from the menu. Next, select the destination files, click the Channel Tools icon , and choose Paste from the menu. If you want to set all of a clip's channels at once, click the Channel Tools button and choose Set all to mono, Set all to stereo, or Reset. Editing essence marks 1. Select a clip to display its metadata. 2. Click the Mark Points tab. 3. Click an essence mark's label or timecode value to type a new value. Adding and editing essence marks is supported only for MXF clips and requires write access to the volume. Editing essence marks is not available when FTP-based clips are selected. Adding a mark point 1. Select a clip to display its metadata. 2. Click the Mark Points tab. 3. Click the trackbar below the video preview to set the cursor position where you want to add a mark point(or click the timecode display to move the cursor to a specific location). 4. Click the Add Point button or press E. Adding and editing essence marks is supported only for MXF clips and requires write access to the volume. 108 CHAPTER 5 Deleting a mark point 1. Select a clip to display its metadata. 2. Click the Mark Points tab. 3. Click an essence mark's label or timecode to select it. 4. Click the Delete button , and then choose Delete to delete the selected mark point, or choose Delete All to delete all mark points. The Delete command is not available when FTP-based clips are selected. Exporting custom metadata Catalyst Prepare allows you to include custom metadata when exporting clips. Defining the metadata you want to export To enable custom metadata export, you'll create a configuration file named customMetadataExport.json in the following folder: 1. Close Catalyst Prepare. 2. Using a text editor, create your configuration file. The file should be structured like the following example to include the key, value pairs that you want to make available as custom metadata. The key is the metadata item, and the value will be used as the default value: "Slug": "Election", "Type":"News", "Source": "", "Shot Date": "" 3. Save the file in the following folder: Windows: C:\Users\<user>\Documents\Sony\Catalyst\ macOS: /Users/<user>/Documents/Sony/Catalyst 4. Start Catalyst Prepare. The application will detect the customMetadataExport.json file during startup and enable custom metadata export. WORKING WITH CLIPS 109 Exporting custom metadata 1. Select the clips you want to export in Media Browser or Edit mode. The left pane allows you to navigate the folders in your library, and the middle pane displays the contents of the selected folder n Click a file to select it. n Hold Shift and click the first and last file you want to select to select a range of files. n Hold Ctrl (Windows) or ⌘ (macOS) to select multiple files. Click the Select button to select multiple files without using keyboard modifiers. 2. Click the Export button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 3. Enable the Use advanced settings switch in the Export pane. 4. Select the Add custom metadata check box. An edit box is displayed for each metadata item you defined in your customMetadataExport.json file. Type the desired value for each metadata item that you want to include for the rendered file. Custom metadata is saved in a sidecar .json file. Use the controls in the Export pane to choose a destination and format for your exported file. For more information about the controls, please see "Exporting media from a library" on page 26.. If the customMetadataExport.json file is empty or incorrectly formatted, the Add custom metadata check box is unavailable. Please see "Defining the metadata you want to export" on page 109. Working with clip lists You can create and edit clip lists for the following media types: n XDCAM media in an XD root folder n XAVC media in an XD root folder n RAW media in an AxS folder 110 CHAPTER 5 A clip list is a PD-EDL (.smi) file that allows you to create a video project that is comprised of multiple, shorter video clips. Clip lists are a helpful part of a proxy workflow when working with limited bandwidth: copy the proxy clips to your computer, create a clip list using the proxy clips, and then copy the clip list back to the camera or deck. The deck will then play the clip list using your full-resolution source. If you need to create a project for other media types and don't need to write back to a camera or device, you can create a storyboard. For more information, see "Working with storyboards" on page 114. When viewing a clip list, indicates spanned clips from the same volume, and indicates spanned clips from different volumes. Clip lists and spanned clips are not supported in Catalyst Prepare libraries. Creating a clip list 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window to view the Media Browser. 2. Navigate to the root folder that contains the clips you want to use. 3.Select the files you want to include in your clip list. You can hold Shift or Control (Windows) / ⌘ (macOS) to select multiple files. 4. Click the Tools button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose New clip list from selection from the menu. If you want create a clip list without choosing clips, click the Tools button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose New empty clip list from the menu. 5. Type a name for the new clip list and click OK. 6. Catalyst Prepare loads your new clip list in View mode. Opening a clip list 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window to view the Media Browser. 2. Navigate to the root folder that contains the clip list you want to open. 3. Double-click the clip list (.smi file) to open it. WORKING WITH CLIPS 111 Rearranging clips In Clip List mode, you can add, remove, and arrange clips in the clip list. Click the Clip List button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window to switch to Clip List mode. You can drag clips within the clip list to rearrange them. Drag a clip and drop it to a new position on the clip list to change its position. Adding clips In Clip List mode, you can add, remove, and arrange clips in the clip list. Click the Clip List button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window to switch to Clip List mode. You can only add clips from the folder where the clip list (.smi) file is saved. Click the add button at the end of the clip list to display a media browser, where you can select additional clips for your clip list. You can click the Add button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window when you're in Clip List mode. When you add a clip, a vertical line is added to the timeline to indicate where each clip begins: 112 CHAPTER 5 Removing clips In Clip List mode, you can add, remove, and arrange clips in the clip list. Click the Clip List button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window to switch to Clip List mode. Select a clip and click the Remove button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window. Editing clips In Clip mode, you can log mark in and out points for your clips. You cannot add, delete or rearrange clips in Clip mode. Use Clip List mode for clip list editing. 1. Open the clip list you want to edit. 2. Click the Clip button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window to switch to Clip mode. You can also double-click a clip in Clip List mode to switch to Clip mode. 3. Select the clip you want to edit. 4. Use the Mark In and Mark Out buttons to adjust the mark in and out points for the selected clip. For more information, see "Marking in and out points for playback" on page 99. Viewing metadata for clip lists When you're in Media Browser or Edit mode, click the Inspector button in the toolbar to display metadata in the Inspector pane. In Browse mode, the Metadata pane displays additional information about the currently selected clip list. In View (Clip List or Clip) mode, the Metadata pane displays information about the selected subclip. For more information, see "Viewing and editing metadata" on page 105. Writing a clip list back to a device Select a clip list in Media Browser mode and click the Copy button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window to write a clip list back to a device. For more information, see "Exporting media from a library" on page 26. WORKING WITH CLIPS 113 Working with storyboards You can create and edit storyboards to create a video project that is comprised of multiple, shorter video clips. Storyboards are saved with the current media library. When no library is opened, storyboard support is not available. For more information, see "Creating or opening a library" on page 11. If you need to create a project that can be written back to a camera or device, you can create a PD-EDL clip list. For more information, see "Working with clip lists" on page 110. Creating a storyboard 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 2. Navigate to the folder that contains the clips you want to use. 3. Select the files you want to include in your clip list. You can hold Shift or Control (Windows) / ⌘ (macOS) to select multiple files. 4. Click the Storyboard button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose Create from selection from the menu. The Create from selection command is not available when a clip list, spanned clip ( ), or an FTP-based clip is selected. If you want create a storyboard list without choosing clips, click the Storyboard button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose Create empty from the menu. 5. Type a name for the storyboard and click OK. Opening a storyboard 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 2. Click a storyboard in the Storyboards section of the left pane. The storyboard's clips are displayed in the center pane. 114 CHAPTER 5 3. Click the Edit button to load your storyboard in Edit mode.When viewing a storyboard, indicates spanned clips from the same volume, and indicates spanned clips from different volumes. Rearranging clips In Edit mode, you can add, remove, and arrange clips. You can drag clips within the storyboard to rearrange them. Drag a clip and drop it to a new position to move it. Adding clips 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 2. Click a storyboard in the Storyboards section of the left pane. The storyboard's clips are displayed in the center pane. When the Add To button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window is selected, you can quickly add a clip to the selected storyboard by selecting it and clicking the Add button (or pressing Enter). Use the Add clip to storyboard drop-down list to select a storyboard. When you add a clip, a vertical line is added to the timeline to indicate where each clip begins: You can also drag clips from the Organize pane to a bin or storyboard in the Places pane. 3. Click the Edit button to load your storyboard in Edit mode. WORKING WITH CLIPS 115 4. Click the add button at the end of the clip list or the Add button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window to display a media browser, where you can select additional clips for your storyboard. Removing clips 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 2. Click a storyboard in the Storyboards section of the left pane. The storyboard's clips are displayed in the center pane. 3. Click the Edit button to load your storyboard in Edit mode. Select a clip and click the Remove button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window. Editing clips In Clip mode, you can log mark in and out points for your clips. You cannot add, delete, or rearrange clips in Clip or Adjust Color mode. Use Storyboard mode for clip list editing. 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 2. Click a storyboard in the Storyboards section of the left pane. The storyboard's clips are displayed in the center pane. 3. Click the Edit button to load your storyboard in Edit mode. 4. Click the Clip button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window to switch to Clip mode. You can also double-click a clip in Storyboard mode to switch to Clip mode. 5. Select the clip you want to edit. 116 CHAPTER 5 6. Use the Mark In and Mark Out buttons to adjust the mark in and out points for the selected clip. For more information, see "Marking in and out points for playback" on page 99. Editing a storyboard clip's mark in and out points does not affect other storyboards that use the same clip. Adjusting color correction for clips In Adjust Color mode, you can adjust color correction settings for each clip in a storyboard. You cannot add, delete, or rearrange clips in Clip or Adjust Color mode. Use Storyboard mode for clip list editing. 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 2. Click a storyboard in the Storyboards section of the left pane. The storyboard's clips are displayed in the center pane. 3. Click the Edit button to load your storyboard in Edit mode. 4. Click the Adjust Color button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window to switch to Adjust Color mode. In this mode, Catalyst Prepare displays a waveform/histogram/vectorscope monitor, a video preview, and color controls that you can use to adjust the appearance of your video. 5. Select the clip you want to edit. 6. Click the Inspector button in the toolbar to display the Inspector pane. In the Adjust Color workspace, the Inspector pane provides controls that you will use to adjust color-grading settings. The waveform/histogram/vectorscope monitor and video preview window allow you to monitor your progress as you adjust color values. For more information, see "Editing Color Adjustments controls" on page 125. WORKING WITH CLIPS 117 Previewing storyboards When you double-click a storyboard in Media Browser mode, the storyboard is loaded in Edit mode, where you can preview the file in the same way you preview other clips. For more information, see "Playing media" on page 93. You can select a clip to set the starting point for playback, and the clip selection will follow the cursor during playback. Exporting storyboards When you select a storyboard in Media Browser mode, you can export the storyboard in one of three ways: n You can render each of the storyboard's clips to a new format. n You can render the storyboard as a single media file. n You can export the storyboard as a project for use in another video editor. For more information, see "Exporting media from a library" on page 26, "Exporting media from a library" on page 26, or "Exporting media from a library" on page 26. Using Catalyst Prepare storyboards in Catalyst Edit Catalyst Edit provides native support for Catalyst Prepare storyboards: 1. In the Catalyst Edit Media Browser, double-click a .cpreplib file ( ).When you open a Catalyst Prepare library, the Media Browser displays all the media contained in that library sorted in bins. The default location for .cpreplib files is C:\Users\<username>\Videos\ on Windows and /Users/<username>/Movies/ on macOS. 2. Drag a storyboard bin to the Catalyst Edit timeline to add it. Viewing metadata for storyboards Click the Inspector button in the toolbar to display metadata in the Inspector pane. The Inspector pane displays information about the selected subclip. For more information, see "Viewing and editing metadata" on page 105. 118 CHAPTER 5 Renaming a storyboard 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 2. Click a storyboard in the Storyboards section of the left pane. The storyboard's clips are displayed in the center pane. 3. Click the Storyboard button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose Rename from the menu. 4. Type a name for the storyboard and click OK. Deleting a storyboard 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 2. Click a storyboard in the Storyboards section of the left pane. The storyboard's clips are displayed in the center pane. 3. Click the Storyboard button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose Delete from the menu. Working with EDLs You can use Catalyst Prepare to import an EDL. Importing an EDL 1. Click the Tools button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose Import EDL. The Import EDL dialog is displayed. 2. Select the EDL you want to import. 3. Choose a setting from the Frames per second drop-down list to set the frame rate of the EDL. 4. Click Import. The EDL Import workspace is displayed with the contents of the EDL. Linking and unlinking clips After you import an EDL, you can use the EDL Import workspace to link and unlink clips. To link your clips, select a clip, click the Link button (or double-click an unlinked clip's thumbnail) and browse for the source media. WORKING WITH CLIPS 119 If other unlinked clips exist in the folder, they will be linked automatically. If you want to link only the selected clip, clear the Automatically link clips check box. To unlink a clip, select it and click the Unlink button . If you want to unlink all clips, click the More button and choose Unlink all from the menu. Replacing clips You can use the Replace media command to replace a clip in an EDL with a different media file. 1. Select a clip in the EDL. 2. Click the More button and choose Replace media from the menu. 3. Browse to the new clip and click OK. Combining relay clips You can use Catalyst Prepare to combine AVCHD relay-recorded clips into a single clip. A relay clip is a continuous recording that spans multiple media cards. Before combining relay clips, copy them to a single folder. For more information, see "Exporting media from a library" on page 26. 1. Select the clips you want to combine. Clips must be of the same operating point and the timecode must be sequential. 2. Click the Tools button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose Combine relay clips. The Combine Relay Clips dialog is displayed. The Combine relay clips command is not available when FTP-based clips are selected. 3. In the Combined file name box, type the name you want to use for the new clip. 4. Click OK. Synchronizing multicamera clips You can use Catalyst Prepare to synchronize audio in clips from a multicamera shoot. When you synchronize clips, the mark-in points of the selected clips are adjusted as needed to allow the clips to play in synchronization. Synchronizing your clips in Catalyst Prepare streamlines the process of editing multicamera video in a nonlinear editor. 120 CHAPTER 5 1. Select the clips you want to synchronize. 2. Click the Tools button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose Synchronize multicam clips. Progress is displayed while the clips are analyzed and synchronized. The Synchronize multicam clips command is not available when FTP-based clips are selected. Stabilizing clips Catalyst Prepare allows you to use metadata from clips to stabilize the image. 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window to view the Media Browser. 2. Select the clip you want to stabilize. An on a thumbnail indicates a clip that contains stabilization metadata. The stabilize icon is not displayed for clips on FTP devices, XDCAM Station volumes via CIFS, XDCAM decks, XDCAM Drive units, or Optical Disc Archive volumes. 3. Click the Tools button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose Stabilize clip. The clip is analyzed, and the Stabilize Clip workspace is displayed. WORKING WITH CLIPS 121 4. Use the Stabilize Clip workspace to preview and adjust stabilization settings for the selected clip: a. Set the Mark In/Out points to indicate the portion of the clip you want to scan. For more information, see "Marking in and out points for playback" on page 99.If stabilization metadata is not available, it will be indicated by cross-hatching in the timeline. b. Choose a Stabilization mode setting: o Select the Auto button in the Inspector to adjust stabilization automatically. o Select the Manual button if you want to adjust stabilization settings: Item Description Cropping Drag the slider to set the maximum amount of cropping that can be ratio applied to stabilize a clip. When stabilizing a clip using a Cropping ratio setting larger than the default value, clips with significant camera shake may exhibit a black border around the frame. We recommend using a Cropping ratio setting that is close to the default value. You can double-click the slider handle to reset the setting to its default. 1. Click the Before/After button in the top-right corner of the video preview to choose a preview mode so you can compare your original and stabilized video before applying the changes, and then use the transport controls below the timeline to preview the clip. Before: the clip is displayed in its original state. After: the cropped and stabilized clip is displayed. 2. To save a clip with the stabilization settings, click the Export button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window, and use the Export pane to choose a destination and format for your exported files. For more information about the controls, please see "Exporting media from a library" on page 26. Stitching clips Catalyst Prepare allows you to use combine several clips to create a single clip. 122 CHAPTER 5 1. Select the clips you want to export in Media Browser or Edit mode. The left pane allows you to navigate the folders in your library, and the middle pane displays the contents of the selected folder n Click a file to select it. n Hold Shift and click the first and last file you want to select to select a range of files. n Hold Ctrl (Windows) or ⌘ (macOS) to select multiple files. Click the Select button to select multiple files without using keyboard modifiers. 2. Click the Export button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window. 3. Enable the Use advanced settings switch in the Export pane. 4. Select the Stitch clips check box to combine the selected clips into a single continuous clip. The order of the clips in the new clip will match the order they are displayed in Media Browser or Edit mode. If you want the new clip to include continuous timecode based on the source clips' timecode, select the Use continuous timecode check box. Clip order will be adjusted as needed, and black frames will be added between clips to ensure the timecode in the new clip is not interrupted. Use continuous timecode is not available if the selected clips contain overlapping timecode, if interlaced and progressive clips are selected, if clips with mixed frame sizes or frame rates are selected, or if clips with drop and non-drop timecode are selected. Use continuous timecode can change the order of the selected clips. For example, assume you selected the following three clips: n 1.mxf 00:00:10;00 - 00:00:20;00 n 2.mxf 00:00:40;00 - 00:00:50;00 n 3.mxf 00:00:30;00 - 00:00:40;00 When Use continuous timecode is not selected, the clips would be rendered in the following order: 1.mxf, 2.mxf, 3.mxf. When Use continuous timecode is selected, the clips would be rendered in the following order: 1.mxf, 10 seconds of black frames, 3.mxf, 2.mxf. Use the controls in the Export pane to choose a destination and format for your exported file. For more information about the controls, please see "Exporting media from a library" on page 26. WORKING WITH CLIPS 123 Repairing flash bands When a camera flash is fired, it can create a band of light in your video. Catalyst Prepare can detect and remove flash bands. 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window to view the Media Browser. 2. Select the clip you want to repair. 3. Click the Tools button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose Repair flash bands. The Flash Band workspace is displayed. 4. Use the Flash Band workspace to identify the flash bands you want to repair: a. Set the Mark In/Out points to indicate the portion of the clip you want to scan. For more information, see "Marking in and out points for playback" on page 99. b. Click the Detect button to scan the clip and mark flash bands automatically. A marker is added to the timeline, and an entry is created in the Inspector. Automatic flash band detection is available only for MXF clips. To mark a flash band manually, click the trackbar below the transport controls to set the play position indicator and click the Add button in the Inspector. Please note that automatic and manual flash-band repair can yield different results. To remove a flash band marker, select it in the Inspector and click the Delete button Click the Before/After button in the top-right corner of the video preview to choose a preview mode so you can compare your original and repaired video before applying the changes.Before: full-frame video is displayed in its original state. After: full-frame video is displayed in its repaired state. 1. Click Repair. The transcode dialog is displayed to allow you to choose settings for the repaired file. 124 CHAPTER 5 Chapter 6 Applying color correction If you've used multiple cameras within a project or if the lighting varies between shots, the resulting clips can look noticeably different. You can use color correction to minimize the differences or to apply an artistic look to your clips. Color-correction settings are stored with each clip in the library and do not affect your source media. When no library is opened, color adjustments are applied globally to all clips for previewing. If you want to save your color-correction settings, you can transcode clips to create new files. For more information, see "Exporting media from a library" on page 26. Color adjustments to clip lists or spanned clips are not available when a library is open. For more information, see "Working with libraries" on page 11. Editing Color Adjustments controls You can use the Color Adjustments controls in the Inspector to perform color grading for individual clips in your library. After you edit a clip's color adjustments, those settings will be loaded each time you load the clip. Loading a clip/clip list for color adjustments and configuring the waveform, his- togram, and vectorscope monitors 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window to view the Media Browser. 2. Double-click a clip in the Media Browser to load the clip you want to edit. When you load a clip, the color adjustments saved with the clip are loaded. Color adjustments are available only in Edit mode. APPLYING COLOR CORRECTION 125 3. Click the Adjust Color button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window. In the Adjust Color workspace, Catalyst Prepare displays a waveform/histogram/vectorscope monitor, a video preview, and color controls that you can use to adjust the appearance of your video. The waveform/histogram/vectorscope monitor and video preview window allow you to monitor your progress as you adjust color values. The Preview color space setting in Options is also applied to the waveform, histogram, and vectorscope so you can to check your video using scopes. For more information, see "Choosing a color space for the video preview and external monitor" on page 159. 126 CHAPTER 6 n Click the Waveform button at the bottom of the window to toggle the waveform monitor. The waveform monitor displays the luminance values (brightness or Y component) of your video signal. The monitor plots luminance values on the vertical axis and the width of the current frame on the horizontal axis. You can use the buttons at the top of the waveform monitor to display overlaid ( ) or separate ( ) RGB waveforms and isolate colors Waveform settings Click the Settings button to open the Waveform Settings menu. You can use the Waveform Settings menu to change the scale of the waveform monitor and enable AIR matching when grading HDR clips. The Settings button is available only when the Working color space drop-down is set to Rec-2020/S-Log3 (HDR) and the Preview color space drop-down is set to Rec.2020/S-Log3, Rec.2020/HLG, Rec.2020/HLG AIR Matching, Rec.2020/HLG (bypass OOTF), Rec.2020/PQ, Rec.2020/PQ AIR Matching, or Rec.2020/PQ (bypass OOTF). For more information, see "Choosing color management settings" on page 157 or "Choosing a color space for the video preview and external monitor" on page 159. You can click the % or Nits button to change the units displayed in the waveform. When the Preview color space is set to Rec.2020/HLG, Rec.2020/HLG AIR Matching, or Rec.2020/HLG (bypass OOTF), the Nits value is calculated for a peak luminance of 1000 cd/m2. When the Preview color space drop-down is set to Rec.2020/S-Log3, you can use the AIR Matching switch to toggle AIR (Artistic Intent Rendering) matching to achieve a consistent look between Rec.2020/S-Log3-based grading and a configured HLG (hybrid log- gamma) or PQ (perceptual quantizer) monitor. The AIR Matching switch is automatically turned on when the Preview color space drop-down is set to Rec.2020/HLG AIR Matching or Rec.2020/PQ AIR Matching. APPLYING COLOR CORRECTION 127 n Click the Histogram button at the bottom of the window to toggle the histogram monitor. The histogram monitor displays the number of pixels that exist for each color intensity. The vertical axis represents the number of pixels, and the horizontal axis represents the RGB color range from 0,0,0 to 0,0,255. You can use the buttons at the top of the histogram monitor to display overlaid ( ) or separate ( ) RGB histograms and isolate colors n Click the Vectorscope button at the bottom of the window to toggle the vectorscope monitor. The vectorscope monitor allows you to monitor the chroma values (color content) of your video signal. The monitor plots hue and saturation on a color wheel.The vectorscope displays targets for broadcast-legal saturations of red (R), magenta (Mg), blue (B), cyan (Cy), green (G), and yellow (Yl). Individual colors in your video signal are displayed as dots in the vectorscope. A dot's distance from the center of the scope represents its saturation, and the angle of the line from the dot to the center of the scope represents its hue. For example, if an image has a blue cast, the distribution of dots in the vectorscope will be concentrated toward the blue portion of the color wheel. If the image includes out-of-range blue values, the vectorscope display will extend beyond the blue target. You can use the vectorscope to calibrate color between scenes. Without calibration, you may see noticeable color differences between scenes from multicamera shoots. Click the Settings button to open the Vectorscope Settings menu. The Vectorscope Settings menu allows you to toggle a monochrome view of the scope, change the scale of the scope, adjust the brightness of the colors displayed in the scope, and adjust the brightness of the scope's guide (graticule). Use the 75% Scale setting when performing color correction for broadcast, or use the 100% setting when performing color correction for film or Web distribution with a wider color gamut. n The video preview window displays the current frame at the playback position indicator. Click the Preview button in the top-right corner of the video preview to choose a preview mode. Split-screen previews allow you to split the video preview and waveform/histogram/vectorscope monitor so you can see your affected and unaffected video at the same time. 128 CHAPTER 6 Before: full-frame video is displayed in its original state. After: full-frame video is displayed in its color-corrected state. Split: a single frame is displayed in a split-screen view with the original video on the left and the color-corrected video on the right. If you want to move the split location, hover over the preview frame. When the split point is displayed, you can drag the handles at the top of bottom of the screen to adjust where the preview is split: 2 Up: two full frames are displayed in a split-screen view with the original video on the left and the color-corrected video on the right. APPLYING COLOR CORRECTION 129 Adjusting the color wheels In the Adjust Color workspace, the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window provides color wheels for Lift, Gamma, and Gain. The wheels provide a visual representation of the current levels and allow you to adjust color quickly. As you adjust the controls, the waveform/histogram/vectorscope monitor and video preview will update in real time to allow you to check your progress. The color wheels are used to edit ASC-CDL (American Society of Cinematographers Color Decision List) parameters. Click the Wheels button to show or hide the color wheels. Drag the point in the center of the color wheel to pick the hue and saturation you want to add to the video, or drag the slider on the side of the color wheel to increase luminance for all RGB components simultaneously. You can double-click the point to reset the color wheel or double-click the slider handle to reset the luminance. When you drag the color correction controls, they move in fine increments. To move controls in larger increments, hold Shift while dragging. 130 CHAPTER 6 Choosing a color space Click the Inspector button in the toolbar to display the Inspector pane. In the Adjust Color workspace, the Color Space section in the Inspector pane provides color space controls that you can use to choose the source and conversion color spaces. If the selected color space is not compatible with the source color space and cannot be exported, a warning is displayed to notify you. Choosing a source color space Click the Unlock button and choose a setting from the Source drop-down list to choose the color space that should be applied to the source media. When you choose a setting, the video preview is updated. The source color space should be detected automatically and does not need to be changed in most cases. The Unlock button is not used when editing RAW or X-OCN video. Converting between HDR/wide color gamut color spaces When an HDR or wide color gamut color space is selected is selected in the Source drop-down list, you can choose a different HDR/WCG color space from the Convert to drop-down list to apply grading in the selected color space or apply a look profile that is available in the selected color space. You can also convert HDR/WCG clips to Rec.709 by choosing Convert to > 709(800). The 709 (800) setting applies a 1D curve. If you want to use a 3D LUT to convert HDR/WCG clips, you will need to apply a look profile.The Convert to drop-down is available only when the Working color space setting is Rec.709, Log, or ACES and you're working with S-Gamut, RAW, and X-OCN source media, For more information, see "Applying a look profile" on page 132, "Grading with hypergamma conversion" on page 140,or "Applying color correction" on page 144. Viewing the working color space The Working box displays the color space that will be used for color grading. Click the Options button and choose a setting from the Working color space drop-down list to change the setting. APPLYING COLOR CORRECTION 131 Click the Reset button at the bottom of the Inspector pane to reset the Source and Convert to color space based on the clip's metadata. Viewing the color space for the video preview The Preview box displays the color space that will be used for the Catalyst Prepare video preview window. Click the Options button and choose a setting from the Preview color space drop- down list to change the setting. Viewing the color space for the external monitor If an external monitor is enabled, the External monitor box displays the color space that will be used for the external monitor. Click the Options button and choose a setting from the External monitor color space drop-down list to change the setting. Adjusting exposure, temperature, and tint Click the Inspector button in the toolbar to display the Inspector pane. In the Adjust Color workspace, the Source Settings section in the Inspector pane provides the Exposure, Temperature, and Tint sliders to adjust the color content of your clip. Exposure, temperature, and tint are not available for all color spaces. n Drag the Exposure slider to adjust the overall brightness of your video. n Drag the Temperature slider to adjust the color temperature (in Kelvin) of your video. Adjusting the temperature modifies the red and blue gain by adding an offset to the temperature setting saved in a clip's metadata. n Drag the Tint slider to adjust color balance of your video. Adjusting the tint allows you to modify the magenta and green gain to supplement the color temperature setting by adding an offset to the tint setting saved in a clip's metadata. Double-click a control to reset its value. Applying a look profile You can use the Look profile drop-down list to apply a look profile/LUT to a clip. Click the Inspector button in the toolbar to display the Inspector pane. In the Adjust Color workspace, the Look section in the Inspector pane contains the Look profile drop-down list. 132 CHAPTER 6 The Look profile drop-down is available only when the Source Color Space Convert to drop-down list is set to S-Gamut/S-Log2 or S-Gamut3.Cine/S-Log3 and the Working color space drop-down list set to Rec.709. If you want to set a default look profile to be applied when no look profile is specified in a clip's metadata, choose a setting from the Look profile drop-down list, click the Look Tools button and choose Make default. To replace the clip's current look profile with the default, click the Look Tools button , and choose Reset to default. Click the Reset button at the bottom of the Inspector pane to reset the Look profile based on the clip's metadata. To add look profiles (including .cube files) to Catalyst Prepare, save them in the following folder and then close and restart the application: Windows: C:\Users\<user>\Documents\Sony\Catalyst\Color\Looks\ macOS: /Users/<user>/Documents/Sony/Catalyst/Color/Looks/ n The sgamut-slog2 subfolder is used for S-Gamut/S-Log2 sources. n The sgamut3cine-slog3 subfolder is used for S-Gamut3.Cine/S-Log3 sources or Convert to choices. n The sgamut3-slog3 subfolder is used for S-Gamut3/S-Log3 sources or Convert to choices. Adjusting the tone curve Click the Inspector button in the toolbar to display the Inspector pane. In the Adjust Color workspace, the Tone Curve section in the Inspector pane contains a color curve you can use to adjust the red, green, and blue channels graphically. As you adjust the controls, the waveform/histogram/vectorscope monitor and video preview will update in real time to allow you to check your progress. The tone curve controls are used to edit look-up tables (LUTs). n Select the channel you want to adjust by clicking the Red, Green, or Blue button below the color curve , or click the White button to adjust all RGB components simultaneously. n Click the curve to add a control point. APPLYING COLOR CORRECTION 133 n Select a control point and drag it to adjust it. n As you adjust the controls, the waveform/histogram/vectorscope monitor and video preview will update in real time to allow you to check your progress. Click Delete Point to remove the selected control point. n Click the Reset button at the bottom of the Inspector pane to remove all control points. Adjusting the color correction sliders Click the Inspector button in the toolbar to display the Inspector pane.In the Adjust Color workspace, the Color Correction section in the Inspector pane provides Brightness, Contrast, Saturation, Lift, Gamma, and Gain sliders you can use to adjust the values of the red, green, and blue channels. As you adjust the controls, the waveform/histogram/vectorscope monitor and video preview will update in real time to allow you to check your progress. The sliders are used to edit ASC-CDL (American Society of Cinematographers Color Decision List) parameters. For precise control, you can hold Ctrl (Windows) or ⌘ (macOS) or click the numeric value to type a new value. Drag the Brightness slider to adjust the overall lightness of your video. Drag the Contrast slider to adjust the overall contrast of your video. Brightness and contrast are not saved explicitly with ASC-CDL files. When exporting an ASC- CDL file, the Brightness and Contrast settings are incorporated with the other color-correction values. When you reload an exported ASC-CDL file, the Brightness and Contrast settings will be set to 0. When exchanging color settings with Catalyst Browse and Catalyst Prepare, click the Tools button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose Save preset from the menu to preserve Brightness and Contrast settings. For more information, see "Exporting color-correction settings" on page 150 and "Applying color correction" on page 135. Drag the Saturation slider to adjust the overall intensity of the color in your video. To adjust lift, gamma, and gain, drag the R, G, B sliders to adjust the red, green, and blue components of the each parameter, or drag the Y slider to adjust luminance for all RGB components simultaneously. 134 CHAPTER 6 Double-click a control to reset its value. Click the Undo and Redo buttons to step forward or backward through your recent edits. Click the Reset button at the bottom of the Inspector pane to reset all color correction. Applying color-correction settings You can use the Tools button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window to load color presets or ASC-CDL (American Society of Cinematographers Color Decision List) files to exchange color-grading information. Applying a color preset Color presets include the source settings (exposure, temperature, and tint), look profile, tone curve, and ASC-CDL settings. For more information, see "Editing Color Adjustments controls" on page 125. 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window to view the Media Browser. 2. Double-click a clip in the Media Browser to load the clip you want to edit. When you load a clip, the color-correction settings saved with the clip are loaded. If you want to apply color correction to multiple clips, select the clips, click the Tools button at the bottom-left of the Catalyst Prepare window, and choose Apply color preset from the menu. The Apply color preset command is not available when a clip list or spanned clip ( ) is selected. 3. Click the Adjust Color button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window. 4. Click the Inspector button in the toolbar to display the Inspector pane. 5. Click the Tools button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose Load preset from the menu. APPLYING COLOR CORRECTION 135 6. In the Load Preset dialog, choose a Catalyst color (.ccolor) file. Presets are saved in the following folders by default: Windows: C:\Users\<user>\Documents\Sony\Catalyst\Color\ macOS: /Users/<user>/Documents/Sony/Catalyst/Color 7. Click Load. The selected color settings are loaded and applied to the current clip. 136 CHAPTER 6 Applying an ASC-CDL file 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window to view the Media Browser. 2. Double-click a clip in the Media Browser to load the clip you want to edit. When you load a clip, the color-correction settings saved with the clip are loaded. If you want to apply color correction to multiple clips, select the clips, click the Tools button at the bottom-left of the Catalyst Prepare window, and choose Apply ASC-CDL from the menu. The Apply ASC-CDL command is not available when a clip list or spanned clip ( ) is selected. 3. Click the Adjust Color button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window. 4. Click the Inspector button in the toolbar to display the Inspector pane. 5. Click the Tools button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose Load ASC- CDL from the menu. 6. In the Load ASC-CDL dialog, choose a *.cdl file. 7. Click Load. The selected color settings are loaded and applied to the current clip. Using a Tangent control You can use Tangent Element Tk, Kb, Bt, Mf, Vs, or Tangent Wave control panels to adjust color circles and other parameters. Tangent Element panels must be connected to your computer via USB. When using Tangent Element- Vs on a tablet, your tablet and the computer running Catalyst Prepare must be connected to the same network. To enable control, Tangent Hub must be installed on the computer.For more information about using and configuring Tangent hardware and software, please refer to the Tangent documentation. APPLYING COLOR CORRECTION 137 For information about control mappings, please see the control's display or use the Tangent Mapper application. Video-style (Rec.709) color grading Use the following workflow when adjusting color grading for video sources. Grading with Rec.709 gamma 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window to view the Media Browser. 2. Double-click a clip in the Media Browser to load the clip you want to edit. When you load a clip, the color-correction settings saved with the clip are loaded. Color correction is available only in Edit mode. 3. Click the Adjust Color button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window. In this mode, Catalyst Prepare displays a waveform/histogram/vectorscope monitor, a video preview, and color controls that you can use to adjust the appearance of your video. The waveform/histogram/vectorscope monitor and video preview window allow you to monitor your progress as you adjust color values. For more information, see "Editing Color Adjustments controls" on page 125. 4. Click the Inspector button in the toolbar to display the Inspector pane. In the Adjust Color workspace, the Inspector pane provides controls that you will use to adjust color-grading settings. 5. The Source drop-down list displays the color space that is applied to your source media. Click the Unlock button and choose a setting from the Source drop-down list to choose the color space that should be applied to the source media. When you choose a setting, the video preview is updated. The source color space should be detected automatically and does not need to be changed in most cases. n Choose S-Gamut/S-Log2 for S-Log2, RAW, or X-OCN sources. n Choose S-Gamut3.Cine/S-Log3 or S-Gamut3/S-Log3 for S-Log3, RAW, or X-OCN sources. 6. The Working box displays the color space that should be applied to color grading adjustments. Click the Options button and choose Rec.709 from the Working color space drop-down list to change the setting if necessary. 138 CHAPTER 6 7. If your source video is set to S-Gamut/S-Log2, S-Gamut3.Cine/S-Log3, S-Gamut3/S-Log3, Rec.2020/S-Log3, Rec.2020/HLG, or Rec.2020/PQ, you can use the Source Settings controls to adjust the Exposure, Temperature, and Tint of your clip. For more information, see "Editing Color Adjustments controls" on page 125. 8. If your source video is set to S-Gamut/S-Log2, S-Gamut3.Cine/S-Log3, or S-Gamut3/S-Log3, choose a setting from the Look profile drop-down list to choose the profile that is applied to convert your video to Rec.709 (full). To add look profiles (including .cube files) to Catalyst Prepare, save them in the following folder and then close and restart the application: Windows: C:\Users\<user>\Documents\Sony\Catalyst\Color\Looks\ macOS: /Users/<user>/Documents/Sony/Catalyst/Color/Looks/ n The sgamut-slog2 subfolder is used for S-Gamut/S-Log2 sources. n The sgamut3cine-slog3 subfolder is used for S-Gamut3.Cine/S-Log3 sources or Convert to choices. n The sgamut3-slog3 subfolder is used for S-Gamut3/S-Log3 sources or Convert to choices. 9. Use the color wheels and controls in the Inspector pane to adjust your colors as needed. For more information, see "Editing Color Adjustments controls" on page 125. 10. Click the Tools button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose Export color settings from the menu if you want to export your settings as a 3D LUT file. 3D LUT export is available only when the Source drop-down list is set to an S-Log, RAW, or X- OCN format. APPLYING COLOR CORRECTION 139 Grading with hypergamma conversion 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window to view the Media Browser. 2. Double-click a clip in the Media Browser to load the clip you want to edit. When you load a clip, the color-correction settings saved with the clip are loaded. Color correction is available only in Edit mode. 3. Click the Adjust Color button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window. In this mode, Catalyst Prepare displays a waveform/histogram/vectorscope monitor, a video preview, and color controls that you can use to adjust the appearance of your video. The waveform/histogram/vectorscope monitor and video preview window allow you to monitor your progress as you adjust color values. For more information, see "Editing Color Adjustments controls" on page 125. 4. Click the Inspector button in the toolbar to display the Inspector pane. In the Adjust Color workspace, the Inspector pane provides controls that you will use to adjust color-grading settings. 5. The Source drop-down list displays the color space that is applied to your source media. Click the Unlock button and choose a setting from the Source drop-down list to choose the color space that should be applied to the source media. When you choose a setting, the video preview is updated.The source color space should be detected automatically and does not need to be changed in most cases. n Choose S-Gamut/S-Log2 for S-Log2, RAW, or X-OCN sources. n Choose S-Gamut3.Cine/S-Log3 or S-Gamut3/S-Log3 for S-Log3, RAW, or X-OCN sources. 6. The Working box displays the color space that should be applied to color grading adjustments. Click the Options button and choose Rec.709 from the Working color space drop-down list to change the setting if necessary. 140 CHAPTER 6 7. From the Convert to drop-down list, choose 709(800), HG8009G33, or HG8009G40. When you select None, output will be S-Log. When you select HG8009G33, or HG8009G40, output will be Rec.709 full. The Convert to drop-down is available only when the Working color space setting is Rec.709, Log, or ACES and you're working with S-Gamut, RAW, and X-OCN source media, 8. If your source video is set to S-Gamut/S-Log2, S-Gamut3.Cine/S-Log3, S-Gamut3/S-Log3, Rec.2020/S-Log3, Rec.2020/HLG, or Rec.2020/PQ, you can use the Source Settings controls to adjust the Exposure, Temperature, and Tint of your clip. For more information, see "Editing Color Adjustments controls" on page 125. 9. Use the color wheels and controls in the Inspector pane to adjust your colors as needed. For more information, see "Editing Color Adjustments controls" on page 125. 10. Click the Tools button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose Export color settings from the menu if you want to export your settings as a 3D LUT file. For more information, see "Exporting color-correction settings" on page 150. Log (cinematic) color grading Use the following workflow when adjusting color grading for Log sources. 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window to view the Media Browser. 2. Double-click a clip in the Media Browser to load the clip you want to edit. When you load a clip, the color-correction settings saved with the clip are loaded. Color correction is available only in Edit mode. 3. Click the Adjust Color button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window. In this mode, Catalyst Prepare displays a waveform/histogram/vectorscope monitor, a video preview, and color controls that you can use to adjust the appearance of your video. The waveform/histogram/vectorscope monitor and video preview window allow you to monitor your progress as you adjust color values. For more information, see "Editing Color Adjustments controls" on page 125. 4. Click the Inspector button in the toolbar to display the Inspector pane. In the Adjust Color workspace, the Inspector pane provides controls that you will use to adjust color-grading settings. APPLYING COLOR CORRECTION 141 5. The Source drop-down list displays the color space that is applied to your source media. Click the Unlock button and choose a setting from the Source drop-down list to choose the color space that should be applied to the source media. When you choose a setting, the video preview is updated. n Choose S-Gamut/S-Log2 for S-Log2, RAW, or X-OCN sources. n Choose S-Gamut3.Cine/S-Log3 or S-Gamut3/S-Log3 for S-Log3, RAW, or X-OCN sources. 6. The Working box displays the color space that should be applied to color grading adjustments. Click the Options button and choose Log from the Working color space drop-down list to change the setting if necessary. 7. If your source video is set to S-Gamut/S-Log2, S-Gamut3.Cine/S-Log3, or S-Gamut3/S-Log3, you can use the Source Settings controls to adjust the Exposure, Temperature, and Tint of your clip. For more information, see "Editing Color Adjustments controls" on page 125. 8. Use the color wheels and controls in the Inspector pane to adjust your colors as needed. For more information, see "Editing Color Adjustments controls" on page 125. 9. Choose a setting from the Look profile drop-down list to choose the profile that is applied to convert your video to Rec.709 (full). When you choose None from the Look profile drop-down list, the output will be S-Log. To add look profiles (including .cube files) to Catalyst Prepare, save them in the following folder and then close and restart the application: Windows: C:\Users\<user>\Documents\Sony\Catalyst\Color\Looks\ macOS: /Users/<user>/Documents/Sony/Catalyst/Color/Looks/ n The sgamut-slog2 subfolder is used for S-Gamut/S-Log2 sources. n The sgamut3cine-slog3 subfolder is used for S-Gamut3.Cine/S-Log3 sources or Convert to choices. n The sgamut3-slog3 subfolder is used for S-Gamut3/S-Log3 sources or Convert to choices. 10. Click the Tools button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose Export color settings from the menu if you want to export your settings as a 3D LUT file. For more information, see "Exporting color-correction settings" on page 150. 142 CHAPTER 6 Advanced cinematic (ACES) color grading Use the following workflow when adjusting color grading in the Academy Color Encoding System (ACES) color space. 1.Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window to view the Media Browser. 2. Double-click a clip in the Media Browser to load the clip you want to edit. When you load a clip, the color-correction settings saved with the clip are loaded. Color correction is available only in Edit mode. 3. Click the Adjust Color button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window. In this mode, Catalyst Prepare displays a waveform/histogram/vectorscope monitor, a video preview, and color controls that you can use to adjust the appearance of your video. The waveform/histogram/vectorscope monitor and video preview window allow you to monitor your progress as you adjust color values. For more information, see "Editing Color Adjustments controls" on page 125. 4. Click the Inspector button in the toolbar to display the Inspector pane. In the Adjust Color workspace, the Inspector pane provides controls that you will use to adjust color-grading settings. 5. The Source drop-down list displays the color space that is applied to your source media. Click the Unlock button and choose a setting from the Source drop-down list to choose the color space that should be applied to the source media. When you choose a setting, the video preview is updated. n Choose S-Gamut/S-Log2 for S-Log2, RAW, or X-OCN sources. n Choose S-Gamut3.Cine/S-Log3 or S-Gamut3/S-Log3 for S-Log3, RAW, or X-OCN sources. 6. The Working box displays the color space that should be applied to color grading adjustments. Click the Options button and choose ACES from the Working color space drop-down list to change the setting if necessary. 7. If your source video is set to S-Gamut/S-Log2, S-Gamut3.Cine/S-Log3, or S-Gamut3/S-Log3, you can use the Source Settings controls to adjust the Exposure, Temperature, and Tint of your clip. For more information, see "Editing Color Adjustments controls" on page 125. 8. Use the color wheels and controls in the Inspector pane to adjust your colors as needed. For more information, see "Editing Color Adjustments controls" on page 125. APPLYING COLOR CORRECTION 143 9. Click the Tools button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose Export color settings from the menu if you want to export your settings as a 3D LUT file. Output will be Rec.709 (full). For more information, see "Exporting color-correction settings" on page 150. High Dynamic Range (HDR) color grading Use the following workflow to adjust color grading in the Rec.2020/S-Log3 color space and then convert to high dynamic range (Rec.2020/S-Log3, Rec.2020/HLG, or Rec.2020/PQ) or standard dynamic range (Rec.2020 or Rec.709) color spaces for distribution. 144 CHAPTER 6 1. Adjust Catalyst Prepare options for HDR color grading: a. Click the Options button b. From the Working color space drop-down list, choose Rec.2020/S-Log3 (HDR). When you choose Rec.2020/S-Log3 from the Working color space drop-down list, you can enable the Use SR Live metadata and Adjust SR Live settings manually switches to convert between standard- and high-dynamic-range content: o Enable the Use SR Live metadata switch to read SR Live settings from clip metadata. When Use SR Live metadata is on and Adjust SR Live settings manually is off, clip metadata settings are used when converting between standard- and high- dynamic-range content. When Use SR Live metadata is on, Catalyst Prepare uses recommended SR Live values for clips generated by Sony devices even if SR Live metadata values are not present in the clip. o Enable the Adjust SR Live settings manually switch to enable the SDR gain, SDR knee, and Black adjustment switches to manually control settings for converting between standard- and high-dynamic-range content. When Use SR Live metadata and Adjust SR Live settings manually are on, clip metadata and manual control settings are used for conversion. Click the Load button to load settings from the selected clip and set the SDR gain, SDR knee, and Black adjustment controls to match the clip settings. You can then fine-tune the settings manually, and the manual adjustments will be used for conversion. SR Live settings are applied in the following cases: o When exporting Rec.2020/S-Log3, S-Gamut3/S-Log3, S-Gamut3.Cine/S-Log3, or Sony RAW/X-OCN source clips to Rec.2020/S-Log3, Rec.2020/HLG, Rec.2020/PQ, or SDR formats when the Output color space drop-down is set to Same as preview or Same as external monitor. o When exporting Rec.2020/HLG clips to Rec.2020/HLG or SDR formats when the Output color space drop-down is set to Same as preview or Same as external monitor. APPLYING COLOR CORRECTION 145 o When exporting Rec.2020/PQ clips to Rec.2020/PQ or SDR formats when the Output color space drop-down is set to Same as preview or Same as external monitor. o When exporting SDR clips to Rec.2020/S-Log3, Rec.2020/HLG, Rec.2020/PQ, or SDR formats when the Output color space drop-down is set to Same as preview or Same as external monitor.When Use SR Live metadata is off and Adjust SR Live settings manually is off, color management uses default settings, and no SR Live processing is performed. When Output color space is set to Rec.2020/HLG AIR Matching, Rec.2020/HLG (bypass OOTF), Rec.2020/PQ AIR Matching, or Rec.2020/PQ (bypass OOTF) in Options, no SR Live processing is performed. Adjusting SDR gain When the switch is enabled, you can drag the Gain slider to choose the gain that is applied when reading SDR content or when exporting to an SDR format or displaying on an SDR display. For example, if you set the slider to -6.0 dB, a linear gain of +6.0 dB (2.0x) is applied when reading SDR content, and a linear gain of -6.0 dB (0.5x) is applied when exporting to an SDR format or displaying on an SDR display. Applying an SDR knee curve Select the SDR knee switch to apply a knee curve to the RGB output gain when exporting HDR content to an SDR format or displaying on an SDR display. While the SDR gain setting applies a linear gain, a knee curve can help preserve midrange colors and highlights. When using knee parameters on the Sony HDRC-4000 HDR Production Converter Unit, please enable ABS mode and confirm the R, G, B values in the HDRC-4000. Adjust the values in Catalyst Prepare to match. Using different R, G, B values is not supported. o Drag the Point slider to adjust the position of the knee point in the curve. o Drag the Slope slider to adjust the slope of the curve above the knee point. o To adjust the color intensity in the output image, select the SDR knee saturation switch and drag the Level slider. Increasing the saturation can help compensate for decreased saturation around the knee curve. 146 CHAPTER 6 Adjusting black levels Enable the Black adjustment switch to adjust black levels: o Drag the Master black slider to adjust the master black level. o Drag the HDR black offset slider to apply an offset to the Master black value for HDR content. The Master black and HDR black offset values should match the settings on the HDRC-4000 HDR Production Converter Unit. On the HDRC-4000, the SETTING MODE should be set to SONY SYSTEM CAMERA, and the ABS mode should be set to enabled. c. From the Preview color space drop-down list, choose the color space for the Catalyst Prepare video preview window. In most cases, choose Rec.709 for your computer monitor, or you can choose other settings to check your video using scopes. For more information, see "Loading a clip/clip list for color adjustments and configuring the waveform, histogram, and vectorscope monitors" on page 125. d. From the External monitor color space drop-down list, choose the setting that matches the EOTF (electro-optical transfer function) setting on your external monitor. APPLYING COLOR CORRECTION 147 You can use the AIR Matching (Artistic Intent Rendering) or bypass OOTF settings to achieve a consistent look between external-monitor previews and rendered clips. Using AIR Matching to monitor using the S-Log3 (Live HDR) EOTF Sony BVM-X300 version 2.0 monitor settings: o Color Space: ITU-R BT.2020 o EOTF: S-Log3 (Live HDR) o Transfer Matrix: ITU-R BT.2020 o In the Catalyst Prepare Options menu, choose Rec.2020/S-Log3 from the External monitor color space drop-down list. Content mastered using these settings and rendered to HLG or PQ with AIR Matching should have the same look on HLG or PQ monitors or televisions. Using bypass OOTF to monitor using the S-Log3 (HDR) EOTF Sony BVM-X300 version 2.0 monitor settings: o Color Space: ITU-R BT.2020 o EOTF: S-Log3 (HDR) o Transfer Matrix: ITU-R BT.2020 o In the Catalyst Prepare Options menu, choose Rec.2020/S-Log3 from the External monitor color space drop-down list. Content mastered using these settings and rendered to HLG or PQ with bypass OOTF should have the same look on HLG or PQ monitors or televisions. Converting HDR media to SDR color spaces When converting HDR media to standard dynamic range color spaces, use the following settings to preserve your Rec.2020/S-Log3 grading (the dynamic range of the HDR color space will be clamped to the BT.709 gamma curve): 148 CHAPTER 6 o In Options, set the Working color space to Rec.2020/S-Log3 (HDR). o In Options, enable the SDR gain and SDR knee switches and adjust the controls to choose the gain and knee curve that will be applied when exporting to an SDR format or displaying on an SDR display. o In Options, set the Preview color space for the video preview to Rec.709 or Rec.2020. When converting HDR media to standard dynamic range color spaces, use the following settings to preserve more of the dynamic range of the original HDR media: o In Options, set the Working color space to Rec.709. o In the Inspector, set the Convert to color space to 709(800), HG8009G33, or HG8009G40. e. From the External monitor device drop-down list, choose the device where you've connected a monitor that supports the Rec.2020 color gamut and an HDR luminance curve, such as the Sony BVM-X300. f.From the Monitor resolution drop-down list, choose the appropriate resolution for your external monitor. 2. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window to view the Media Browser. 3. Double-click a clip in the Media Browser to load the clip you want to edit. When you load a clip, the color-correction settings saved with the clip are loaded. Color correction is available only in Edit mode. 4. Click the Adjust Color button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window. In this mode, Catalyst Prepare displays a waveform/histogram/vectorscope monitor, a video preview, and color controls that you can use to adjust the appearance of your video. The waveform/histogram/vectorscope monitor and video preview window allow you to monitor your progress as you adjust color values. For more information, see "Editing Color Adjustments controls" on page 125. 5. Click the Inspector button in the toolbar to display the Inspector pane. In the Adjust Color workspace, the Inspector pane provides controls that you will use to adjust color-grading settings. 6. Use the color wheels and controls in the Inspector pane to adjust your colors as needed. For more information, see "Editing Color Adjustments controls" on page 125. APPLYING COLOR CORRECTION 149 7. Click the Tools button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose Export color settings from the menu if you want to export your settings as a 3D LUT file. For more information, see "Exporting color-correction settings" on page 150. Exporting color-correction settings You can use the Tools button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window to export color-correction settings to cameras for on-set monitoring or to a nonlinear editor (NLE) for color grading . Saving a color preset Color presets include the source settings (exposure, temperature, and tint), look profile, tone curve, and ASC-CDL settings. For more information, see "Editing Color Adjustments controls" on page 125. 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window to view the Media Browser. 2. Double-click a clip in the Media Browser to load the clip you want to edit. When you load a clip, the color-correction settings saved with the clip are loaded. Color correction is available only in Edit mode. 3. Click the Adjust Color button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window. 4. Click the Inspector button in the toolbar to display the Inspector pane. 5. Click the Tools button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose Save preset from the menu. 6. In the Save Preset dialog, type a file name to identify your Catalyst color (.ccolor) file. Presets are saved in the following folders by default: Windows: C:\Users\<user>\Documents\Sony\Catalyst\Color\ macOS: /Users/<user>/Documents/Sony/Catalyst/Color 7. Click OK. 150 CHAPTER 6 Exporting an ASC-CDL file 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window to view the Media Browser. 2. Double-click a clip in the Media Browser to load the clip you want to edit. When you load a clip, the color-correction settings saved with the clip are loaded. Color correction is available only in Edit mode. 3. Click the Adjust Color button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window. In this mode, Catalyst Prepare displays a waveform/histogram/vectorscope monitor, a video preview, and color controls that you can use to adjust the appearance of your video. 4. Click the Inspector button in the toolbar to display the Inspector pane and adjust your color settings as needed. For more information, see "Editing Color Adjustments controls" on page 125. Saturation and color wheel/slider settings are saved with ASC-CDL files. Tone curve settings are not saved. Brightness and contrast are not saved explicitly with ASC-CDL files. When exporting an ASC- CDL file, the Brightness and Contrast settings are incorporated with the other color- correction values. When you reload an exported ASC-CDL file, the Brightness and Contrast settings will be set to 0. When exchanging color settings with Catalyst Browse and Catalyst Prepare, click the Tools button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose Save preset from the menu to preserve Brightness and Contrast settings. For more information, see "Exporting color-correction settings" on page 150 and "Applying color correction" on page 135. 5. Click the Tools button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose Export color settings from the menu. 6. Use the Export As dialog box to specify the folder, file name, and settings you want to export: a. Use the browser to select the folder where you want to save your file. b. In the File name box, type the path and file name you want to save your color-correction settings. c. Choose ASC-CDL from the Format drop-down list. 7. Click Export.APPLYING COLOR CORRECTION 151 Exporting a 3D LUT for Resolve or HDLink When the source is Sony RAW, X-OCN, S-Gamut/S-Log2, S-Gamut3.Cine/S-Log3, or S-Gamut3/S-Log3, you can export a 3D LUT in Resolve or HDLink format. 1. Click the Media Browser button at the top of the Catalyst Prepare window to view the Media Browser. 2. Double-click a clip in the Media Browser to load the clip you want to edit. When you load a clip, the color-correction settings saved with the clip are loaded. Color correction is available only in Edit mode. 3. Click the Adjust Color button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window. In this mode, Catalyst Prepare displays a waveform/histogram/vectorscope monitor, a video preview, and color controls that you can use to adjust the appearance of your video. 4. Click the Inspector button in the toolbar to display the Inspector pane and adjust your color settings as needed. For more information, see "Editing Color Adjustments controls" on page 125. 5. Click the Tools button at the bottom of the Catalyst Prepare window and choose Export color settings from the menu. 152 CHAPTER 6 6. Use the Export As dialog box to specify the folder, file name, and settings you want to export: a. Use the browser to select the folder where you want to save your file. b. In the File name box, type the file name you want to save your color-correction settings. c. Choose 3D LUT Resolve or 3D LUT HDLink from the Format drop-down list. d. Choose a setting from the Input color space drop-down list to specify the color space of your source media. e. Choose a setting from the Output color space drop-down list to specify the color space that will be used as the output of the LUT. Output color space is available only when the Working color space color space to Rec.2020/S-Log3 (HDR). For more information, see "Applying color correction" on page 144. f. Select the Source settings check box if you want to include exposure, temperature, and tint settings with your LUT. g. Select the Convert to setting check box if you want to export your LUT using the color space selected in the Convert to drop-down list in the Inspector. The Tone curve and Color correction check boxes are available only when Convert to setting is selected. h. Select the Tone curve check box if you want to include the tone curve from the Inspector in your LUT. i. Select the Color correction check box if you want to include the color correction adjustments curve from the Inspector in your LUT. j. Select the Look profile check box if you want to include the selected look profile from the Inspector in your LUT. The LUT file will be saved in the folder you selected in step 6a. The Look profile check box is available only when the grading color space is Rec.709. 7. Click Export. APPLYING COLOR CORRECTION 153 154 CHAPTER 6 Chapter 7 Editing Catalyst Prepare options Click the Options button to edit your application options. If you need to reset all Catalyst Prepare options to their default values, hold Control + Shift when starting the application. Choosing a video processing device Choose a setting from the Video processing device drop-down list to enable or bypass GPU- accelerated video playback and transcoding. Choose CPU if you want to turn off GPU acceleration, or choose a device from the list to enable GPU- accelerated playback. The optimal GPU device is automatically selected. Changing this value is intended for advanced users and may be useful for troubleshooting technical problems. Computers equipped with CPUs that utilize Intel's Quick Sync Video (QSV) technology see improved processing performance for decoding H.264/AVC/MPEG-4 video files. When using a device other than your CPU, high-quality deinterlacing and upscaling are applied to convert SD and HD sources to modern progressive HD and UHD assets. Please note that some systems with limited GPU memory are not supported. n High-quality deinterlacing is applied to interlaced source media when playback is paused, during transcoding, and during playback when the Playback Settings Speed/Quality setting is set to Quality. n High-quality upscaling is applied during transcoding when you choose an HD or UHD render preset. Choosing a default transcoding format Choose a setting from the Default transcode format drop-down list to choose the format that will be used when copying partial clips that cannot be copied in their source format or when uploading to Ci. For more information, see "Exporting media from a library" on page 26 or "Organizing media in a library" on page 18. EDITING CATALYST PREPARE OPTIONS 155 Choosing a map service for GPS links Choose a setting from the Open GPS links with drop-down list to choose the map service that will be used to display maps when you click GPS links in a clip's metadata. For more information, see "Viewing and editing metadata" on page 105.Enabling the secondary window Enable the Secondary preview window switch if you want to show the video preview in a secondary window that you can position anywhere on your screen or on a secondary monitor. Enable proxy clip playback Enable the Preview using proxy clips switch if you want to use proxy clips for playback if they are available. If you're working on a system with limited processing power, creating a proxy file will allow you to preview your media more efficiently. Video proxy files are used for playback only. Enable half-step timecode for 50p/60p sources Enable the 50p/60p half-step timecode display switch if you want to display half-step timecode for each field in 50p/60p sources. The timecode for field two will be displayed with an asterisk appended: Field 1: 01:00:17:17 Field 2: 01:00:17:17* Show or hide thumbnail frames Enable the Show thumbnails switch if you want to display thumbnail images in the Media Browser. Turning off the switch can improve performance on some slower storage devices. Automatically rotate thumbnail frames Enable the Automatically rotate thumbnails switch to detect clip rotation and adjust thumbnail images in Media Browser mode. For more information, see "Working with rotated clips." 156 CHAPTER 7 Choosing snapshot settings The Save snapshots to box displays the path to the folder where the files will be saved when you save a snapshot of the current frame. You can type a path in the box or click the Browse button to choose a folder. Choose a setting from the Snapshot image format drop-down list to choose the file format that will be used for snapshots. For more information, see "Creating a snapshot of a frame" on page 100. Choosing color management settings Choose a setting from the Working color space drop-down list to choose the color space that will be used for color grading. For more information, see "Applying color correction" on page 125. When you choose Rec.2020/S-Log3 from the Working color space drop-down list, you can enable the Use SR Live metadata and Adjust SR Live settings manually switches to convert between standard- and high-dynamic-range content: n Enable the Use SR Live metadata switch to read SR Live settings from clip metadata. When Use SR Live metadata is on and Adjust SR Live settings manually is off, clip metadata settings are used when converting between standard- and high-dynamic-range content. When Use SR Live metadata is on, Catalyst Prepare uses recommended SR Live values for clips generated by Sony devices even if SR Live metadata values are not present in the clip. n Enable the Adjust SR Live settings manually switch to enable the SDR gain, SDR knee, and Black adjustment switches to manually control settings for converting between standard- and high-dynamic-range content. When Use SR Live metadata and Adjust SR Live settings manually are on, clip metadata and manual control settings are used for conversion. Click the Load button to load settings from the selected clip and set the SDR gain, SDR knee, and Black adjustment controls to match the clip settings. You can then fine-tune the settings manually, and the manual adjustments will be used for conversion. SR Live settings are applied in the following cases: EDITING CATALYST PREPARE OPTIONS 157 n When exporting Rec.2020/S-Log3, S-Gamut3/S-Log3, S-Gamut3.Cine/S-Log3, or Sony RAW/X- OCN source clips to Rec.2020/S-Log3, Rec.2020/HLG, Rec.2020/PQ, or SDR formats when the Output color space drop-down is set to Same as preview or Same as external monitor. n When exporting Rec.2020/HLG clips to Rec.2020/HLG or SDR formats when the Output color space drop-down is set to Same as preview or Same as external monitor. n When exporting Rec.2020/PQ clips to Rec.2020/PQ or SDR formats when the Output color space drop-down is set to Same as preview or Same as external monitor. n When exporting SDR clips to Rec.2020/S-Log3, Rec.2020/HLG, Rec.2020/PQ, or SDR formats when the Output color space drop-down is set to Same as preview or Same as external monitor. When Use SR Live metadata is off and Adjust SR Live settings manually is off, color management uses default settings, and no SR Live processing is performed. When Output color space is set to Rec.2020/HLG AIR Matching, Rec.2020/HLG (bypass OOTF), Rec.2020/PQ AIR Matching, or Rec.2020/PQ (bypass OOTF) in Options, no SR Live processing is performed. Adjusting SDR gain When the switch is enabled, you can drag the Gain slider to choose the gain that is applied when reading SDR content or when exporting to an SDR format or displaying on an SDR display. For example, if you set the slider to -6.0 dB, a linear gain of +6.0 dB (2.0x) is applied when reading SDR content, and a linear gain of -6.0 dB (0.5x) is applied when exporting to an SDR format or displaying on an SDR display. Applying an SDR knee curve Select the SDR knee switch to apply a knee curve to the RGB output gain when exporting HDR content to an SDR format or displaying on an SDR display.While the SDR gain setting applies a linear gain, a knee curve can help preserve midrange colors and highlights. When using knee parameters on the Sony HDRC-4000 HDR Production Converter Unit, please enable ABS mode and confirm the R, G, B values in the HDRC-4000. Adjust the values in Catalyst Prepare to match. Using different R, G, B values is not supported. n Drag the Point slider to adjust the position of the knee point in the curve. n Drag the Slope slider to adjust the slope of the curve above the knee point. 158 CHAPTER 7 n To adjust the color intensity in the output image, select the SDR knee saturation switch and drag the Level slider. Increasing the saturation can help compensate for decreased saturation around the knee curve. Adjusting black levels Enable the Black adjustment switch to adjust black levels: n Drag the Master black slider to adjust the master black level. n Drag the HDR black offset slider to apply an offset to the Master black value for HDR content. The Master black and HDR black offset values should match the settings on the HDRC- 4000 HDR Production Converter Unit. On the HDRC-4000, the SETTING MODE should be set to SONY SYSTEM CAMERA, and the ABS mode should be set to enabled. Choosing a color space for the video preview and external monitor Video preview From the Preview color space drop-down list, choose the color space for the Catalyst Prepare video preview window. In most cases, choose Rec.709 for your computer monitor, or you can choose other settings to check your video using scopes. For more information, see "Loading a clip/clip list for color adjustments and configuring the waveform, histogram, and vectorscope monitors" on page 125. For more information, see "Applying color correction" on page 125. EDITING CATALYST PREPARE OPTIONS 159 External monitor Choose a setting from the External monitor color space drop-down list to choose the color space that matches the EOTF (electro-optical transfer function) setting on your external monitor. When using the Sony BVM-X300 version 2.0, please use the following monitor settings: External monitor color space in Catalyst Prepare Rec.709 Rec.2020 Color Space ITU-R BT.709 EOTF i.e. 2.4 ITU-R i.e. 2.4 BT.2020 Transfer Matrix ITU-R BT.709 ITU-R BT.2020 Rec.2020/S-Log-3 ITU-R S-Log3(Live HDR) or S-Log3(HDR) ITU-R BT.2020 BT.2020 Rec.2020/HLG, ITU-R HLG SG Variable(HDR), HLG System ITU-R Rec.2020/HLG AIR Matching, or BT.2020 Gamma 1.2 Rec.2020/HLG (bypass OOTF) Rec.2020/PQ, ITU-R SMPTE ST 2084(HDR) Rec.2020/PQ AIR Matching, or BT.2020 Rec.2020/PQ (bypass OOTF) BT.2020 ITU-R BT.2020 160 CHAPTER 7 When Rec.2020/S-Log (HDR) is selected from the Working color space drop-down list, you can use the AIR Matching (Artistic Intent Rendering) or bypass OOTF settings to achieve a consistent look between external-monitor previews and rendered clips. Using AIR Matching to monitor using the S-Log3 (Live HDR) EOTF Sony BVM-X300 version 2.0 monitor settings: n Color Space: ITU-R BT.2020 n EOTF: S-Log3 (Live HDR) n Transfer Matrix: ITU-R BT.2020 n In the Catalyst Prepare Options menu, choose Rec.2020/S-Log3 from the External monitor color space drop-down list. Content mastered using these settings and rendered to HLG or PQ with AIR Matching should have the same look on HLG or PQ monitors or televisions. Using bypass OOTF to monitor using the S-Log3 (HDR) EOTF Sony BVM-X300 version 2.0 monitor settings: n Color Space: ITU-R BT.2020 n EOTF: S-Log3 (HDR) n Transfer Matrix: ITU-R BT.2020 n In the Catalyst Prepare Options menu, choose Rec.2020/S-Log3 from the External monitor color space drop-down list. Content mastered using these settings and rendered to HLG or PQ with bypass OOTF should have the same look on HLG or PQ monitors or televisions. Converting HDR media to SDR color spaces When converting HDR media to standard dynamic range color spaces, use the following settings to preserve your Rec.2020/S-Log3 grading (the dynamic range of the HDR color space will be clamped to the BT.709 gamma curve): n In Options, set the Working color space to Rec.2020/S-Log3 (HDR). n In Options, enable the SDR gain switch and adjust the Gain slider to choose the gain that will be applied when exporting to an SDR format or displaying on an SDR display. n In Options, set the Preview color space to Rec.709 or Rec.2020. EDITING CATALYST PREPARE OPTIONS 161 When converting HDR media to standard dynamic range color spaces, use the following settings to preserve more of the dynamic range of the original HDR media: n In Options, set the Working color space to Rec.709. n In the Inspector, set the Convert to color space to 709(800), HG8009G33, or HG8009G40. For more information, see "Applying color correction" on page 144.Choosing an external video monitor device and resolution Choose a setting from the External monitor device drop-down list to display your video preview on an external monitor via a Blackmagic Design device: n DeckLink 4K Extreme 12G, 4K Pro, 4K Extreme, Studio 4K, SDI 4K, HD Extreme, Extreme 3D, and Mini Monitor. n Intensity Shuttle, Pro 4K, and Pro. n UltraStudio 4K Extreme, 4K, Pro, SDI, Express, and Mini Monitor. Choose a setting from the Monitor resolution drop-down list to choose the display resolution for your monitor. If you have a Blackmagic Design device that supports multiple displays (or have multiple Blackmagic Design devices), you can enable two external monitors, allowing you to monitor SDR and HDR output simultaneously. n You can set the display resolution for each display independently. n The first external monitor will use the External monitor color space setting, and the second external monitor will use the Preview color space setting. 162 CHAPTER 7 Chapter 8 Keyboard shortcuts Shortcut keys can help streamline your work with Catalyst Prepare software. The available shortcut keys are arranged in tables according to function. Global shortcuts The following keyboard shortcuts are available when the Video or Media Browser pane has focus. Command Enter full-screen preview/playback Windows Shortcut F11 or Ctrl+F Exit full-screen preview/playback Esc, F11, or Ctrl+F Switch between Media Browser/Edit workspaces Show/hide the Inspector/Copy/Export/Share pane Show/hide the Inspector pane Show/hide the Copy pane Show/hide the Export pane Show/hide the Share pane Show/hide the secondary window Open application help Alt+W Ctrl+I Alt+1 Alt+2 Alt+3 Alt+4 Alt+V macOS Shortcut ⌘ -F or Control- ⌘ -F Esc, ⌘ -F, or Control-⌘ -F Option-W ⌘ -I Option-1 Option-2 Option-3 Option-4 Option-V Fn-F1 (F1 if the Use all F1, F2, etc. keys as standard function keys setting is selected) KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS 163 Media Browser The following keyboard shortcuts are available when the Media Browser pane has focus. Command Navigate files/folders Windows Shortcut macOS Shortcut Up, Down, Left, or Up, Down, Left, or Right Arrow Right Arrow Open/close folder in tree view Right/Left Arrow Right/Left Arrow Select all files Deselect all files Delete selected files Ctrl+A Ctrl+D Delete Load file and start/pause playback Spacebar ⌘ -A ⌘ -D Delete or fn+Delete Spacebar Open selected folder Navigate up one level Go to start/end of list Enter or Ctrl+Down Return or ⌘ -Down Arrow Arrow Backspace ⌘ -Up Arrow Home End Home End Move selection up/down one page Page Up Page Up Page Down Page Down Rename Fn-F2 (F2 if the Use all F1, F2, etc. keys as standard function keys setting is selected) Open library New library Editing Ctrl+O Ctrl+N ⌘ -O ⌘ -N The following keyboard shortcuts are available when the Edit pane has focus. 164 CHAPTER 8 Command Windows Shortcut macOS Shortcut Switch Logging/Storyboard/Clip/Adjust Colors Load previous/next file in Edit mode. Go to previous/next clip in Storyboard mode. [ ] Save a snapshot of the current frame to a file. Shift+S Reset mark in and mark out points to the beginning and end of Shift+R the clip. [ ] Shift-S Shift-R Switch between Before/After/Split/2 Up video preview in Adjust 1/2/3/4 1/2/3/4 Color mode. Show/hide the Media Browser in View mode Create subclip from selection in Logging mode. Ctrl+B Add clip to selected storyboard (when the Add To bar is visible). Enter Undo color correction Redo color correction ⌘ -B Return ⌘ -Z Ctrl+Z Ctrl+Shift+Z Shift-⌘ -Z Ctrl+Y KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS 165 Playback and preview The following keyboard shortcuts are available when the Video pane has focus. Command Go to start Go to end Go to previous frame Go to next frame Go to previous clip Go to next clip Start/pause playback Start/stop playback Shuttle playback Toggle looped playback 166 CHAPTER 8 Windows Shortcut Ctrl+Home macOS Shortcut ⌘ -Home Ctrl+Up Arrow ⌘ -Up Arrow Fn- Left Arrow Ctrl+End ⌘ -End Ctrl+Down Arrow ⌘ -Down Arrow End Fn- Right Arrow Left Arrow Left Arrow Right Arrow Right Arrow Spacebar Spacebar Enter J/K/L Return Press J or L once for 1x playback. Press J or L twice for 1.5x playback. Press J or L three times for 2x playback. Press J or L four times for 4x playback. Press K to pause playback. Press and hold K while pressing J or L to emulate a shuttle knob mode: press K+J to turn the knob to the left or K+L to turn the knob to the right. Ctrl+L ⌘ -L Command Set Mark In point Set Mark Out point Add mark point Adding and editing essence marks is supported only for XDCAM MXF clips and requires write access to the volume. Go to Mark In point Go to Mark Out point Save a snapshot of the current frame to a file.Reset Mark In/Out points Windows Shortcut macOS Shortcut Shift+I Home Shift+O End Shift+S Shift+R Shift-I Home Shift-O End Shift-S Shift-R Go to previous marker (including Mark In/Out) Ctrl+Left Arrow ⌘ -Left Arrow Go to next marker (including Mark In/Out) Ctrl+Right Arrow ⌘ -Right Arrow Copy current frame to clipboard Enter full-screen playback Show/hide the secondary window Zoom to fit Zoom to 100% Zoom in Zoom out Ctrl+C F11 Ctrl+F Alt+V Ctrl+0 Ctrl+1 Ctrl++ Ctrl+- ⌘ -C ⌘ -F Control-⌘ -F Option-V ⌘ -0 ⌘ -1 ⌘ -+ ⌘ -- KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS 167 168 CHAPTER 8 Chapter 9 Gestures Media Browser pane Gesture Tap Double-tap Result Selects and loads a file. Opens a file in the Video pane. One-finger drag (touchscreen) Scrolls the list vertically. Two-finger drag (trackpad) One-finger flick (touchscreen) Scrolls the list with inertia. Two-finger flick (trackpad) Video pane Gesture Double-tap Result Toggles the zoom level between 100% and Fit. One-finger drag (touchscreen) Pans the image. Two-finger drag (trackpad) One-finger flick (touchscreen) Pans the image with inertia. Two-finger flick (trackpad) Pinch Zooms the image in and out.GESTURES 169 Index .ccolor files 135, 150 .cube files 133, 139, 142 .smi files 110, 114 1D LUT export 150 3D LUT export 150 50p half-step timecode 156 60p half-step timecode 156 Add custom metadata 110 Add custom metadata | Default.Prolog | [61] 44 add existing folder 13, 19 add padding to clips 45 Add to bin 15, 47 Add to Favorites 18 add watermark 45 adding clips 112, 115 adding clips to bins 19 adding media to library 12 adding shot marks 108 address/port (FTP) 27 Adjust SR Live settings manually 145, 157 Adobe Premiere 52 AIR matching 148, 161 all frames playback 97 anamorphic stretch 103 apply ASC-CDL 137 apply color preset 135 ASC-CDL export 150 ASC-CDL files 134, 137 assigning audio channels 107 audio channel assignment 107 audio channels 107 Audio channels 43 audio meters 102 Automatically Added bin 13 Automatically rotate thumbnails 156 AVCHD relay clips 120 Avid Media Composer 52 backing up volumes 58 bin export 20 bin location 13 bins 19 browse remote server 28, 60 burn in clip name 44 burn in timecode 44 BVM-X300 149 bypass OOTF 148, 161 card backup 58 channel assignment 107 channel routing 102 Ci Workspace 52 CinemaScope overlay 104 cleaning bins 20 clip settings 102 clip list from selection 111 clip lists 110 INDEX 170 clip name 44 Clip rotation 103, 156 clip stitching 43, 123 clip stitching | Default.Pro- cropping ratio 122 curves 133 custom metadata export 44, 109 log,Default.Hidden,Default.Browser | [230] 122 Clips rotation 103, 156 close growing MXF files 16 closing the library 11 color adjustments 125 color correction 125 editing 125 exporting 150 loading 135 color curves 133 color presets 135, 150 color sliders 134 color space 131 color temperature slider 132 color wheels 130 combine clips 122 combining relay clips 120 consolidating library media 24 continuous playback 94, 100 continuous timecode 43, 123 Converting HDR to SDR color spaces 148, 161 Copy all related media 48 copy channel assignments 108 Copy clips only 15-16, 48 copy clips to a device 46 Copy only between mark points 49 copy snapshot to clipboard 101 copy to bin 47 copy to FTP 49 Copy with verification 15-16, 50 Create subfolder 15, 47 Create XDROOT folder 61 creating a library 11, 13, 17-18 creating clip lists 111 creating storyboards 114 creating subclips 25 171 INDEX default look profile 133 default transcode format 155 deinterlacing 40, 97, 155 delete files 23 delete items older than X days 20 delete items that can no longer be found 20 delete transcoding preset 57 deleting shot marks 109 deleting subclips 26 desqueeze 45, 103 device copy 49 disc backup 58 disconnect FTP 27 discontinuous timecode 99, 105 display CinemaScope overlay 104 Display color space (external monitor) 160 Display color space (video preview) 159 display mode 62-63 display secondary window 156 DPX frame rate 105 Edit remote server 27 editing clips 24 editing essence marks 108 editing summary metadata 106 EDL importing 119 linking clips 119 replacing clips 120 unlinking clips 119 embed NRT metadata 16 essence marks 100, 105 export bins as folders 20 export bins tp Final Cut Pro X 22 export bins tp Premiere 21 exporting clips 26 exporting metadata 109 exporting storyboards 51, 118 exposure slider 132 external monitor color space 160 external monitor device 162 external monitor resolution 162 fast copy 49 Favorite Folders 18 file formats 65, 91 file information 105 filter by date created 63 filter by flag 63 filter by fomat 63 filter by type 63 filtering clips 63 Final Cut Pro X 52 finalizing Professional Disc volumes 64 finding media 59 fit 96 flash bands 45, 124 flip horizontal 103 flip vertical 103 folder (FTP) 27 FTP protocol 27 FTP server settings 27 FTPS protocol 27 full-frame-rate playback 96 full-screen preview 96 gestures 169 Go to End 98 Go to Start 97 GPS information 105 GPS links 105, 156 GPU acceleration 155 grade in 157 grading color space 131, 157 graticule 128 growing MXF files 14, 17, 64 growing MXF files, closing 16 gyroscope 121 half-step timecode display 156 histogram monitor 128 formatting for PZW-4000 61 Import only between in/out points 16 formatting Professional Disc volumes 64 import transcode preset 56 formatting SxS 64 frame rate 105 FTP 26, 60 FTP copy 49 FTP devices browsing 28 connecting 26 disconnecting 27 reconnecting 27 removing 27 SxS media 29 USB storage 29 importing a LUT 132 importing an EDL 119 JKL shuttle 98 Kelvin temperature 132 keyboard shortcuts 163 INDEX 172 library add existing folder 13, 19 adding clips to bins 19 adding folders 19 adding media 12 cleaning bins 20 closing 11 consolidating 24 creating 11 creating subclips 25 deleting subclips 26 new folder 19 opening 11 organizing 18 removing clips 23 removing folders 19 renaming bins 20 renaming clips 23 save as 24 library indicator 13 linking clips in an EDL 119 list view 62 Load settings from current clip 145, 157 Load SR Live settings 145, 157 load transcode preset 56 loading a library 11 logging 99 look profile 132-133, 139, 142 look up table 133 look, default 133 loop playback 100 Loop Playback 98 LTC 99, 105 LUT 133 LUT export 150 LUT import 132 magnifying glass 96 173 INDEX Make default look profile 133 map metadata 105, 156 mark in 99, 106 mark out 100, 106 Mask options 104 Masking ratio 104 master volume 102 Media Browser pane 59 merge clips 122 metadata 105 metadata export 109 metadata for proxy clips 48 metadata, stabilization 121 meters 102 missing media 58 monitor color space 160 monitor resolution 162 mono channel 107 move clip to bin 19, 23 moving clips between library folders 22 multicam,synchronizing audio 120 multicamera clips, synchronizing 120 navigating the timeline 98 new clip list from selection 111 new empty clip list 111 new empty storyboard 114 New Folder 19 new library 13, 17-18, 20-22 Next Frame 97 NRT metadata 16 numbering 15, 39, 48, 54-55 offline media 58 open clip list 111 open GPS links with 105, 156 open MXF files 14, 17, 64 open MXF files, closing 16 open storyboard 114 OpenEXR frame rate 105 opening a library 11 options 155 ordering clips 112, 115 Organize 18 override source timecode 45, 50 partial copy 16, 21-22, 49 password 27 paste channel assignment 108 PD-EDL clip lists 110, 114, 119 perserve source UMID 50 Play 97 play all frames 97 play in real time 97 playing media 93 prefix 15, 39, 48, 54-55 Premiere Pro CS6 52 Preview color space 159 preview proxy clips 156 previewing storyboards 118 Previous Frame 97 Professional Disc format 64 protocol 27 proxy editing 58 proxy metadata 48 proxy preview 156 PZW-4000 29, 61 real time playback 97 Rec.2020 160 Rec.709 160 reconnect FTP 27 relay clips, combining 120 relinking library media 58 remote server 60 remove clips 23 Remove remote server 27 removing clips 113, 116 Rename files 15, 39, 48, 54-55 renaming clips 23 renaming folders 20 rendering storyboards 50 reordering clips 112, 115 repairing flash bands 45, 124 replace source media 120 Reset mark in/out points 100 reset options 155 Reset to default look profile 133 reset transcoding settings 46 Rotate preview (degrees) 103 rotated clips 103, 156 safe areas 103 saturation slider 134 save settings, transcoding 46 save snapshot 102 save snapshots to 157 save transcode preset 56 save transcoding settings 46 scrub control 98 SDR gain 145, 157 SDR knee 146, 158 SDR Knee point 146, 158 SDR Knee slope 146, 158 searching for clips 63 secondary window 156 select files 64 sequential playback 94 server name (FTP) 26 sharing files with Ci Workspace 52 sharing files with YouTube 55 shortcuts 163 shot mark 108 Show in Explorer 24, 64 Show in Finder 24, 64 show safe areas 103 INDEX 174 show secondary window 156 shuttle control 98 sliders 132 snapshot image format 157 Sony BVM-X300 149 source color space 131 source UMID 50 tint slider 132 tone curve 133 touchscreen navigation 169 trackpad navigation 169 transcode clips before upload 53 Transcode preset 40 transcode presets 56 split-screen preview 94, 128 transcode using proxy source clip 45 transcoding clips 38 transcoding settings, saving 46 transferring clips via FTP 26 transport controls 97 UMID (Unique Material Identifier) 50 unlinking clips in an EDL 119 upload original clips 53 uploading to Ci 24, 64 uploading to Ci Workspace 52 uploading to YouTube 55 upscaling 40, 97, 155 use anamorphic setting 45, 103 Use fast device-to-device copy 49 use flip and desqueeze settings 103 Use flip, rotate, and desqueeze settings 45 use mark in/out points 45 Use SR Live metadata 145, 157 user name 27 vectorscope monitor 128 Vegas Pro EDL 52 verification mode 16, 50 Video pane 93 video preview 128 video processing device 155 VTR-style playback 94 stabilization mode 122 stabilize clips 121 starting frame index 41 stereo pair 107 stitch clips 43, 123 stitch clips | Default.Pro- log,Default.Hidden,Default.Browser | [230] 122 stitching clips 122 storyboards 114 creating empty 114 creating from selection 114 deleting 119 editing clips 116 editing color correction 117 exporting 51, 118 previewing 118 renaming 119 rendering 50 subclips 25 suffix 15, 39, 48, 54-55 supported formats 65, 91 SxS format 64 SxS media 29 synchronizing multicamera clips 120 Tangent element 137 temperature slider 132 thumbnail frames 156 thumbnail view 62 timecode 44 timecode break 99, 105 175 INDEX watermark 45 waveform monitor 127 wheels 130 working color space 157 XDCAM EDL 110 XDCAM Professional Disc format 64 XDROOT folder 61 YouTube 55 INDEX 176