Logitech Website Privacy Statement LOGITECH WEBSITE PRIVACY STATEMENT Last updated: July 2023 This privacy notice explains how Logitech collects and uses personal data from visitors to its web and mobile sites that link directly to this notice (collectively “Sites”). Your personal data is controlled by Logitech Europe S.A. (collectively “Logitech”, ''We” and “Us”). Actively Submitted Data If you call us, send us an email, or fill out a form on one of our Sites, we use the information you provide to respond to your request or to otherwise communicate with you or assist you. If you make purchases through our Sites, we may collect data necessary to process your order, such as your shipping address, products ordered, and your contact information. Passively Provided Data When you access our Sites, depending on your opt-in choices, certain information about your computer or mobile device is shared with us, which may include the activities you perform on our Sites, the type of hardware and software you are using, (such as your operating system or browser), information stored in cookies, IP address, access times, the web pages from which you came, the regions from which you navigate the web page, and the web pages you access. We use this information to better understand the interests of the users of our Sites, to improve our Sites, services, and products. We do not currently respond to “Do Not Track” signals in browsers as we are trying to provide a customized website experience. Cookies Logitech uses cookies that are essentially small data files placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone, or other devices. Click here to learn more about cookies. Data use and sharing We use the data we collect to provide you with rich, interactive experiences. In particular, we may use data to: provide the service or carry out the transactions at your request;improve and develop our products;personalize your experience;process job applications you submit through our Sites;advertise and market to you subject to applicable legal requirements, which may include sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you with relevant offers. We do not sell your personal data. We may share your personal data with third parties under certain circumstances. We use affiliated and unaffiliated service providers that help us process personal data to deliver services and run our business subject to strict confidentiality agreements. For example, service providers help deliver the following functions: Customer Support Contact data, Inquiry data To help troubleshoot and support products and services E-Commerce Functionality Contact data, Interactions with website To facilitate sales of our products online Promotions and Relevant News Contact data, Cookie data To provide information and incentives for our products and services Website performance Cookie data, Interactions with website To enable functionality and features while on our websites Cookie Opt-In Manager Cookie data To provide the ability to choose cookies to be allowed on our websites These companies are required to abide by our data protection and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose. We may disclose your personal information to comply with relevant laws, regulatory requirements, and to respond to lawful requests, court orders, and legal process; to protect and defend the rights or property of us or third parties, including enforcing agreements, policies, and terms of use; in an emergency, including to protect the safety of our employees or any person; or in connection with investigating or preventing fraud. We may share your personal data for purposes of a business deal, or negotiation of a business deal, involving sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets. These deals can include any merger, financing, acquisition, divestiture, joint venture or partnership, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding. We also freely use and share aggregated and pseudonymous information for performance and analytics purposes that cannot be used to identify you individually. Children We do not knowingly collect or maintain information about persons under 13 years of age. If we learn that information about persons under 13 years of age has been collected on or through the Sites, we will take appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under 13 years of age who has registered for an account or service on our Sites, please contact us using the contact information below to have that child’s account or service terminated and personal information deleted.Data Retention We retain personal data for as long as necessary to provide functionality and fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other legitimate purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. Because these needs can vary for different data types, the context of our interactions with you or your use of our Sites, actual retention periods can vary significantly. Data Security We use TLS certificates, encryption, data access limitations, anti-virus software, and firewalls to reduce the risk of unauthorized access to personal data. No data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network is entirely secure. Be mindful of security risks when you transmit personal data to us and when you post information in our public forums. If you would like to report any security issues in any of our products, please fill out the form and required attachments and send it to Logitech Security . Controlling and accessing your information You may request that we update or delete/deactivate certain information pertaining to you. If we cannot remove some personal information, we will let you know why. If you have subscribed to marketing emails, you may stop the delivery by following the unsubscribe instructions contained in the email received or at the subscription management page on our Site: https://www.logitech.com/subscribe . You also have the right to request how your data is processed and with whom we share it. Additionally, if you believe certain information Logitech processes about you is inaccurate, you have the right to have this information corrected. We will endeavor to respond to your request to review the information we have on file for you within 30 days from receiving such request. If you have questions, comments, or would like to make a request regarding your data or our Statement, past Statements, and data practices, please contact us at support.logitech.com/response-center or through the following methods: Phone: +1 646-454-3200 Email: support.logitech.com/response-center Postal Mail: Logitech Privacy Officer, 3930 North First Street, San Jose, CA 95134 USA If you are not satisfied with our response, you can refer your privacy complaint or dispute to the relevant state or national data protection authority in your jurisdiction. Privacy Rights for California Residents Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended, including by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (together, CCPA), California residents have certain rights around Logitech's collection, use, and sharing of their personal information. Logitech does not sell your personal information and will not do so in the future without providing you with notice and an opportunity to opt-out. Similarly, we do not offer financial incentives associated with our collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information. If you require this notice in an alternative format, please email privacy@logitech.com or call our toll-free number +1 800 711 8156. Logitech collects various categories of personal information when you use the Service, including identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network or device activity information, geolocation data, and professional information. A more detailed description of the information We collect and how we use it, the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information, and what information may be shared under different circumstances, can be found in this policy above. If you are a resident of California, you have the right to request to know what personal information has been collected about you, how we use, share and disclose it, and to access that information. You also have the right to request that we delete your personal information, though exceptions under the CCPA may allow Logitech to retain and use certain personal information. We do not sell your personal information. In limited circumstances we share your personal information for advertising. You can “opt-out” of having your personal information used for this purpose by contacting us at support.logitech.com/response-center . You can learn more about how to submit a data rights request through contact details located within this policy. You may also send your request by email to privacy@logitech.com or call our toll-free number +1 800 711 8156. An agent may submit a request on your behalf, but you must provide proof that the agent is authorized to do so by providing the agent with a signed letter giving permission to submit a request on your behalf and you must confirm that authorization directly with us by sending an email to privacy@logitech.com . We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not deny you goods or services, charge different prices or rates, or provide a different service level for exercising your privacy rights.California’s Shine the Light Law Separate from the CCPA, California’s Shine the Light law gives California residents the right to ask companies what personal information they share with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose your personal information to third parties for the purpose of directly marketing their goods or services to you unless you request it. If you have any questions regarding this policy, or would like to change your preferences, you may contact us at the address listed in this policy. Change to this Statement We will occasionally update this Statement. If there are material changes to this Statement or in how we will use your personal information, we will prominently post the changes before making them. We will not make any changes that are less protective of your personal information collected in the past without your consent. We encourage you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how we are protecting your information. Thank you for your interest in Logitech and our products and services. About Logitech Story Careers Investors Blog Press Contact Us Values Social Impact Sustainability Recycling Accessibility Partners Affiliate Program Influencer CUSTOMERS Return Policy Email Preferences Student Discount Yes, I want to receive news and product emails. Read our privacy policy . United States Cart Free shipping on orders over $29 & free returns Item Subtotal: (Not Including Tax or Shipping) Promo Code msg flash Or Privacy Preference Center Your PrivacyStrictly Necessary CookiesAnalytics CookiesFunctional CookiesMarketing Cookies Your Privacy When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Analytics Cookies Analytics Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Marketing Cookies Marketing Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Back Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy Policy Effective: September 13, 2021 Digital River’s Commitment to Privacy Digital River, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively “Digital River”, “we”, and “us”) is a world-class online global reseller services provider. We provide essential compliance, fraud, tax and payment services to the supplier or manufacturer (“Supplier”) whose name appears on the website or commerce solution where this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) appears (“Site”). When we make products and service rights (“services”) available for sale through the Site, we do so as an authorized reseller on behalf of our Supplier. We are committed to earning and keeping your trust, while giving you control over the information that is personal to you. Being accountable to you is a responsibility we take seriously. Our commitment to privacy, including processing and protecting personal data, is demonstrated in this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy"). This Privacy Policy applies to our processing of personal information collected from the Site where this Privacy Policy appears. This Privacy Policy does not apply to our Supplier’s use of information nor does it apply to information collected by other third parties. Please carefully review each privacy policy posted on each Site you visit. Contents Key Terms The following key terms shall be used in this Privacy Policy: Aggregated Data: Data that is consolidated and presented in a summarized manner, not by individual. Anonymous Information: Information that has undergone anonymization such that it can no longer be used to identify an individual and cannot be combined with other information to re-identify an individual. Data Controller: The natural person or legal entity which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purpose for which data is used and the means of the processing of Personal Data. De-identified Data: Data where certain identifiers are removed to prevent a person's identity from being directly connected with the information (such as masking certain personal identifiers). Personal Data: Any information relating to or regarding an identified or identifiable natural person or information that can be used to identify you (or your household), either alone or in combination with other information available to us. This may include your name, shipping and billing address, e-mail address, phone number, identification number (where applicable), date of birth (where applicable), time and location data, bank account information, transaction and payment records, delivery records and other information associated with your account. Special Categories of Data: Categories of Personal Data that require a heightened level of protection under data protection legislation in some jurisdictions because it reveals or concerns sensitive information, such as health matters, race, or ethnic origin. Standard Contractual Clauses: Any set of contractual clauses, approved by the European Commission, for the transfer of personal data to processors established in a third country (outside of the EU/EEA) where that third country does not ensure an adequate level of protection. Supervisory Authority: Supervisory Authority (or its equivalent under any data protection legislation) is the independent public authority to whom consumers may lodge a complaint. Information We Collect When you place an order from or otherwise use the Site, we collect the following types of information: Information You Manually Provide In the process of placing an order on the Site, you provide information required to complete your transaction, validate your identity, confirm compliance with regulations related to the purchase, and to complete the transaction. This may include information such as address, credit card data, or stored wallet billing information. This information is provided to us under the conditions established under this Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of our Supplier. In addition to transactional information, you may provide additional information when seeking support for your purchase or other services from us, such as when you use customer service or download or register products. We may also collect information you provide us if you enter a contest or promotion, or sign-up to receive newsletters or related services. We may also collect information when you apply for a job opening or otherwise submit employment data to us. Special Categories of Data Generally, we do not collect or process Special Categories of Data. However, there could be a situation (such as for employment purposes) where we may process such data. In this case, we will be sure to comply with applicable data protection legislation, including relying on the necessary legal grounds to process the data (e.g., processing health data for an insurance contract). We shall use reasonable security practices and procedures to safeguard your Special Categories of Data.Information from Your Browser or Device We may also receive information from your web browser. This may include information that does not identify you personally (such as the date and time of your visit). The information we receive depends on the settings on your web browser. Unless prohibited by law, creating a user identity during a visit to the Site constitutes your consent to processing your Personal Data, and we may link the information your browser provides to information that identifies you personally, as described below. Please consult your browser’s help function to learn how to change the settings. We may also collect limited Personal Data (e-mail address) through web technologies in connection with your use of the Site, as described below. Geolocation Information When you use a smart phone, mobile device or computer to access the Site or use our mobile application, we may collect information about your physical location. We may combine this information with other location-based information (e.g., your IP address and billing/postal code), to provide you with other services on your mobile device. We share your location information only with third parties that help us provide you with services. You can opt out of sharing this information by changing the permissions in your mobile device. Cookies and Other Similar Technologies The information we collect using cookies and similar technologies is not typically personally identifiable, but we may link it to Personal Data that you provide. We use cookies and other similar technologies to collect information and support certain features of the Site. As the Internet evolves, we may use different types of technologies for this purpose. For example, we may use these technologies to collect information about how visitors use the Site (such as which pages they visit, links they use). We analyze this information to better understand our visitors' interests, needs and to improve the content and functionality of the Site. We may also use the information to support Site features by not asking you to re-enter information we already possess. We also use this information to personalize your experience when you use the Site and to improve marketing efforts, including through use of targeted advertising. If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may set your browser to reject cookies or to alert you when a cookie is placed on your computer. Although you are not required to accept cookies, you may be unable to use all the Site functionality if your browser rejects our cookies. For more about our use of cookies and similar technologies, see our cookies statement . Third-Party Cookies and Other Similar Technologies Web technologies may also be placed on the Site by third party providers. Also, we or third-party providers may place web technologies on behalf of the Supplier whose branding appears on the Site or its service providers. In this way, our Supplier would be allowed to use the data collected. This information is used to enhance your experience with the Site, for marketing analysis, for targeted and display advertising, and for quality improvement. We may collect your IP address through web technologies. We and our Suppliers may use third party service providers in connection with the Site, which may include but are not limited to: Alexa Metrics, Google Analytics, Omniture, and ClickTale. These and other service providers may collect information about your visits to websites, your interaction with that website, and the products and services offered by us or our Suppliers. Their collection and use of information are subject to their own privacy policies. For more information regarding these third-party services and how to opt out, please visit www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp , www.aboutads.info/choices , or https://www.youronlinechoices.com/ (in the EU and UK). Information from Third Parties We may also receive certain information about you from third parties, such as through your use of a social network authentication to sign-in to the Site, your use of an authenticated payment method, or through other online data sources, according to the rules of the use and processing of such information established by the respective source. If any Personal Data are freely available or accessible in the public domain, we will not have any obligations to you regarding the same. Our Lawful Basis for Processing Personal Data In certain jurisdictions, the processing of your Personal Data is lawful only if it is permitted under data protection legislation. We rely on several legal grounds to ensure that our processing and use of your data is compliant with applicable laws and that we have a lawful basis for processing activities as outlined below: Performance of a Contract. By completing a transaction through this Site, you are entering into a contract for the sale of products or services, which is governed by our Terms of Sale .We must process your personal information to fulfill our obligations under that contract. Consent. By using the Site or otherwise submitting your Personal Data to us, you consent to our collection, use and sharing of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not consent to this Privacy Policy, please do not use or submit your information through the Site. Legitimate Interest. We may process Personal Data where processing is necessary for our (or a third party’s) legitimate interests where those interests are not overridden by the interests or rights and freedoms of the data subject. We will process your data based on legitimate interest, for reasons such as for fraud screening, payment optimization, and compliance with any applicable regulatory scheme governing the transaction. We may process your Personal Data to market to and contact you or to start a conversation using data collected from public sources. We may also, in compliance with applicable law, process your data based on legitimate interest in the employment context. Other Lawful Basis. We may also process your data based on another lawful basis such as where the processing is necessary to comply with legal obligations. How We Use Your Information When you visit the Site to complete a transaction, we will use your Personal Data in the following manner: In Connection with Your Transaction When you visit the Site to complete a transaction, we must process your data to complete the transaction and to comply with our transactional obligations, including processing necessary to: ensure security and monitor and prevent fraud;determine the country where you are located for trade compliance;process your order and payment, verify your tax status, contest chargebacks, determine your eligibility for a line of credit, or to send you transactional notifications;provide you with a personalized shopping experience;register your purchase with the manufacturer or service provider for warranty, technical support or similar purposes;provide you with keys, access codes or other information necessary to access your purchased products and services; provide notice of your purchase of a service right to the provider of that service;where you have consented, establish an account for future purchases;facilitate the renewal of subscriptions for subscription products or services; andprovide you with an effective experience and support. As allowable by law, this may include contacting you if you start a checkout process to follow-up on the incomplete session or to see if there was a problem with your use of the Site. Marketing and Related Communications When you provide Personal Data, we may offer you a choice as to whether you would like to receive further marketing and related communications from us or our Supplier. Where you have consented to receive them in accordance with applicable law, these communications could be in the form of direct mail, e-mail or telephone and will contain information relating to our or our Supplier’s products and services. At any time, you may opt-out of receiving these communications by e-mailing us at remove@digitalriver.com , or by following any unsubscribe instructions in e-mail communications. Except where otherwise required by law, if you give us consent to add your contact information to our Supplier's mailing list and later withdraw this permission, you must contact our Supplier (or follow the unsubscribe instructions in the e-mails from our Supplier) to have your name removed from our Supplier's mailing lists. Our Use of Anonymous Information We may use a process called anonymization to make data collected by us Anonymous Information. In this case, all personal data elements, such as name, street address, phone number, email address, and others will be anonymized in accordance with applicable law. We may use the Anonymous Information to: perform fraud prevention activities, such as device fingerprinting;personalize and support your use of the Site and/or the services of our Supplier;improve the Site, the customer experience, our advertising systems, and our products and services;identify transactions as originating through an affiliate marketing or referral program;deliver targeted advertisements on the Site and other commerce solutions;provide reporting to our current and prospective Suppliers and service providers; and conduct other historical or statistical research and analysis. We may also use De-identified Data for the same purposes as described in this section, as well as for related purposes, as allowed by applicable law.Other Ways We Use Your Personal Data We may also use your Personal Data: to verify compliance with applicable laws;to verify that data we have about you is accurate;as identified in any supplemental privacy notice posted on the Site;to contact you if you have requested communication from us; andfor human resources such as to collect your email address if you are applying for a position online. Joint Use Digital River may use and jointly share Personal Data with other Digital River entities listed here . The scope of the joint use is explained below. Consumer data we collect while providing of our global reseller services, such as name, shipping and billing address, e-mail address, phone number, transaction and payment records, delivery records and other information associated with your consumer account;Human Resource data, such as employee data or prospective employee data; andOther data we collect when you visit the Site or otherwise utilize our services. Digital River, Inc., Digital River GmbH, and/or Digital River Ireland Ltd. are responsible for managing Personal Data subject to the joint use. How We Share Your Information Digital River will never sell your Personal Data. However, we may share your Personal Data as explained in this section. We will take reasonable steps to ensure any person or entity receiving Personal Data for the purposes described within this Privacy Policy are obligated to keep the Personal Data secure. If we collect or receive Special Categories of Data and it is necessary for us to transfer that Data to a third party, we will share the details of that entity with you where we are required to do so by applicable law. Our obligations will not apply to information shared with any government entity mandated under law to obtain such information or by an order under law for the time being in force. External Processing We utilize other companies, including our corporate affiliates, service providers, and other processors to provide certain services to us (or on our behalf), based on our instructions, and in compliance with appropriate confidentiality and security measures. These service providers provide services globally, including: providing fraud monitoring or detection services;hosting or maintaining the Site; performing data integrity checks; providing optimization services; processing credit card payments; offering you a line of credit; collecting payments; fulfilling your order; delivering advertisements on the Site and third-party websites; sending mail or e-mail; providing employment and human resources related services; and/or providing customer service. We will not share your Personal Data with our service providers unless it is required for the purposes of our legitimate interests or for fulfilling our obligations to you. These service providers may be contractually required to use any information we share with them only to perform services to us or on our behalf and to protect the confidentiality of your Personal Data. We may also allow these companies to use Anonymous Information for their business purposes. We will not share your Personal Data with our affiliates or unrelated third parties to use for their own marketing purposes without your consent. With Our Suppliers We will provide certain Personal Data, Anonymous Information or De-identified Data to our Suppliers to fulfill our obligations to you and to otherwise assist our use as described in the "How We Use Your Information" section, including: for reporting purposes;fulfilling your order;to allow our Supplier or its service provider to register your purchase;to enable your access to products or services provided by our Supplier or its suppliers;to facilitate warranty, technical support, or after-sales service;providing customer service;to allow our Supplier or its service provider to provide services in connection with the Site (such as customer support or single sign-on functionality); to allow our Supplier or its service provider to send communications if you have consented to receive them; orfor other similar purposes which are necessary for us to fulfill our obligations to you. To Comply with Legal Requirements, Prevent Fraud and Crimes As permitted by applicable law, we may disclose Personal Data about you when we believe disclosure is appropriate to: comply with a legal requirement;cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental investigations or report any activities that may be in violation of legal or regulatory requirements;prevent or investigate a possible crime (such as fraud or identity theft) or breaches (also suspected breaches) of security or of this Privacy Policy; protect the legal rights or safety of Digital River, our employees, Suppliers, third parties, the general public, or you.In connection with a Sale, Merger or Related Event If one of our corporate affiliates or a third party has acquired our business, specific assets or the business of one of our operating divisions (such as part of a sale, merger, reorganization, or similar event), your Personal Data will become owned by that company, unless otherwise provided for by local legislation. In that event, the acquiring company's use of your Personal Data will be subject to the governing Privacy Policy, any applicable supplemental privacy notices, and the privacy preferences you have expressed to Digital River prior to merger. Aggregated or De-Identified Data We may use or share information that has been aggregated or de-identified so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify an individual. We may use or share this information in several ways, including for fraud prevention services or for analytical purposes. How We Protect Your Information We will process your Personal Data on secure, cloud-based computer servers. Your commerce transaction will be optimally processed in or near the region from which you initiated your session. This means that the processing of your Personal Data will take place in either the United States and/or Ireland. A copy and/or back-up of your Personal Data may be stored and otherwise processed in our cloud service provider in Ireland in accordance with Digital River’s disaster recovery program. No method of transmitting or storing data is completely secure, however, we take reasonable steps to provide a level of security appropriate to the sensitivity of the information we collect. We have implemented physical, technical, and administrative security practices and safeguards reasonably designed to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access and disclosure. When we collect or transmit sensitive information such as a financial account number, we use industry standard methods to protect that information as required by applicable laws. Although we use reasonable measures to protect your information, we cannot guarantee the security of information provided over the Internet or stored in our databases. You are also responsible for taking reasonable steps to protect your information against unauthorized disclosure or misuse, for example, by protecting your password and signing off when finished using a shared computer or mobile device. We leverage industry best practices to mitigate potential compromises. If the Personal Data under the custody of Digital River is (or is likely to be) divulged, damaged or lost, we will immediately take remedial measures, inform you, if impacted, in a timely manner and report to the competent government agencies as required by applicable laws. Your Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data We respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use, and share your Personal Data. Accessing Your Data. If you would like to review, correct, restrict the processing of, object to direct marketing, or request erasure of your Personal Data, please send us a request using the information in the "How to Contact Us" section of this Privacy Policy. Editing and Deleting Data. if there is any error in the Personal Data that you have submitted to us or if you would like to request erasure or deletion of your Personal Data, please contact us using the information in the “How to Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy and we will take appropriate measures. Objecting to Data Use. You have the right to object to our processing of Personal Data for direct marketing purposes. We do not sell your Personal data, nor will we use it for Direct Marketing purposes without your consent. If you contact us, we may ask you for additional information to verify your identity. We reserve the right to limit or deny your request if you have failed to provide enough information to verify your identity or to satisfy our legal and business requirements as noted in our data retention policy. When we delete your Personal Data or Special Categories of Data, it will be disposed of in a manner that prevents loss, theft, misuse, or unauthorized access in-line with our data retention policy. You have the right to report to your local Supervisory Authority where you feel as though your rights under data protection legislation have not been appropriately considered. However, before doing so, please contact us directly as we are committed to working with you to help resolve any concerns about your privacy. Data Retention Policy Digital River may retain your Personal Data and transactional data for as long as you continue to use the Site, and thereafter as permitted or required by applicable law or to satisfy our business requirements.Do Not Track Requests If you opt-out of having your information collected through cookies and other web technologies, your existing display advertising cookie(s) will be deleted and a new cookie will attempt to be placed that instructs service providers not to track your future activities when that cookie is detected (a "no-track" cookie). If your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit our opt-out page, a "no-track" cookie cannot be set on your computer. Also, if you subsequently erase "no-track" cookies, use a different computer or change web browsers, you will need to opt out again. We currently do not respond to browser "no-track" signals. Children's PrivacyChildren's Privacy Policy Digital River’s services are not directed at nor targeted to children. If you have not reached the age of majority or are not able to enter into legally binding agreements in your country, you may not use the Site unless necessary parental consent has been obtained. If you believe that we have received information from a person protected under child protection laws where necessary parental consent was not obtained, please notify us immediately, and we will take reasonable steps to securely remove that information. Failure to Provide Personal Data or Grant Consent When Requested Where we are required to collect Personal Data under the law or in order to perform our contract with you and you fail to provide us with that data when requested, we may not be able to perform our contract with you. Consequently, we may not be able to provide you with the products and/or services you requested. For example, if you fail to provide your address information or if you fail to check the box agreeing to our Terms of Sale and Privacy Policy, we may not be able to complete your order. Data Controller All Personal Data collected by visiting the Site is controlled by Digital River, Inc., 10380 Bren Road West, Minnetonka, Minnesota 55343, USA. However, where, another Digital River entity is the global reseller service provider, as identified during the transaction, that entity is the Data Controller for any Personal Data provided to or collected during the transaction: Digital River Australia Pty Ltd. Richard Clayton, 8 Denison Street South Hobart, Tasmania, AU 7004 Australia Digital River Do Brasil Importação e Comércio de Produtos de Informática Ltda Av. Roque Petroni Jr, 1089 - conj. 905 - sala 1Sao Paulo-SP BrazilCEP: 04707-900 Digital River GmbH Scheidtweiler Strasse 4 Cologne, DE 50933 Germany Digital River Hong Kong Unit 908-915, Level 9, Core F, Room 25, Cyberport 3 100 Cyberport Road, HK Hong Kong Digital River India Private Ltd. 1302, Tower-3, Indiabulls Finance Centre Senapati Bapat Marg, Elphinstone Road Mumbai Maharashtra 400013 India Digital River Ireland Ltd. 3rd Floor Kilmore HousePark LaneSpencer DockDublin 1Ireland D01 XN99 Digital River Japan K.K. Tokyo Club Building 11F 3-2-6 Kasumigaseki Chiyoda-ku Tokyo 100-0013 Japan Digital River Korea, Limited 4 Floor 92, Hangang daero Yongsan-gu (Hangang ro 2 ga, LS Yongsan Tower), Seoul, Republic of Korea Digital River Mexico, S. de R.L. de C.V. Avenida Presidente Masaryk 111, Piso 1 Polanco V Seccion, Miguel HidalgoCiudad de Mexico Mexico Digital River Singapore Pte. Ltd. 35th Floor UOB Plaza 1 80 Raffles Place Singapore, SG 048624 Digital River Trading (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. AKA China Suite 1710 Building A, No. 331, North Caoxi RoadXuhui District Shanghai 200030 China Digital River UK Ltd 13th floorOne Angel CourtLondonEC2R 7HJUnited Kingdom DR APAC, LLC., Taiwan Branch 23F, 105, Sec.2 Tun Hwa S. Rd. Taipei 106 Taiwan, Province Of China DR globalTech, Inc. 10380 Bren Road WestMinnetonka, MN 55343 DigRiv North America, Inc. 10380 Bren Road WestMinnetonka, MN 55343 DigRiv Brasil Ltda Av. Roque Petroni Jr, 1089 - conj. 905 - sala 3Sao Paulo-SP BrazilCEP: 04707-900 DigRiv Ireland, Ltd 3rd Floor, Kilmore House, Park Lane, Spencer Dock Dublin 1, Ireland DigRiv UK Ltd 13th floorOne Angel CourtLondonEC2R 7HJUnited Kingdom Automated Processing In limited situations, we may use your Personal Data to help us make automated decisions to further improve our business. For example, where you have (if applicable) given consent in the context of marketing, we could use data to segment and target users with personalized messages, or we may use a job title to determine the user’s persona and alter the content accordingly. We may also use that users' geographic location and company data. In some circumstances, for account-based marketing, this could include "likes" that we find in the public domain. We rely on automated processing in our fraud monitoring tools to help us reduce the amount of manual review necessary to review orders for fraud. We could also rely on automated processing in the context of employment and to ensure our employees are adhering to our internal security policies.You have the right to avoid any decisions based on automated data processing where they can be characterized as profiling. However, we will not be able to process your transaction without using our fraud monitoring tools. Privacy Policy for European Residents If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), or Switzerland, any transfer of your Personal Data outside of that area is protected under Standard Contractual Clauses, or other appropriate data protection safeguards. Your Personal Data may be transferred to Digital River, Inc.'s cloud-based servers in the United States and the processing of your Personal Data in the United States. Your Personal Data may also be transmitted by us to other Digital River entities for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, for company administration purposes, and to other third-party data processors. For details of the transmission of your Personal Data to other Digital River entities, please see the "Joint Use" section of this policy. Exercising Your Legal Rights If wish to exercise you rights under the data protection legislation, please review the “Your Rights to Access and Control Your Persona Data” to find out how to exercise your rights. If you need further assistance regarding your rights, please contact our Data Protection Officer, KT Schmidt, Chief Administrative Officer at Digital River, Phone Number: 1 (952) 253-1234, E-mail: privacy@digitalriver.com . You have the right to report to your local Supervisory Authority where you feel as though your rights under data protection legislation have not been appropriately considered. However, before doing so, please contact us directly as we are committed to working with you to help resolve any concerns about your privacy. Privacy Policy for California Residents Your Rights In addition to the above, California residents have the right to make the following requests with respect to their personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”): Data Access and Portability. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about the personal information we have collected, used, disclosed, or sold about you in the previous 12 months. Deletion. You can request that we delete your personal information that we collected from you to the extent required under the CCPA. Disclosure. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of your Personal Information over the last twelve (12) months, including: the categories of personal information we collected about you,the categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you,our business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information,the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information,the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).where there has been a disclosure for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained. To exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, please send us a request using the information in the “Your Rights to Access and Control Your Persona Data” section of this Privacy Policy or by calling (866) 585-3251. We may ask you for additional information to verify your identity and reserve the right to limit or deny your request if you have failed to provide information enough to verify your identity or satisfy our legal and business requirements. We will respond to the e-mail we have on file within forty-five days of your verifiable request. We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If we determine that you request warrants a fee, we will advise you as to the ground for that decision and provide you with an estimate of the cost before we complete your request. Our Use and sharing of your Personal Information As discussed in more detail above, Digital River may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. However, Digital River will not sell your personal information as that term is defined by the CCPA. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except in performance of our contractual commitments. In the preceding 12 months, Digital River has collected or disclosed the following categories of information. Digital River has not, and does not today, sell personal information: Identifiers Yes Yes No Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ.Code § 1798.80(e)) Yes No No Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law Yes No No Internet or other similar network activity Yes Yes No Geolocation data Yes Yes No Professional or employment-related information Yes Yes No California Shine the Light Law California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section §1798.83) permits users of the Site that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@digitalriver.com . Privacy Policy for Brazilian Residents Your Rights If you are located in Brazil, Article 18 of the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (“LGPD”) provides you with certain rights with respect to your Personal Data. You have the right to obtain the following information from the Data Controller: confirmation of the existence of processing;access to the data;correction of incomplete, inaccurate, or outdated data;anonymization, blocking, or elimination of unnecessary or excessive data or of data processed in noncompliance with the provisions of the LGPD;portability of the data to other service providers or suppliers of products, at your express request, according to the LGPD, and subject to the protection of business and industrial secrets in the process; deletion of Personal Data processed with your consent, except in the situations set forth in Article 16 of the LGPD;information on the public and private entities with which we have shared data;information on the possibility of not providing consent and on the consequences of such denial;revocation of the consent, pursuant to the provisions of paragraph 5 of Article 8 of the LGPD; and You also have the right to review decisions that are based on automated processing of personal data where the decision is carried out exclusively by automated means and affects your interests. In processing your transaction, Digital River does not make decisions using exclusively automated means where the decision would also negatively affect your interests. Exercising Your Rights If wish to exercise you rights under the LGPD, please review the “Your Rights to Access and Control Your Persona Data” section for how to exercise your rights. If you need further assistance regarding your rights, please contact our Data Protection Officer, KT Schmidt, Chief Administrative Officer at Digital River, Phone Number: 1 (952) 253-1234, E-mail: privacy@digitalriver.com . You have the right to report to your local Supervisory Authority where you feel as though your rights under data protection legislation have not been appropriately considered. However, before doing so, please contact us directly as we are committed to working with you to help resolve any concerns about your privacy. Privacy Policy for South Korea Residents By finalizing a sale on the Site, you are consenting to Digital River’s processing of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. In processing your personal information, it may be necessary for us to transfer your personal information or consign the processing to the following parties: Third-Party Provision of Personal Information Digital River, Inc. and Digital River Ireland Ltd Type of Information: Email address, name, IP address, address, phone number, account information Purpose: Transaction processing and execution, product registration, account opening, customer support, general product and service marketing, and other accompanying purpose Retention Period: As long as you continue to use the Site, and thereafter as permitted or required by applicable law or to satisfy Digital River’s business requirements The Supplier Whose Name and/or Logo Appears on this Site Type of Information: Transaction information, such as email address, name, IP address, address, phone number Purpose: Transaction reporting and fulfillment, product registration, warranty and technical support, account opening Retention Period: As detailed in Supplier’s privacy policy You are entitled to withhold your consent to the sharing of data with the above entities by not checking the appropriate boxes during the checkout process. In that event, we will not be able to complete your transaction and will not be able to provide you with products or services.Consignment of Handling of Personal Information In processing your transaction or order, Digital River currently consigns processing activities to third parties as follows: NHN Korea Cyber Payment Co., Ltd Type of Information: Billing information such as, email address, name, IP address, address, phone number, account information Purpose: Transaction payment processing Retention Period: 7 Years Adyen Type of Information: Billing information, such as email address, name, IP address, address, phone number, account information Purpose: Transaction payment processing Retention Period: 7 years Cybage Software Pvt Ltd. Type of Information: Email address, name, IP address, address, phone number, account information Purpose: System development and maintenance Retention Period: As long as you continue to use the Site, and thereafter as permitted or required by applicable law or to satisfy Digital River’s business requirements Sutherland Global Services, Inc. Type of Information: Email address, name, IP address, address, phone number, account information Purpose: Customer service support Retention Period: As long as you continue to use the Site, and thereafter as permitted or required by applicable law or to satisfy Digital River’s business requirements Notice to Japan Residents As required under the Japanese data protection law, we have appointed a grievance officer/data protection officer. Digital River Japan K.K.'s Data Protection Officer is: KT Schmidt, Company Representative at Digital River Japan K.K., Phone Number: 03-6770-2741, E-mail: privacy@digitalriver.com . Changes to This Privacy Policy We keep this Privacy Policy under review and will post any updates to the Site. Our changes will become effective immediately upon posting. We may also supplement or amend this Privacy Policy by placing other privacy notices on the Site. Such privacy notices will explain how we handle information specific to where that privacy notice appears and should be read together with this Privacy Policy. A link to our previous privacy policy is included here . Grievance Officer/Data Protection Officer As required under certain data protection laws, we have appointed a grievance officer/data protection officer. Digital River’s grievance officer/data protection officer is: KT Schmidt, Chief Administrative Officer at Digital River, Phone Number: 1 (952) 253-1234, E-mail: privacy@digitalriver.com . If you are located in Germany, we will direct you to our external Data Protection Officer. How to Contact Us If you have a question about this Privacy Policy or requests related to your Personal Data pursuant to applicable laws, no matter where you are in the world, please email us at privacy@digitalriver.com . If you are located in Germany, we will direct you to our external Data Protection Officer. The definition of “Personal Data” is intended to encompass “Personal Information” as defined by the California Consumer Privacy act and should be interpreted as such.Logitech Product Privacy Policy | Your Privacy is Our Priority YOUR PRIVACY & SECURITY Last updated: July 2023 The previous privacy policy can be viewed here . Your privacy is important to Logitech, so we have created this policy to explain how we process your personal information. This Statement of Privacy and Security outlines what types of data we collect, how we use it, and how we protect personal information collected by our products, services, applications (apps), software and other devices. Logitech is a group of companies working under their parent company; Logitech Europe S.A. The Logitech company that controls your personal data will vary depending on your relationship with us (whether it be as a customer, partner, contractor or any other relevant relationship). If you are using our products with our websites, then the Logitech Website Privacy Statement also applies. OUR PRODUCTS INFORMATION WE COLLECT We collect data in a variety of ways to improve our products and services: Information you provide to us This includes information you provide when you register and set up new products, download software, post on online platforms like forums or communities, respond to a survey, or enter a contest. Information from the use of products and services When you use products and services, data may be sent to us such as your hardware model, firmware and operating system version, unique device identifiers and IP address/location information. Other times, subject to applicable law and your consent where it is required, we may collect data based on your activities including your settings and configurations, usage data, and crash or error data. We may also collect and otherwise process business contact information that you provide to us, or that we collect from your organization, such as our business partners and suppliers when we are doing business and in the context of performing an agreement. Where notice or consent is required for such processing, the organization will notify and obtain such consent from its respective personnel and authorized users. The data we receive depends on the products, features and services you use, events in which you may participate, business engagements and other interactions you may have with us. This data can include the following: Name and contact data – data like your name, personal or business email address, personal or business postal address, personal or business phone number, user ID and other similar contact data. Credentials – passwords, hints, and information used for authentication and account access. Demographic data – data like your age, gender, country, and preferred language. Payment data – data needed to process your order if you make purchases through a Logitech website, like your shipping address, products ordered, and contact information. When you buy digital products we process payment data such as the value of transaction, what subscriptions you purchased and, if applicable, your Paypal, WeChat, AliPay or Stripe ID. We do not collect payment or credit card numbers. Usage data – data about how you and your device interact with us and our products, like: product use data – the features you use, actions you take, and activities you perform, like. button presses, interactions with an app, or time spent listening to a speaker; device data – data about your device and the network you use to connect to our products, including the operating systems and other software on your device, device identifiers, and regional and language settings; other product data – information from other devices and software, like. stereo, home automation, and television product information, cable provider information; error reports and performance data – the type or severity of the problem, details of the software or hardware related to an error, the contents of files you were using when an error occurred, and data about other software on your device; and support data – information about you and your hardware, software, and details about the incident, authentication data, your communications with us, data about the machine and the application you were using, and system, registry, and configuration data. Interests and favorites – your music preferences, programmed activities or routines, channels and radio stations, and services you use. Contacts and relationships – contacts and relationships if you use a product that supports multi-user, community and sharing functionality. Logitech Accounts (Guest and Logi ID) – there are different options available to create an account, depending on the product or service and your choice. You may decide not to create an account, but provide details as a guest. In this case, we may only collect limited information, such as your name, email address and shipping address. You may decide to create a personal Logitech account called Logi ID on our website.In this case, we may also collect information such as your name, email address, shipping address and it will optimize your experience. For example, it may enable improved personalization and allow you to save and recall settings, configurations, and history. We will assign a unique ID number to your account and information. When you sign into your account, we may collect information about your session, including a record of your sign-in, date and time, the product you signed into, the number assigned to your account, and a unique identifier assigned to your device, your IP address, your operating system and browser version. In general, when you sign into your account, you will stay signed in until you sign out. Social Logins – when you use a third party service such as Apple, Facebook, Google or Twitch to log in, we process the personal data that you have agreed to share via the third party platform in question. Please review the privacy notices presented to you by these third party services when linking your accounts for details on the information Logitech receives. Location data – some products use location data for purposes like time/date and language preferences or for the purpose of legal compliance. Data we may collect about your location can be either precise or imprecise. Precise location data can be your home or work address information or Global Position System data, which we may collect when you enable location-based products or features. Imprecise location data may include a location derived from your Wi-Fi or IP address or data that indicates where you are located with less precision, like a city or region. Content – we may collect information about the content of your files and communications when necessary to provide you with the products you use. We also may collect the content of messages you send to us, like feedback and product reviews you write, or questions and information you provide for customer support. When you contact us, phone conversations or chat sessions with representatives may be monitored and recorded subject to applicable law and your consent where it is required. Product tester data When you sign up to become a Logitech product or service tester, we may collect information about you. We use this data to invite you to become a tester, and we use your feedback to develop and improve our products and services. Examples of the information we collect includes: the categories of products and services you are interested in;information in your product tester application;your testing activity, product data, device data, and diagnostic data;video and/or audio recordings if they were part of the testing you participated in;shipment/fulfillment data; andyour feedback and review about the tested products and services. Unless otherwise communicated to you when you sign up for our testing program, we process this data for the purpose of entering into or performing the contract between you and Logitech. HOW WE USE INFORMATION We use the data we collect: to operate our business and provide, improve, and personalize our products and services, andto send communications, including promotions, account information, security updates, and product information. We may analyze this data, including your personal information, to give you a more seamless, consistent, and personalized experience. We will always do so subject to applicable law and your consent where it’s required. Providing and improving our products and services We use data to provide and improve our products and to perform essential operations. This includes operating and using the products, maintaining and improving their performance, and using data to research, develop new features, and provide customer support. Example uses include: Providing the Product or Service We use data to ensure our products operate as intended and expected. Our products may have personalized features and recommendations that enhance your productivity and enjoyment, and tailor your experiences based on your activities, interests, and location. Customer Support We use data to diagnose product problems, repair customers' devices, and provide other customer care and support services. Product Activation and Registration We use device and application version, location, and unique device, network and identifiers and other data to activate and register products. Product Improvement We use data to improve our products, add new features or capabilities, report errors, improve security, determine what new features to prioritize, and improve efficiency. Security, Safety and Dispute Resolution We use data to protect the security and safety of our products and our users, to detect and prevent fraud, and to resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.For example, we may use data to determine which products need security patches or analyze patterns in data that allow us to develop new security features. Business Operations We may use pseudonymous and aggregated data to create statistics and analysis. For example, financial and product reports are created to analyze performance in a given sector or region. Marketing communications If you have opted in or we have a legitimate interest under applicable law, we may send you information about our products and services by email or telephone, including information about new product features, releases, promotions, and announcements. You can opt out at any time by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link in the marketing emails or visiting this page . Subject to applicable law and your consent where it’s required, we may also use cookies or tracking technology to determine the effectiveness of our communications – for example, to determine, in the aggregate, how many people open our emails. We may also send emails to remind you about items left in your online shopping cart, update you or inquire about a service or repair request, or to tell you that you need to take action to keep your account active. Support Communications We may contact you by email or other means to inform you when a subscription is ending or to let you know when security updates are available. SHARING AND DISCLOSING INFORMATION We do not sell your personal data. We may share your personal data with your consent or to complete a transaction or provide a product or service you requested or authorized. We also share personal data among our controlled affiliates and subsidiaries for the purposes described in this policy and when required by law. We may share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. For example, companies hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those functions. These companies must abide by our data protection and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose. We may also disclose personal data to another company if we plan to merge with or be acquired by that business. This may include any organization involved in a merger, transfer, or sale of our assets or business. If you post information in public areas in our products and services, like communities, forums, or blogs, it will be available to the public and we may reuse and republish it at our discretion and in line with our Terms of Use. Finally, we will access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data, including your content, when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to: comply with law or respond to a legal process, like law enforcement or other government agencies;protect our customers, for example, to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users, or to help prevent loss of life or serious injury;maintain the security of our products, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or networks; andprotect your or our legal rights or as required by law or orders from a court or government agency. Information provided by you to third parties We are not responsible for information provided by you to third parties, and that information is not subject to this policy. You assume all privacy, security, and other risks with providing information, including personal information, to third parties. To understand the privacy protections from third parties, you should refer to their privacy policies, if any. CONTROLLING AND ACCESSING INFORMATION You can direct us to update, delete, or deactivate certain information pertaining to you. You can also request that we remove your personal information from the blog, community forums, or other public areas within our control. If we cannot remove certain personal information, we will let you know why. You can unsubscribe from marketing emails from us by following the instructions in the email you received or at the subscription management page on our website. We try to respond to requests to review information we have on file within 30 days of receiving a request. You can “opt-out” of having your personal information used for certain purposes whenever we ask for this information. If you have questions, comments or would like to make a request about your data or our privacy statement or data practices, please contact us at support.logitech.com/response-center or through the following methods: Phone: +1 646-454-3200 Contact: support.logitech.com/response-center Postal Mail: Logitech Privacy Officer, 3930 North First Street, San Jose, CA 95134 USA If you are not satisfied with our response, you can refer your privacy complaint or dispute to the state or national data protection authority in your jurisdiction.CHILDREN We do not knowingly collect or maintain information about persons under 13 years of age. If we learn that information about persons under 13 years of age has been collected on or through Logitech sites, we will take appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under 13 years of age who has registered for an account or service on our sites, please contact us using the contact information below to have that child’s account or service terminated and personal information deleted. DATA SECURITY We are committed to the protection of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures, including TLS encryption, to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. HOW WE STORE AND PROCESS INFORMATION We will retain your personal data for as long as: you use our products or services;your account is active;needed to provide you services;we are legally required to;to resolve disputes; andto enforce our agreements. Personal data that is no longer required to be retained will be deleted at regular intervals. Personal information collected by us may be stored and processed in the United States or in any other country we or our affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. We take steps to ensure that the data we collect is processed as described in this statement and according to the law wherever the data is located. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended, including by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (together, CCPA), California residents have specific rights around Logitech's collection, use, and sharing of their personal information. We do not sell your personal information, and we will not do so in the future without providing you with notice and an opportunity to opt-out. If you require this notice in an alternative format, please email privacy@logitech.com or call our toll-free number +1 800 711 8156. Logitech collects and uses various types of personal information when you use its products and services, which are described within the Logitech Product and Web Privacy Policies. Logitech shares personal data with third parties for business purposes. Specifically, here are the seven categories of activities for which we share data for business purposes: AuditingSecurityDebugging and Technical TroubleshootingShort term, transient use (personal information is not disclosed to third parties and it is not used to build profiles)Performing ServicesInternal ResearchTesting or Product/Service Improvement If you are a resident of California, you have the right to request to know what personal information has been collected about you, how we use, share and disclose it, and to access that information. You also have the right to request that we delete your personal information, though exceptions under the CCPA may allow us to retain and use certain personal information. We do not sell your personal information. In limited circumstances we share your personal information for advertising. You can “opt-out” of having your personal information used for this purpose by contacting us at support.logitech.com/response-center . You can learn more about how to submit a data rights request through contact details located within this policy. You may also send your request by email to privacy@logitech.com or call our toll-free number +1 800 711 8156. An agent may submit a request on your behalf, but you must provide proof that the agent is authorized to do so by providing the agent with a signed letter giving permission to submit a request on your behalf and you must confirm that authorization directly with us by sending an email to privacy@logitech.com . We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not deny you goods or services, charge different prices or rates, or provide a different service level for exercising your privacy rights. However, we may offer certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, discounts or quality levels. Any incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information and will only be collected or processed with your consent. California’s Shine the Light Law Separate from the CCPA, California’s Shine the Light law gives California residents the right to ask companies what personal information they share with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose your personal information to third parties for the purpose of directly marketing their goods or services to you unless you request it.Creativity and Productivity Products Logitech Creativity & Productivity include hardware like mice, keyboards, touchpads, presenters, webcams, and headsets, and related software and services like Logitech Options and Options+ (Logitech Options), Logitech Capture, Logitech Presentation, Setpoint, and Logitech Control Center. We use data we collect relating to these products and services for a variety of purposes described above, including security, stability and product performance. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below. Backup and Transfer of Device Settings Logitech Options allows you to customize your mice, keyboards, and touchpads on your computer. Logitech Capture software allows you to record video and audio on your computer and change the settings of the camera. This software also offers you the ability to back up your device settings to the cloud so you can transfer those settings to other computers and set up your devices easily. Information that may be collected includes: Account information like name, email address, and password to create an account or if you use a third-party open authorization (OAuth2) like Facebook or Google to log in.Computer information like the name, make, and model of the computer to ensure the device works correctly.Logitech Options specific information:Button and key customizations, including app-specific customizationsOther device settings like point and scroll settings of your mouseAnalytics data is collected subject to your consent Logitech Capture specific information:Scene composition and camera settings With Logitech Options, device settings get backed up automatically. You can choose to not have your device settings backed up automatically or log out, effectively turning off the backup functionality. Software Updates Our servers automatically record certain information, including the IP address, the software version, and the connected devices to check for necessary software updates and download the required device images or assets, during and after the installation of our software. Performance, Diagnostics and Analytics With your consent, some of our software (like Logitech Options, Capture, Presentation app, Setpoint, and Logitech Control Center) collect and record information about the software, devices, and other information such as: usage of software features;customization of your devices;system hardware and software like OS version;city-level location information using IP address;device usage frequency like click, and button count. For example, so that we can analyze the durability and dependability of our products, we may capture how many times each button is used during the course of 24 hours;Logitech Capture-specific information – we capture scene usage and camera model information. We do not analyze or transmit audio or video from the user. Logitech Presenters capture when you start and end a presentation, along with the application name and version you are using. We collect this information so that we can help improve functionality. We do not collect the data you insert while using your mice, keyboards or touchpads. A Keystroke assignment refers to when you customize your device and assign a shortcut, our apps require permission from you in order to perform the assigned shortcut. Product Functionality We sometimes collect data like device and application information for product features to function properly. For example, Logitech Flow is a feature in some devices that allows you to seamlessly switch between two or three computers, and transfer text, images, and files from one computer to another. To enable automatic discovery of computers during the setup process of Flow, we may collect your device identifier and IP address. Circle Cameras and Products Logitech Circle cameras are wireless cameras and software applications that can be used for a variety of purposes at home and at work. They provide users rich video and audio recordings accessible from a mobile device or computer. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below. Activation and Registration To activate and register your products, you provide information to us to create an account, including your name, email address, password, credit card (if you subscribe to premium services), camera name, and camera settings. We also offer activation and registration through third party open authorization (OAuth2) services, such as Facebook, so you can share clips you’ve selected to that service. While setting up the product, the country code of operation needs to be set. Some operating systems may prompt for location data access when determining the country code of operation.Circle Video and Audio Recordings When you use Circle products and services, our servers automatically receive, record, and process data necessary to provide the service as well as information from the devices you use to view or listen to the data, including: video and audio recordings;device-specific information like hardware model, operating system version, and device identifiers such as MAC address, mobile network information, router names and meta-data concerning Apple Home Hubs and other Apple HomeKit devices;service event logging information;time and date of service use;on/off, and other interaction with the product;crashes, system activity, and hardware settings; andgeo-location information (when location services are enabled) Circle products may send pseudonymous information to an analytics tool, including timestamps, transmission statistics, feature usage, performance metrics, errors, etc. We use the pseudonymous information to provide, enhance, and improve our services, features, technical support and information. Circle Features Circle products have features that, if enabled, require us to collect and analyze data intelligently for them to work. For example, Smart Location automatically detects when you leave the house or come home, and Smart Alerts intelligently analyze motion to make sure you only get relevant alerts. Circle Security and Storage We have implemented Circle products so that no Logitech employee, contractor, vendor, affiliate, or governmental entity can access unencrypted footage. Every Circle camera has a unique private key and digital certificate, which is used to encrypt communications in transit. The Circle servers use AES 256 Bit Dual Layer Encryption to store your footage encrypted-at-rest. Data collected is stored directly within the application, on your Device, and on servers in the U.S. or other countries where we or our affiliates, subsidiaries or service providers have facilities. We will retain collected information for as long as needed to provide the service and in accordance with the Logitech Privacy Policy. Circle Cameras with Apple HomeKit Support When a Circle camera is connected to the Apple HomeKit ecosystem, Apple controls the data generated and passed to HomeKit and is responsible for the privacy and handling of your audio and video content. We have no ability or mechanism to access any HomeKit audio/video data. If a Circle camera is only set up in HomeKit, the camera will still periodically check our servers for firmware update availability. This involves sending the model, firmware version, and the country code of operation to our servers. If you enable the sharing of diagnostic information with Logitech through the Apple Home App, the following data will be shared with Logitech and/or Apple, and used for troubleshooting purposes only: device-specific information such as hardware model, names, operating system version, device identifiers such as MAC address, information about nearby wireless networks, and meta-data concerning Apple Home Hubs and other HomeKit devices;device event logging information;time and date of device use;on/off, and other interaction with the Product;crashes, system activity, hardware settings; andany additional details submitted by you such as descriptions, screenshots and footage. Logitech Gaming Products Logitech Gaming (Logitech G) products and services include hardware like gaming keyboards, headsets, speakers, and mice, and applications for gaming consoles and PCs like G HUB software. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below. Logitech G Custom Experience G HUB software allows you to easily configure devices and create commands and macros for games and other applications. Adding other information about your PC, operating system, games and applications and any specific settings you adjust as part of setting up your product improves your experience. We also use this data to enhance the security and stability of our products. If you opt-in to data analytics collection, when you use G HUB, our servers automatically receive and record information about the use of your product, including: location information and IP address;data about when you access G HUB features, such as adjusting DPI, lighting or control configuration;data related to the discovery of devices you connect, like a new Logitech G mouse or keyboard;other device and system activity including feature usage, performance metrics, errors, crash data, etc.; andthere is a separate opt-in for submitting error logs to Logitech. If you opt in, anonymous crash related data will automatically (and manually based on user input) be sent to us for troubleshooting purposes. Logitech G HUB Community When you create an account for the G HUB community, we collect information like your name, email address, country of residence, and security question responses.Accessing the G HUB community gives you access to features including: downloading profiles, lighting, and other settings from the Community Library;uploading your profiles and effects to share with the community, or for personal storage. You can remove any shared item at any time; anda personal profile that others in the community can view. You control what is shared in your profile. You can unsubscribe or delete your G HUB account at any time. Logitech G Cloud Gaming Handheld G Cloud is a handheld gaming console on which you can play cloud gaming titles and access cloud streaming services anywhere, at any time. Logitech’s processing of your personal data is limited to the Logitech hardware and the Logitech incorporated software. We collect your unique device ID for the core functioning of your console, to ensure it works correctly. There is also certain personal data collected for the core functioning that is only processed and stored locally on your console, such as your country or region for network connectivity. If you choose to share your diagnostics and device usage data, we will receive information about your use of the console, such as your battery and charging experience, your usage of the buttons and joysticks and the audio ports. We use this information to improve our products and services. For EEA, the UK or CH; we collect your device diagnostics and device usage data on the basis of legitimate interest. We use this information to improve our products and services. You may opt out at any time from your device settings. Pro Alliance Pro Alliance is a website platform designed to support you as a professional gaming athlete, to improve your performance and wellness. There are services that Logitech provides for you, such as customer service support and technical product information. There are also third party service providers available that you may choose to use, such as to receive wellness coaching and services. You may be required to register with that third party, consent to their terms and review their privacy policy. We will not share your personal data with these third parties nor will we receive any of the personal data you share with those third parties. Harmony and Related Products Logitech Harmony products and services include hardware like remote controls, Harmony Hub, and Pop Button and related applications for tablets and/or smart phones like the Harmony app. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below. Harmony Registration When you activate and register your Harmony products, we collect information like your name, email address, country of residence, and security question responses. This data is used to authenticate and associate you to your account and devices. You can also activate and register through third party open authorization (OAuth2) services, such as Facebook. Harmony Custom Experience Harmony products let you easily control and create activities or routines that combine commands from multiple devices. Adding information about your entertainment and home automation devices (like brand and model numbers), activities you choose to program (like Watch TV, Listen to Music, etc.), and any specific settings you adjust as part of setting up your product (e.g., customizing buttons) improves your experience. For example, you may actively provide your zip or postal code, your TV service provider and your preferred TV channels, shows and/or programming genres. You will know what you submit in each case, because you will manually enter the information. We store this information to prevent the loss of your custom configurations. We also use the following information to ensure that your device works and to enhance the security and stability of our products: location information and IP address;data about when you access our software, like the features you access and when you sync your remote;data related to the discovery of devices in your environment, and your use of product features, like the “help” button or “reboot” actions; andwith your consent where it’s required, information sent to an analytics tool, including feature usage, performance metrics, errors, etc. Logitech Video Conferencing Products Logitech Video Conferencing products and services include video conferencing systems, video conferencing cameras, speakerphones, touch controllers, headsets, and webcams, as well as software like Sync, our cloud device management platform. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below. Logitech Sync Service Logitech Sync enables users to remotely monitor and manage their Logitech video conferencing systems. Sync is made up of two parts, the desktop Sync app and the cloud “Sync Portal”. To use the Sync Portal, the Sync App must be installed on the meeting room computer.Once installed and authenticated with the Sync Portal, the Sync app will communicate directly with Sync Portal to enable remote management and monitoring capabilities. When you create a Logitech Sync account, we collect information like your name, email address, password, country, and organization name. We use this data to authenticate and associate you to your account and devices. Sync collects diagnostic and usage data to help maintain and improve the Sync experience. Sync collects the following information to provide management and monitoring features: Logitech VC product info (name, firmware version, meta data);Sync App version installed;computer info (OS type, OS version, IP, MAC address, computer specs);geolocation; andoccupancy info (metadata only) Jaybird Products and Services Jaybird products include lightweight, high-quality headphones for people with active lifestyles and related applications for tablets and/or smartphones like the Jaybird app. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below. Jaybird App The Jaybird app allows a user to: customize the sound of their headphones;update product and firmware settings;record the location where their headphones were last connected; andbrowse and use presets and Spotify playlists shared by other users When you register for an account, we collect information like your name, email address, personal image (avatar), current location, and password. This data is used to authenticate and associate you to your account and devices. Jaybird also offers registration through third party open authorization (OAuth2) services, such as Facebook, Google and Spotify. When you use your Jaybird product with the app, or the app by itself, our servers automatically receive and record certain information, including: product data, like your headphone model or app version;data about how you use the app, like the features you access and when you connect your headphones;data related to the discovery of devices in your environment, and your use of product features, like the “rename” action; andwith your consent where it’s required, information sent to an analytics tool, including feature usage, performance metrics, errors, etc. To safely back up your custom configurations, our servers receive and record additional information, including: current product settings, including name, button controls and voice prompt settings; andpreset and playlist information. Location data for Find My Buds is stored on the mobile device and is not backed up to our servers. Ultimate Ears Products and Services Ultimate Ears products are high quality, beautifully designed speakers and headphones. Ultimate Ears Pro and CSX both offer premium custom-fit in ear monitors (earphones). Ultimate Ears applications enable additional features and allow users to better control and customize their listening experiences. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below. Ultimate Ears Mobile Functions and Customization Users can customize their listening experience by configuring their devices using an Ultimate Ears application. These applications enable features like pairing multiple devices, tap controls, and multi-user DJ functionality. During the customization process, a user may be required to enter their name and contact information, including an email address and password. We do not collect any data about the content a user plays using Ultimate Ears products. Ultimate Ears Integration with Other Services Some Ultimate Ears products, like our Bluetooth speakers, can integrate with third-party services like Amazon Alexa. These integrations let users perform tasks like streaming music, ordering goods and services, and asking for information. To enable third party services that link with your Ultimate Ears device, you may be required to register with that third party and consent to their terms. Once the link has been made, Ultimate Ears devices can receive and pass information directly to the third party. Ultimate Ears products do not store any user command data passed from the user to the third party. Only data necessary to ensure the link between third parties and the user’s Ultimate Ears product is retained. Custom In Ear Monitors (IEM) Ultimate Ears Pro and CSX offer premium custom-fit in ear monitors (earphones). Most Pro devices require user ear impressions, which are typically created digitally or with molds. by a third party, most commonly an audiologist. The CSX devices require images and impressions of the user's ear to optimize the product fit. We retain these impressions in case of loss, reordering, or reproduction, or until a user requests that they be discarded. CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT We will occasionally update this Statement. If there are material changes to this Statement or in how we will use your personal information, we will prominently post the changes before making them.We will not make any changes that are less protective of your personal information collected in the past without your consent. We encourage you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how we are protecting your information. Thank you for your interest in Logitech and our products and services. About Logitech Story Careers Investors Blog Press Contact Us Values Social Impact Sustainability Recycling Accessibility Partners Affiliate Program Influencer CUSTOMERS Return Policy Email Preferences Student Discount Yes, I want to receive news and product emails. Read our privacy policy . United States Cart Free shipping on orders over $29 & free returns Item Subtotal: (Not Including Tax or Shipping) Promo Code msg flash Or Privacy Preference Center Your PrivacyStrictly Necessary CookiesAnalytics CookiesFunctional CookiesMarketing Cookies Your Privacy When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Analytics Cookies Analytics Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Marketing Cookies Marketing Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Back Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label