Privacy Policy Last updated: July 14, 2023 Welcome to hCaptcha! This Privacy Policy describes the practices of Intuition Machines, Inc. ("IMI", "we" or "us") regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of information (including Personal Information, defined below) through our website at www.hcaptcha.com and any other subdomains or domains we use (the "Sites") and the hCaptcha application program interface and related software and materials (collectively, the "Service"). Not Applicable to Third Party Websites. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any website, offering, product or service of any third party, even if it links to our Site or incorporates the Service – please refer to the applicable privacy policies before deciding to provide any information to third parties. A Note to Customers Outside the United States. IMI is based in the United States. The Sites and Service are controlled and operated by us from the United States. Your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers, and by using the Sites and Service you consent to the transfer of information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States, which may have data protection rules that are different from those of your country. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your Personal Information. A Note to California Residents. Please see our "Notice to California Residents" section related to your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA"). At or before the time of collection, California residents may have a right to receive notice of our practices, including the categories of Personal Information to be collected, the purposes for which such information is collected or used, whether such information is sold or shared, and how long such information is retained. You can find those details within this Privacy Policy. A Note to European Economic Area Residents. Please see our "Notice to EU Data Subjects" section related to your rights under the General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"). Note that IMI is the controller of your personal information, except where we process personal information on behalf of our Integrators in connection with the provision of our Service, in which case we are the processor/service provider of personal information, and those Integrators are the controllers/businesses of the personal information. Where we act as a processor/service provider for our Integrators, we do not use the personal information collected for any purpose other than as reasonably necessary to provide our Service, and our processing will be governed by the contracts that we have in place with our Integrators, not this Privacy Policy. If a contract we have with an Integrator refers to, or incorporates by reference, this Privacy Policy, any personal information we process on behalf of the Integrator will be subject to the Data Processing Addendum, not this Privacy Policy. In some cases, we may license our software to Integrators and/or operate it within their environment on their behalf, in which case we are solely a licensor of software and only their terms and privacy policy shall apply to such personal data. We may reference or describe some personal data collected from End-Users throughout this Privacy Policy. However, these disclosures are for informational purposes only and, for clarity, the processing of End-User personal data is governed by the agreement we have with our Integrator customers, not this Privacy Policy. Processing of EU Data Subject data operates under the legal basis of the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) integrated within the Data Processing Addendum to our Terms of Service or Data Processing Agreements with our Integrators. If you have any questions or concerns about how such data is handled or would like to exercise your rights, you should contact the person or entity (i.e., the data controller) who has contracted with us to use the Service to process this data. We will, however, provide assistance to our Integrators to address any concerns you may have, in accordance with the terms of our contract with them. Information We Collect We collect information from individuals who interact with our Sites and Services, including those who incorporate our Service into their website ("Integrators"), those who utilize the services for data labeling ("Customers"), and the end users who interact with our Service through the websites of our Integrators ("End-Users"). We collect the following categories of information: Information that can be used to identify or contact an individual ("Personal Information"), such as name, email address, and country.We collect Personal Information from our current and prospective Integrators and Customers when they give it directly to us (for example, by filling in a form when signing up for an account, or applying to receive email notifications from us). We may also verify the identity of our Integrators and Customers by comparing personal information against third party databases or official legal documents. Information collected automatically as a result of an Integrator’s or Customer’s use of the Sites or the Services ("Analytics Information"), such as IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider, platform type, device type, operating system, date and time stamp of access, and other similar information. Some Analytics Information is collected on our behalf by third parties we engage for that purpose, and some Analytics Information is collected through a variety of tracking technologies, including cookies (see "Third Party Analytics and Tracking Technologies" below). Information collected as a result of End-Users answering prompts through the Service ("Labeled Data"), such as image labeling data, text converted from audio files played to those End-Users, answers to questions, and other prompts generated by the Service for purposes of labeling data for use in machine learning applications. Note that Labeled Data is not tied to any identified individual.Other information collected from End-Users as part of the Service to that is required to determine whether theyare human, such as mouse movements, scroll position, keypress events, touch events, and similar information as applicable. We may collect additional information from End-Users who wish to work with us as Individual Data Labelers. How We Use Information We use the information we collect for the following purposes: To administer Integrator and Customer accounts and provide the Service. We use Personal Information in order to associate specific accounts with Integrators and Customers and to provide them the Service, to respond to requests or inquiries, to provide support or technical assistance, and to facilitate payments.To improve to Site and the Service. We use Analytics Information to improve our existing and develop new services and offerings and to customize existing and future product offerings. To derive market insights. We use Analytics Information to analyze the market and conduct business analyses related to the Site and our Services, and for other research purposes.To provide a market for Labeled Data. Our Service enables high volume data labeling and human review for machine learning systems as a service to website owners and companies who need help getting their data labeled. To that end, we disclose Labeled Data to our Customers interested in acquiring Labeled Data. To secure our services and systems. We use Analytics Information to secure our systems by identifying potential threats and vulnerabilities, and to otherwise protect the information we collect.For any legitimate business purpose, provided that the information is de-identified or aggregated such that it cannot be reasonably tied to an individual. How We Share Information We share or disclose personal information in the following cases: Upon direct request from an Integrator to identify the fraud risk of a specific CAPTCHA challenge request or IP address, or otherwise where specific consent was given.With vendors we engage to provide essential aspects of the Sites and the Service, such as data storage, hosting, and Analytics, and only for those purposes.As necessary to comply with applicable law, including governmental requests, law enforcement requests, and otherwise to public and private entities in order to protect the rights, privacy, safety, or property of you, us, or others. With others for any legitimate business purpose, provided the information is de-identifiedor aggregated such that it cannot be reasonably tied to an individual. Third Party Analytics and Tracking Technologies As discussed above, we (and our third party vendors) collect Analytics Information in part through the use of cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies. In some instance, we work with third party vendors to employ cookies for the purposes of collecting Analytics Information. We use Sentry to collect debugging data when a user experiences an error. For information on how Sentry collects and processes data: We use Cloudflare to optimize our web traffic. For information on how Cloudflare collects and processes data: We use ZoomInfo to provide a chat widget. For information on how ZoomInfo collects and processes data: We use TypeForm to conduct surveys. For information on how TypeForm collects and processes data: If you would prefer not to block the use of cookies or other tracking technologies, please see "Managing Your Information," below. Please note that doing so may negatively impact your experience using the Sites or Service, as some features may not work properly.How We Secure Information We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the information we collect and store, and require all agents who carry out our processing on our behalf to do the same. Unfortunately, no security measures are 100% foolproof, and as such no network or system (including ours) can be guaranteed to be 100% secure against destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to information we collect and store. If you believe your information may not be secure for any reason, please contact us immediately at: Warranty Disclaimers To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Site and the Service (and any other associated services, information, data, features, and other content or materials) are provided on an “as-is” and “as-available” basis. To the fullest extent permitted by law, IMI excludes all warranties, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. Managing Your Information (Your Rights) In accordance with applicable law, you may have the right to: • Confirm Whether We Are Processing Your Personal Information (the right to know); • Access to and Portability of Your Personal Information, including: (i) obtaining access to or a copy of your Personal Information; and (ii) receiving an electronic copy of Personal Information that you have provided to us, or asking us to send that information to another company in a structured, commonly used, and machine readable format (also known as the “right of data portability”); • Request Correction of your Personal Information where it is inaccurate or incomplete; • Request Deletion of your Personal Information; • Request to Opt-Out of Certain Processing Activities including, as applicable, if we process your Personal Information for “targeted advertising” (as “targeted advertising” is defined by applicable privacy laws), if we “sell” your Personal Information (as “sell” is defined by applicable privacy laws), or if we engage in “profiling” in furtherance of certain “decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects” concerning you (as such terms are defined by applicable privacy laws); and • Appeal our Decision to decline to process your request. Please note that listing these rights above does not mean that we necessarily undertake any activity in which they would be relevant or applicable. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at: support@hcaptcha.com. We will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. If applicable laws grant you an appeal right and you would like to appeal our decision with respect to your request, you may do so by informing us of this and providing us with information supporting your appeal. Please note that IMI is not able to fulfill requests it receives from individuals regarding Personal Information that IMI processes on behalf of its Integrators. If you have a request related to Personal Information that IMI processes on behalf of an Integrator, please contact the relevant Integrator directly. If you would prefer to block cookies or other tracking technologies, most browsers and mobile devices all you to change your settings so as to notify you when you receive cookies or other tracking technologies are being used, and to choose whether or not to accept/allow it. Most browsers also allow you to disable or delete existing cookies or to automatically reject future cookies. You may also use third party tools, including browser plug-ins, to control your cookie preferences. Note, however, that if you disable all cookies, some portions of our Sites may not function properly. Information from Children Our Sites and Service are not directed to children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information of a child under the age 13, we will take reasonable steps to delete such information from our files as soon as is practicable, unless we have a legal obligation to retain it. Please contact us if you believe we have any information from or about a child under the age of 13: Notice to California Residents Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users are entitled to the following consumer rights notice: California residents may reach the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs by mail at 1625 North Market Blvd., Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210. This remainder of this Notice to California Residents only applies toIMI’s processing of Personal Information that is subject to theCalifornia Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (as amended from time to time) (" CCPA ") where IMI is acting in its capacity as a "business".The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what categories of Personal Information IMI has collected about them, and whether IMI disclosed that Personal Information for a business purpose (e.g., to a service provider) in the preceding twelve months. California residents can find this information below: The categories of sources from which we collect Personal Information and our business and commercial purposes for using and disclosing Personal Information are set forth in "Information We Collect", "How We Use Information", and "How We Share Information" above, respectively. We will retain Personal Information in accordance with the time periods set forth in "Data Retention." Additional Disclosures Disclosure Regarding "Sales" of Personal Information under the CCPA. In the preceding twelve months, IMI has not "sold" any Personal Information (as defined by the CCPA), nor does IMI have actual knowledge of any "sale" of Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age. Disclosure Regarding "Sharing" for "Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising" under the CCPA. In the preceding twelve months, IMI has not "shared" any Personal Information for "cross-context behavioral advertising" (as such terms are defined in the CCPA), nor does IMI have actual knowledge of any "sharing" of Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age for "cross-context behavioral advertising". Disclosure Regarding Opt-Out Preference Signals. IMI does not "sell" Personal Information or "share" Personal Information for "cross-context behavioral advertising" so it does not respond to opt-out preference signals. Disclosure Regarding Sensitive Personal Information.IMI only uses and discloses sensitive P ersonal Information for the following purposes: To perform the services or provide the goods reasonably expected by an average consumer who requests those goods or services.To prevent, detect, and investigate security incidents that compromise the availability, authenticity, integrity, and or confidentiality of stored or transmitted Personal Information.To resist malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions directed at IMI and to prosecute those responsible for those actions. To ensure the physical safety of natural persons. To verify or maintain the quality or safety of a product, service, or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by IMI, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured by, manufactured for, or controlled by IMI.For purposes that do not infer characteristics about individuals. Non-Discrimination. California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment by us for the exercise of their rights conferred by the CCPA. Authorized Agent.Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf,may make a verifiable consumer request related to your PersonalInformation. You may also make a verifiable consumer request onbehalf of your minor child. To authorize an agent, provide writtenaurization signed by you and your designated agent and contact usat support@hcaptcha.com for additional instructions. Verification. To protect your privacy, we will take steps to reasonably verify your identity before fulfilling your request submitted under the CCPA.These steps may involve asking you to provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected Personal Information or an authorized representative. Examples of our verification process may include asking you to provide the email address or phone number we have associated with you, opening a link sent to the contact information provided, and following the instructions on the website you are taken to. Notice to EU Data Subjects Personal Information With respect to EU data subjects, the term "personal information" as used in this Privacy Policy is equivalent to "personal data" as defined in the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Sensitive Data Some of the information you provide us may constitute sensitive data as defined in the GDPR (also referred to as special categories of personal data), including identification of your race or ethnicity on government-issued identification documents. Legal Bases for Processing We only use your personal information as permitted by law. We are required to inform you of the legal bases of our processing of your personal information, which are described below. If you have questions about the legal bases under which we process your personal information, contact us at support@hcaptcha.com. Processing Purposes To communicate with you To optimize our platform For compliance, fraud prevention, and safety To provide our service Legal Basis These processing activities constitute our legitimate interests.We attempt to consider and balance any potential impacts on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal information for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal information for activities where our interests are overridden by any adverse impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). Processing Purpose With your consent Legal Basis Where our use of your personal information is based upon your consent, you have the right to withdraw it at any time in the manner indicated in the Service or by contacting us at support@hcaptcha.com. Your Rights Under the GDPR, you have certain rights regarding your personal information. You may ask us to take the following actions in relation to your personal information that we hold: Opt-out Stop sending you direct marketing communications which you have previously consented to receive. We may continue to send you Service-related and other non-marketing communications. Access Provide you with information about our processing of your personal information and give you access to your personal information. Correct Update or correct inaccuracies in your personal information. Delete Delete your personal information. Transfer Transfer a machine-readable copy of your personal information to you or a third party of your choice. Restrict Restrict the processing of your personal information. Object Object to our reliance on our legitimate interests as the basis of our processing of your personal information that impacts your rights. Data Subject Access Rights Requests We may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request. Applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request. If we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions. If you would like to submit a complaint about our use of your personal information or response to your requests regarding your personal information, you may contact us at support@hcaptcha.com or submit a complaint to the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction. You can find your data protection regulator at this location. Cross-Border Data Transfer As described in our "A Note to Customers Outside the United States" section, please be aware that your personal data will be transferred to, processed, and stored in the United States. Data protection laws in the U.S. may be different from those in your country of residence. You consent to the transfer of your information, including personal information, to the U.S. as set forth in this Privacy Policy by visiting our Sites or using our Service. Use for New Purposes We may use your personal information for reasons not described in this Privacy Policy, where we are permitted by law to do so and where the reason is compatible with the purpose for which we collected it. If we need to use your personal information for an unrelated purpose, we may notify you and explain the applicable legal basis for that use. If we have relied upon your consent for a particular use of your personal information, we may seek your consent for any unrelated purpose and allow you to terminate your use of the service at that time if you object. Data Retention We store your Personal Data securely throughout the life of your account with us. We will only retain your Personal Data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which we collected it, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting obligations or to resolve disputes. The criteria we use to determine storage periods include the applicable contractual provisions that are in force, legal statutory limitation periods, applicable regulatory requirements, and industry standards. While retention requirements vary by jurisdiction, information about our typical retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are described below. Contact information for marketing purposes is retained on an ongoing basis until you un-subscribe. Thereafter we will add your details to our suppression list indefinitely. Email information collected from Accessibility Users will never be used for marketing purposes. Records of communications with you (e.g. support tickets opened via email or Twitter) may be kept indefinitely. Information collected via technical means such as cookies, webpage counters and other analytics tools is discarded as soon as practical, but may be kept for a limited period of up to one year from expiry of the cookie, typically in a de-identified and aggregated form unless we detect potential abuse of our service, in which case we will retain that information to aid us in preventing future abuse. We are unable to link this anonymized and aggregated information to you, your household, an IP address, or any personal information based on the information stored.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: Changes to this Privacy Policy Any information that we collect is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. We may, however, revise the Privacy Policy from time to time. If a revision is material, as determined solely by us, we will notify you, for example via email. The current version will always be posted to our Privacy Policy page. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: Cookie Policy Last updated: July 18, 2020 We understand your privacy is important to you and are committed to being transparent about the technologies we use. This policy provides detailed information about how and when we use cookies on our Sites and Service. Do we use Cookies? Yes. We and our analytics or service providers, marketing partners, and affiliates may use cookies, web beacons, or pixels and other technologies to ensure everyone who uses the Sites has the best possible experience. Please see the "Third Party Analytics and Tracking Technologies" section of our Privacy Policy for more details. GDPR Note: we believe the hCaptcha anti-bot service (i.e. the Service embedded by websites, games, or mobile apps) includes only so-called "consent-exempt" cookies pursuant to GDPR regulations. Examples of such exempt cookies include: * Technical cookies strictly necessary for the provision of the service. These include preference cookies, session cookies, load balancing cookies, etc. * Statistical cookies managed directly by us (i.e. first party, not third-party cookies), where the data is not used for profiling. This is not legal advice, and no warranties are provided regarding this analysis. If you have additional questions or concerns, please contact us at: The hCaptcha.com and BotStop.com websites (the Sites) may include additional cookies, as described in this Policy. What is a Cookie? A cookie ("Cookie") is a small text file that is placed on your hard drive by a web page server. Cookies contain information that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Some of the cookies will only be used if you use certain features or select certain preferences, and some cookies will always be used. You can find out more about each cookie by viewing our current cookie list below. We update this list periodically, so there may be additional cookies that are not yet listed. Web beacons, tags and scripts may be used in the Sites or in emails to help us to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by our service/analytics providers on an individual and aggregated basis. Why do we use Cookies? We generally use Cookies for the following purposes: To recognize new or past users. To store your login session information if you are registered on our Sites. To improve our Site and to better understand your visits on our platforms and Site. To integrate with third party social media websites. To serve you with interest-based or targeted advertising. To observe your behaviors and browsing activities over time across multiple websites or other platforms. To better understand the interests of our Customers and Integrators. Some Cookies are necessary for certain uses of the Sites, and without such Cookies, we would not be able to provide many services that you need to properly use the Sites. These Cookies, for example, allow us to operate our Sites so you may access it as you have requested and let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged into that account to access Site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our Sites. We also use functional Cookies and Cookies from third parties for analysis and marketing purposes. Functional Cookies enable certain parts of the Sites to work properly and your user preferences to remain known. Analysis Cookies, among other things, collect information on how Customers, Integrators, and End-users use our Sites, the content and products that users view most frequently, and the effectiveness of our third party advertising. Advertising Cookies assist in delivering ads to relevant audiences and having our ads appear at the top of search results. Cookies are either "session" Cookies which are deleted when you end your browser session, or "persistent," which remain until their deletion by you (discussed below) or the party who served the cookie. Full details on all of the Cookies used on the Sites are available at our Cookie Disclosure table below. How to disable Cookies. You can generally activate or later deactivate the use of cookies through a functionality built into your web browser.If you want to learn more about cookies, or how to control, disable or delete them, please visit https://www.knowcookies.com/ for detailed guidance. We may link the information collected by Cookies with other information we collect from you pursuant to this Privacy Policy and use the combined information as set forth herein. Similarly, the third parties who serve cookies on our Sites may link your name or email address to other information they collect, which may include past purchases made offline or online, or your online usage information. If you are located in the European Economic Area, you have certain rights that are described above under the header "Notice to EU Data Subjects", including the right to inspect and correct or delete the data that we have about you. Cookie(s) Disclosure Name: 1. hmt_id Function 1. Used for strictly necessary anonymous service-related statistics, and for other technical purposes like assisting in accessibility support. Party 1. 1st party Type 1. Session Duration 1. 30 days Names: INGRESSCOOKIE, __cfduid, __cflb, session, sessionid Function 2. Used for strictly necessary technical purposes: load balancing, routing. Party 2. 1st party Type 2. Session Duration 2. Varies; up to 30 days. Name: hc_accessibility Function 3. Used for strictly necessary technical purposes: enables Accessibility User use. Party 3. 1st party Type 3. Session Duration 3. Varies; up to 30 days. If you have any questions about this Cookie Policy, please contact us at: Impressum (Site Notice) Last updated: December 23, 2020 hCaptcha is a service of Intuition Machines, Inc. ("IMI"), a Delaware US Corporation (#6393793). Mailed inquiries may be sent to: Intuition Machines, Inc., 350 Alabama St, San Francisco, CA 94110. Note while local COVID-19 orders remain in effect there are no guarantees that mail will be received in a timely manner, and email (support@hcaptcha.com) is the correct channel to reach us. The company does not maintain telephone or fax numbers; this is the 21st century. Information about the current management of the company may be obtained on the About page. The company's current CEO is the managing director responsible for content. Regulatory authority: US Federal Communications Commission, 45 L Street NE, Washington, DC 20554 USA. IMI does not commit to, nor is it obliged to participate in, the alternative dispute resolution for consumer disputes in front of a consumer dispute resolution entity. European Commission official website for Online Dispute Resolution: No guarantees regarding content All information contained on our internet pages has been validated by IMI or a third party. However, neither IMI nor third parties can be held responsible for information being current, accurate, or complete. This also applies to other websites which can be reached via hyperlinks on our pages. IMI accepts no responsibility for the content of these external websites. No advice The information provided on the internet pages does not represent individual advice and cannot replace this. If you need individual advice, please contact our support staff. Use of this site The content and design of our web pages are protected under copyright law. Duplication of the pages and their content in a manner that exceeds reasonable fair use requires prior written consent from IMI if there are no other legal provisions specified for duplication on the page. Copyright All text, images, graphical animation, videos, music, sounds and other material on these pages are protected under copyright law by IMI or third parties if specified. It is forbidden to copy or modify this material for commercial use in a manner that exceeds reasonable fair use. Responsibility for this website IMI is responsible for this website. If you have any questions, please contact us at: Company Resources ContactLogitech Product Privacy Policy | Your Privacy is Our Priority YOUR PRIVACY & SECURITY Last updated: July 2023 The previous privacy policy can be viewed here . Your privacy is important to Logitech, so we have created this policy to explain how we process your personal information. This Statement of Privacy and Security outlines what types of data we collect, how we use it, and how we protect personal information collected by our products, services, applications (apps), software and other devices. Logitech is a group of companies working under their parent company; Logitech Europe S.A. The Logitech company that controls your personal data will vary depending on your relationship with us (whether it be as a customer, partner, contractor or any other relevant relationship). If you are using our products with our websites, then the Logitech Website Privacy Statement also applies. OUR PRODUCTS INFORMATION WE COLLECT We collect data in a variety of ways to improve our products and services: Information you provide to us This includes information you provide when you register and set up new products, download software, post on online platforms like forums or communities, respond to a survey, or enter a contest. Information from the use of products and services When you use products and services, data may be sent to us such as your hardware model, firmware and operating system version, unique device identifiers and IP address/location information. Other times, subject to applicable law and your consent where it is required, we may collect data based on your activities including your settings and configurations, usage data, and crash or error data. We may also collect and otherwise process business contact information that you provide to us, or that we collect from your organization, such as our business partners and suppliers when we are doing business and in the context of performing an agreement. Where notice or consent is required for such processing, the organization will notify and obtain such consent from its respective personnel and authorized users. The data we receive depends on the products, features and services you use, events in which you may participate, business engagements and other interactions you may have with us. This data can include the following: Name and contact data – data like your name, personal or business email address, personal or business postal address, personal or business phone number, user ID and other similar contact data. Credentials – passwords, hints, and information used for authentication and account access. Demographic data – data like your age, gender, country, and preferred language. Payment data – data needed to process your order if you make purchases through a Logitech website, like your shipping address, products ordered, and contact information. When you buy digital products we process payment data such as the value of transaction, what subscriptions you purchased and, if applicable, your Paypal, WeChat, AliPay or Stripe ID. We do not collect payment or credit card numbers. Usage data – data about how you and your device interact with us and our products, like: product use data – the features you use, actions you take, and activities you perform, like. button presses, interactions with an app, or time spent listening to a speaker; device data – data about your device and the network you use to connect to our products, including the operating systems and other software on your device, device identifiers, and regional and language settings; other product data – information from other devices and software, like. stereo, home automation, and television product information, cable provider information; error reports and performance data – the type or severity of the problem, details of the software or hardware related to an error, the contents of files you were using when an error occurred, and data about other software on your device; and support data – information about you and your hardware, software, and details about the incident, authentication data, your communications with us, data about the machine and the application you were using, and system, registry, and configuration data. Interests and favorites – your music preferences, programmed activities or routines, channels and radio stations, and services you use. Contacts and relationships – contacts and relationships if you use a product that supports multi-user, community and sharing functionality. Logitech Accounts (Guest and Logi ID) – there are different options available to create an account, depending on the product or service and your choice. You may decide not to create an account, but provide details as a guest. In this case, we may only collect limited information, such as your name, email address and shipping address. You may decide to create a personal Logitech account called Logi ID on our website.In this case, we may also collect information such as your name, email address, shipping address and it will optimize your experience. For example, it may enable improved personalization and allow you to save and recall settings, configurations, and history. We will assign a unique ID number to your account and information. When you sign into your account, we may collect information about your session, including a record of your sign-in, date and time, the product you signed into, the number assigned to your account, and a unique identifier assigned to your device, your IP address, your operating system and browser version. In general, when you sign into your account, you will stay signed in until you sign out. Social Logins – when you use a third party service such as Apple, Facebook, Google or Twitch to log in, we process the personal data that you have agreed to share via the third party platform in question. Please review the privacy notices presented to you by these third party services when linking your accounts for details on the information Logitech receives. Location data – some products use location data for purposes like time/date and language preferences or for the purpose of legal compliance. Data we may collect about your location can be either precise or imprecise. Precise location data can be your home or work address information or Global Position System data, which we may collect when you enable location-based products or features. Imprecise location data may include a location derived from your Wi-Fi or IP address or data that indicates where you are located with less precision, like a city or region. Content – we may collect information about the content of your files and communications when necessary to provide you with the products you use. We also may collect the content of messages you send to us, like feedback and product reviews you write, or questions and information you provide for customer support. When you contact us, phone conversations or chat sessions with representatives may be monitored and recorded subject to applicable law and your consent where it is required. Product tester data When you sign up to become a Logitech product or service tester, we may collect information about you. We use this data to invite you to become a tester, and we use your feedback to develop and improve our products and services. Examples of the information we collect includes: the categories of products and services you are interested in;information in your product tester application;your testing activity, product data, device data, and diagnostic data;video and/or audio recordings if they were part of the testing you participated in;shipment/fulfillment data; andyour feedback and review about the tested products and services. Unless otherwise communicated to you when you sign up for our testing program, we process this data for the purpose of entering into or performing the contract between you and Logitech. HOW WE USE INFORMATION We use the data we collect: to operate our business and provide, improve, and personalize our products and services, andto send communications, including promotions, account information, security updates, and product information. We may analyze this data, including your personal information, to give you a more seamless, consistent, and personalized experience. We will always do so subject to applicable law and your consent where it’s required. Providing and improving our products and services We use data to provide and improve our products and to perform essential operations. This includes operating and using the products, maintaining and improving their performance, and using data to research, develop new features, and provide customer support. Example uses include: Providing the Product or Service We use data to ensure our products operate as intended and expected. Our products may have personalized features and recommendations that enhance your productivity and enjoyment, and tailor your experiences based on your activities, interests, and location. Customer Support We use data to diagnose product problems, repair customers' devices, and provide other customer care and support services. Product Activation and Registration We use device and application version, location, and unique device, network and identifiers and other data to activate and register products. Product Improvement We use data to improve our products, add new features or capabilities, report errors, improve security, determine what new features to prioritize, and improve efficiency. Security, Safety and Dispute Resolution We use data to protect the security and safety of our products and our users, to detect and prevent fraud, and to resolve disputes and enforce our agreements.For example, we may use data to determine which products need security patches or analyze patterns in data that allow us to develop new security features. Business Operations We may use pseudonymous and aggregated data to create statistics and analysis. For example, financial and product reports are created to analyze performance in a given sector or region. Marketing communications If you have opted in or we have a legitimate interest under applicable law, we may send you information about our products and services by email or telephone, including information about new product features, releases, promotions, and announcements. You can opt out at any time by clicking the ‘unsubscribe’ link in the marketing emails or visiting this page . Subject to applicable law and your consent where it’s required, we may also use cookies or tracking technology to determine the effectiveness of our communications – for example, to determine, in the aggregate, how many people open our emails. We may also send emails to remind you about items left in your online shopping cart, update you or inquire about a service or repair request, or to tell you that you need to take action to keep your account active. Support Communications We may contact you by email or other means to inform you when a subscription is ending or to let you know when security updates are available. SHARING AND DISCLOSING INFORMATION We do not sell your personal data. We may share your personal data with your consent or to complete a transaction or provide a product or service you requested or authorized. We also share personal data among our controlled affiliates and subsidiaries for the purposes described in this policy and when required by law. We may share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. For example, companies hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those functions. These companies must abide by our data protection and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose. We may also disclose personal data to another company if we plan to merge with or be acquired by that business. This may include any organization involved in a merger, transfer, or sale of our assets or business. If you post information in public areas in our products and services, like communities, forums, or blogs, it will be available to the public and we may reuse and republish it at our discretion and in line with our Terms of Use. Finally, we will access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data, including your content, when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to: comply with law or respond to a legal process, like law enforcement or other government agencies;protect our customers, for example, to prevent spam or attempts to defraud our users, or to help prevent loss of life or serious injury;maintain the security of our products, including to prevent or stop an attack on our systems or networks; andprotect your or our legal rights or as required by law or orders from a court or government agency. Information provided by you to third parties We are not responsible for information provided by you to third parties, and that information is not subject to this policy. You assume all privacy, security, and other risks with providing information, including personal information, to third parties. To understand the privacy protections from third parties, you should refer to their privacy policies, if any. CONTROLLING AND ACCESSING INFORMATION You can direct us to update, delete, or deactivate certain information pertaining to you. You can also request that we remove your personal information from the blog, community forums, or other public areas within our control. If we cannot remove certain personal information, we will let you know why. You can unsubscribe from marketing emails from us by following the instructions in the email you received or at the subscription management page on our website. We try to respond to requests to review information we have on file within 30 days of receiving a request. You can “opt-out” of having your personal information used for certain purposes whenever we ask for this information. If you have questions, comments or would like to make a request about your data or our privacy statement or data practices, please contact us at support.logitech.com/response-center or through the following methods: Phone: +1 646-454-3200 Contact: support.logitech.com/response-center Postal Mail: Logitech Privacy Officer, 3930 North First Street, San Jose, CA 95134 USA If you are not satisfied with our response, you can refer your privacy complaint or dispute to the state or national data protection authority in your jurisdiction.CHILDREN We do not knowingly collect or maintain information about persons under 13 years of age. If we learn that information about persons under 13 years of age has been collected on or through Logitech sites, we will take appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under 13 years of age who has registered for an account or service on our sites, please contact us using the contact information below to have that child’s account or service terminated and personal information deleted. DATA SECURITY We are committed to the protection of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures, including TLS encryption, to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. HOW WE STORE AND PROCESS INFORMATION We will retain your personal data for as long as: you use our products or services;your account is active;needed to provide you services;we are legally required to;to resolve disputes; andto enforce our agreements. Personal data that is no longer required to be retained will be deleted at regular intervals. Personal information collected by us may be stored and processed in the United States or in any other country we or our affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. We take steps to ensure that the data we collect is processed as described in this statement and according to the law wherever the data is located. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended, including by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (together, CCPA), California residents have specific rights around Logitech's collection, use, and sharing of their personal information. We do not sell your personal information, and we will not do so in the future without providing you with notice and an opportunity to opt-out. If you require this notice in an alternative format, please email privacy@logitech.com or call our toll-free number +1 800 711 8156. Logitech collects and uses various types of personal information when you use its products and services, which are described within the Logitech Product and Web Privacy Policies. Logitech shares personal data with third parties for business purposes. Specifically, here are the seven categories of activities for which we share data for business purposes: AuditingSecurityDebugging and Technical TroubleshootingShort term, transient use (personal information is not disclosed to third parties and it is not used to build profiles)Performing ServicesInternal ResearchTesting or Product/Service Improvement If you are a resident of California, you have the right to request to know what personal information has been collected about you, how we use, share and disclose it, and to access that information. You also have the right to request that we delete your personal information, though exceptions under the CCPA may allow us to retain and use certain personal information. We do not sell your personal information. In limited circumstances we share your personal information for advertising. You can “opt-out” of having your personal information used for this purpose by contacting us at support.logitech.com/response-center . You can learn more about how to submit a data rights request through contact details located within this policy. You may also send your request by email to privacy@logitech.com or call our toll-free number +1 800 711 8156. An agent may submit a request on your behalf, but you must provide proof that the agent is authorized to do so by providing the agent with a signed letter giving permission to submit a request on your behalf and you must confirm that authorization directly with us by sending an email to privacy@logitech.com . We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not deny you goods or services, charge different prices or rates, or provide a different service level for exercising your privacy rights. However, we may offer certain financial incentives permitted by the CCPA that can result in different prices, discounts or quality levels. Any incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information and will only be collected or processed with your consent. California’s Shine the Light Law Separate from the CCPA, California’s Shine the Light law gives California residents the right to ask companies what personal information they share with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose your personal information to third parties for the purpose of directly marketing their goods or services to you unless you request it.Creativity and Productivity Products Logitech Creativity & Productivity include hardware like mice, keyboards, touchpads, presenters, webcams, and headsets, and related software and services like Logitech Options and Options+ (Logitech Options), Logitech Capture, Logitech Presentation, Setpoint, and Logitech Control Center. We use data we collect relating to these products and services for a variety of purposes described above, including security, stability and product performance. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below. Backup and Transfer of Device Settings Logitech Options allows you to customize your mice, keyboards, and touchpads on your computer. Logitech Capture software allows you to record video and audio on your computer and change the settings of the camera. This software also offers you the ability to back up your device settings to the cloud so you can transfer those settings to other computers and set up your devices easily. Information that may be collected includes: Account information like name, email address, and password to create an account or if you use a third-party open authorization (OAuth2) like Facebook or Google to log in.Computer information like the name, make, and model of the computer to ensure the device works correctly.Logitech Options specific information:Button and key customizations, including app-specific customizationsOther device settings like point and scroll settings of your mouseAnalytics data is collected subject to your consent Logitech Capture specific information:Scene composition and camera settings With Logitech Options, device settings get backed up automatically. You can choose to not have your device settings backed up automatically or log out, effectively turning off the backup functionality. Software Updates Our servers automatically record certain information, including the IP address, the software version, and the connected devices to check for necessary software updates and download the required device images or assets, during and after the installation of our software. Performance, Diagnostics and Analytics With your consent, some of our software (like Logitech Options, Capture, Presentation app, Setpoint, and Logitech Control Center) collect and record information about the software, devices, and other information such as: usage of software features;customization of your devices;system hardware and software like OS version;city-level location information using IP address;device usage frequency like click, and button count. For example, so that we can analyze the durability and dependability of our products, we may capture how many times each button is used during the course of 24 hours;Logitech Capture-specific information – we capture scene usage and camera model information. We do not analyze or transmit audio or video from the user. Logitech Presenters capture when you start and end a presentation, along with the application name and version you are using. We collect this information so that we can help improve functionality. We do not collect the data you insert while using your mice, keyboards or touchpads. A Keystroke assignment refers to when you customize your device and assign a shortcut, our apps require permission from you in order to perform the assigned shortcut. Product Functionality We sometimes collect data like device and application information for product features to function properly. For example, Logitech Flow is a feature in some devices that allows you to seamlessly switch between two or three computers, and transfer text, images, and files from one computer to another. To enable automatic discovery of computers during the setup process of Flow, we may collect your device identifier and IP address. Circle Cameras and Products Logitech Circle cameras are wireless cameras and software applications that can be used for a variety of purposes at home and at work. They provide users rich video and audio recordings accessible from a mobile device or computer. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below. Activation and Registration To activate and register your products, you provide information to us to create an account, including your name, email address, password, credit card (if you subscribe to premium services), camera name, and camera settings. We also offer activation and registration through third party open authorization (OAuth2) services, such as Facebook, so you can share clips you’ve selected to that service. While setting up the product, the country code of operation needs to be set. Some operating systems may prompt for location data access when determining the country code of operation.Circle Video and Audio Recordings When you use Circle products and services, our servers automatically receive, record, and process data necessary to provide the service as well as information from the devices you use to view or listen to the data, including: video and audio recordings;device-specific information like hardware model, operating system version, and device identifiers such as MAC address, mobile network information, router names and meta-data concerning Apple Home Hubs and other Apple HomeKit devices;service event logging information;time and date of service use;on/off, and other interaction with the product;crashes, system activity, and hardware settings; andgeo-location information (when location services are enabled) Circle products may send pseudonymous information to an analytics tool, including timestamps, transmission statistics, feature usage, performance metrics, errors, etc. We use the pseudonymous information to provide, enhance, and improve our services, features, technical support and information. Circle Features Circle products have features that, if enabled, require us to collect and analyze data intelligently for them to work. For example, Smart Location automatically detects when you leave the house or come home, and Smart Alerts intelligently analyze motion to make sure you only get relevant alerts. Circle Security and Storage We have implemented Circle products so that no Logitech employee, contractor, vendor, affiliate, or governmental entity can access unencrypted footage. Every Circle camera has a unique private key and digital certificate, which is used to encrypt communications in transit. The Circle servers use AES 256 Bit Dual Layer Encryption to store your footage encrypted-at-rest. Data collected is stored directly within the application, on your Device, and on servers in the U.S. or other countries where we or our affiliates, subsidiaries or service providers have facilities. We will retain collected information for as long as needed to provide the service and in accordance with the Logitech Privacy Policy. Circle Cameras with Apple HomeKit Support When a Circle camera is connected to the Apple HomeKit ecosystem, Apple controls the data generated and passed to HomeKit and is responsible for the privacy and handling of your audio and video content. We have no ability or mechanism to access any HomeKit audio/video data. If a Circle camera is only set up in HomeKit, the camera will still periodically check our servers for firmware update availability. This involves sending the model, firmware version, and the country code of operation to our servers. If you enable the sharing of diagnostic information with Logitech through the Apple Home App, the following data will be shared with Logitech and/or Apple, and used for troubleshooting purposes only: device-specific information such as hardware model, names, operating system version, device identifiers such as MAC address, information about nearby wireless networks, and meta-data concerning Apple Home Hubs and other HomeKit devices;device event logging information;time and date of device use;on/off, and other interaction with the Product;crashes, system activity, hardware settings; andany additional details submitted by you such as descriptions, screenshots and footage. Logitech Gaming Products Logitech Gaming (Logitech G) products and services include hardware like gaming keyboards, headsets, speakers, and mice, and applications for gaming consoles and PCs like G HUB software. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below. Logitech G Custom Experience G HUB software allows you to easily configure devices and create commands and macros for games and other applications. Adding other information about your PC, operating system, games and applications and any specific settings you adjust as part of setting up your product improves your experience. We also use this data to enhance the security and stability of our products. If you opt-in to data analytics collection, when you use G HUB, our servers automatically receive and record information about the use of your product, including: location information and IP address;data about when you access G HUB features, such as adjusting DPI, lighting or control configuration;data related to the discovery of devices you connect, like a new Logitech G mouse or keyboard;other device and system activity including feature usage, performance metrics, errors, crash data, etc.; andthere is a separate opt-in for submitting error logs to Logitech. If you opt in, anonymous crash related data will automatically (and manually based on user input) be sent to us for troubleshooting purposes. Logitech G HUB Community When you create an account for the G HUB community, we collect information like your name, email address, country of residence, and security question responses.Accessing the G HUB community gives you access to features including: downloading profiles, lighting, and other settings from the Community Library;uploading your profiles and effects to share with the community, or for personal storage. You can remove any shared item at any time; anda personal profile that others in the community can view. You control what is shared in your profile. You can unsubscribe or delete your G HUB account at any time. Logitech G Cloud Gaming Handheld G Cloud is a handheld gaming console on which you can play cloud gaming titles and access cloud streaming services anywhere, at any time. Logitech’s processing of your personal data is limited to the Logitech hardware and the Logitech incorporated software. We collect your unique device ID for the core functioning of your console, to ensure it works correctly. There is also certain personal data collected for the core functioning that is only processed and stored locally on your console, such as your country or region for network connectivity. If you choose to share your diagnostics and device usage data, we will receive information about your use of the console, such as your battery and charging experience, your usage of the buttons and joysticks and the audio ports. We use this information to improve our products and services. For EEA, the UK or CH; we collect your device diagnostics and device usage data on the basis of legitimate interest. We use this information to improve our products and services. You may opt out at any time from your device settings. Pro Alliance Pro Alliance is a website platform designed to support you as a professional gaming athlete, to improve your performance and wellness. There are services that Logitech provides for you, such as customer service support and technical product information. There are also third party service providers available that you may choose to use, such as to receive wellness coaching and services. You may be required to register with that third party, consent to their terms and review their privacy policy. We will not share your personal data with these third parties nor will we receive any of the personal data you share with those third parties. Harmony and Related Products Logitech Harmony products and services include hardware like remote controls, Harmony Hub, and Pop Button and related applications for tablets and/or smart phones like the Harmony app. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below. Harmony Registration When you activate and register your Harmony products, we collect information like your name, email address, country of residence, and security question responses. This data is used to authenticate and associate you to your account and devices. You can also activate and register through third party open authorization (OAuth2) services, such as Facebook. Harmony Custom Experience Harmony products let you easily control and create activities or routines that combine commands from multiple devices. Adding information about your entertainment and home automation devices (like brand and model numbers), activities you choose to program (like Watch TV, Listen to Music, etc.), and any specific settings you adjust as part of setting up your product (e.g., customizing buttons) improves your experience. For example, you may actively provide your zip or postal code, your TV service provider and your preferred TV channels, shows and/or programming genres. You will know what you submit in each case, because you will manually enter the information. We store this information to prevent the loss of your custom configurations. We also use the following information to ensure that your device works and to enhance the security and stability of our products: location information and IP address;data about when you access our software, like the features you access and when you sync your remote;data related to the discovery of devices in your environment, and your use of product features, like the “help” button or “reboot” actions; andwith your consent where it’s required, information sent to an analytics tool, including feature usage, performance metrics, errors, etc. Logitech Video Conferencing Products Logitech Video Conferencing products and services include video conferencing systems, video conferencing cameras, speakerphones, touch controllers, headsets, and webcams, as well as software like Sync, our cloud device management platform. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below. Logitech Sync Service Logitech Sync enables users to remotely monitor and manage their Logitech video conferencing systems. Sync is made up of two parts, the desktop Sync app and the cloud “Sync Portal”. To use the Sync Portal, the Sync App must be installed on the meeting room computer.Once installed and authenticated with the Sync Portal, the Sync app will communicate directly with Sync Portal to enable remote management and monitoring capabilities. When you create a Logitech Sync account, we collect information like your name, email address, password, country, and organization name. We use this data to authenticate and associate you to your account and devices. Sync collects diagnostic and usage data to help maintain and improve the Sync experience. Sync collects the following information to provide management and monitoring features: Logitech VC product info (name, firmware version, meta data);Sync App version installed;computer info (OS type, OS version, IP, MAC address, computer specs);geolocation; andoccupancy info (metadata only) Jaybird Products and Services Jaybird products include lightweight, high-quality headphones for people with active lifestyles and related applications for tablets and/or smartphones like the Jaybird app. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below. Jaybird App The Jaybird app allows a user to: customize the sound of their headphones;update product and firmware settings;record the location where their headphones were last connected; andbrowse and use presets and Spotify playlists shared by other users When you register for an account, we collect information like your name, email address, personal image (avatar), current location, and password. This data is used to authenticate and associate you to your account and devices. Jaybird also offers registration through third party open authorization (OAuth2) services, such as Facebook, Google and Spotify. When you use your Jaybird product with the app, or the app by itself, our servers automatically receive and record certain information, including: product data, like your headphone model or app version;data about how you use the app, like the features you access and when you connect your headphones;data related to the discovery of devices in your environment, and your use of product features, like the “rename” action; andwith your consent where it’s required, information sent to an analytics tool, including feature usage, performance metrics, errors, etc. To safely back up your custom configurations, our servers receive and record additional information, including: current product settings, including name, button controls and voice prompt settings; andpreset and playlist information. Location data for Find My Buds is stored on the mobile device and is not backed up to our servers. Ultimate Ears Products and Services Ultimate Ears products are high quality, beautifully designed speakers and headphones. Ultimate Ears Pro and CSX both offer premium custom-fit in ear monitors (earphones). Ultimate Ears applications enable additional features and allow users to better control and customize their listening experiences. The Privacy Policy applies to these products, but there are a few distinctions as noted below. Ultimate Ears Mobile Functions and Customization Users can customize their listening experience by configuring their devices using an Ultimate Ears application. These applications enable features like pairing multiple devices, tap controls, and multi-user DJ functionality. During the customization process, a user may be required to enter their name and contact information, including an email address and password. We do not collect any data about the content a user plays using Ultimate Ears products. Ultimate Ears Integration with Other Services Some Ultimate Ears products, like our Bluetooth speakers, can integrate with third-party services like Amazon Alexa. These integrations let users perform tasks like streaming music, ordering goods and services, and asking for information. To enable third party services that link with your Ultimate Ears device, you may be required to register with that third party and consent to their terms. Once the link has been made, Ultimate Ears devices can receive and pass information directly to the third party. Ultimate Ears products do not store any user command data passed from the user to the third party. Only data necessary to ensure the link between third parties and the user’s Ultimate Ears product is retained. Custom In Ear Monitors (IEM) Ultimate Ears Pro and CSX offer premium custom-fit in ear monitors (earphones). Most Pro devices require user ear impressions, which are typically created digitally or with molds. by a third party, most commonly an audiologist. The CSX devices require images and impressions of the user's ear to optimize the product fit. We retain these impressions in case of loss, reordering, or reproduction, or until a user requests that they be discarded. CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT We will occasionally update this Statement. If there are material changes to this Statement or in how we will use your personal information, we will prominently post the changes before making them.We will not make any changes that are less protective of your personal information collected in the past without your consent. We encourage you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how we are protecting your information. Thank you for your interest in Logitech and our products and services. About Logitech Story Careers Investors Blog Press Contact Us Values Social Impact Sustainability Recycling Accessibility Partners Affiliate Program Influencer CUSTOMERS Return Policy Email Preferences Student Discount Yes, I want to receive news and product emails. Read our privacy policy . United States Cart Free shipping on orders over $29 & free returns Item Subtotal: (Not Including Tax or Shipping) Promo Code msg flash Or Privacy Preference Center Your PrivacyStrictly Necessary CookiesAnalytics CookiesFunctional CookiesMarketing Cookies Your Privacy When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Analytics Cookies Analytics Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Marketing Cookies Marketing Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Back Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label