Lutron.com Privacy Policy Lutron understands that your privacy is important to you, and you care about how your personal information is used. This privacy policy explains how we use your personal information, and what rights you have in our use of your personal information. This privacy policy applies to Lutron websites as well as to the personal information we collect in the course of Lutron business operations. Lutron is committed to the security and privacy of our customers’ information. We design with security and privacy in mind. The information we gather is used to enhance the Lutron brand experience for the customer. We are transparent about the information we collect and how we use it. This website does not require you to provide sensitive personal information. If you use other Lutron websites, software, or Apps, or if you “sign in” to a myLutron account, please review those individual privacy notifications, which provide additional details specific to those websites, software, Apps, or accounts. We will address the following categories of information in this Privacy Policy: What information does Lutron collect, for what purpose, and who do we share it with? What information does Lutron collect, for what purpose, and who do we share it with? Depending on your interaction with Lutron, we may collect the following: Personal identifiers. Name, address, email address, internet protocol(IP) address or other similar identifiers.Lutron may use this personal information to: respond to your inquiry or to provide feedback, ship items you request, understand generally what area you are accessing Lutron websites from. Internet activity. Browsing history of your interactions with a Lutron-operated website.Lutron may use this personal information to understand what portions of Lutron websites are used most frequently to enhance website development. Commercial information. Records of products or services that you have inquired about, purchased, or obtained.Lutron may use this personal information to facilitate email marketing from us, or to send you information about a newly introduced Lutron product that integrates with your existing Lutron system. You may choose to opt out of our email marketing programs.Lutron may also use this personal information to provide certain service-related email communication. Because these emails are sent for essential product functionality, you may not opt out of service- and security-related emails. Professional or employment related information. Information about your profession: architect, lighting designer, electrical contractor, etc.Lutron may use this personal information to facilitate targeted email marketing from us. We may, for example, send lighting designers information about an upcoming training webinar, or send electrical contractors information about newly introduced Lutron products and tools to help grow their business. For what purpose do we collect the above information? We use your information to improve the Lutron product experience. Website performance. Lutron utilizes technology to accumulate information about traffic on our websites. The data collected may include your IP address, information about the browser being used, server logs, the pages you view at Lutron web sites, the links you click, and other actions you take in connection with Lutron web sites. We use this information on an individual and aggregated basis to help design and improve our web pages, monitor website usage, and compile business and technical statistics. If you have modified your privacy preferences to disable performance and functional cookies, information will not be shared with third party providers for this purpose. Customer service. We provide various user interfaces to allow you to provide your contact information and to request information about our products and services. We may also seek your feedback regarding the quality of a Lutron webinar or your feedback about a recent visit to a Lutron Experience Center. This website also presents the opportunity for an online “chat” to obtain customer service. Contact information may be requested in each case, as well as other personal data that is relevant to your customer service inquiry. This personal data is used to enhance your customer experience. Enrollment in email marketing from Lutron. From within this website, you may be able to “opt in” to receiving marketing email communications from Lutron. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link from within the marketing email. Please note we may also email you important service updates such as password reset requests, information on security updates, and technical support information. Because these are sent for essential product functionality, you may not opt out of service- and security-related emails. Providing website feedback to Lutron. From our website, you can contact us to inform us of issues with our website, such as broken links.Your data helps us investigate your comment and initiate modifications to our website. Business administration and legal compliance. We may use your personal information for the following business administration and legal compliance purposes: to comply with our legal obligations, to enforce our legal rights, and to protect rights of third parties. We obtain this personal information in the following ways: Directly. For example: when you provide information during interactions with a Lutron employee who is assisting you, during a visit to a Lutron Experience Center, or when viewing a Lutron webinar or downloading Lutron product information. Indirectly and from third parties. For example: interactions with a Lutron contracted sales representative agency, dealer, or distributor, from available industry information about construction projects, when your badge is scanned while you are visiting a Lutron trade show booth, or by attending a third-party-hosted seminar to learn about Lutron products. From activity on our website. For example: Using a webpage interface to provide your contact information and to request information about our products and services, enrolling in email marketing, initiating a “chat” on the website, or assembling information about traffic on our websites. “Cookies” information. Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user's web browser when accessing a website. Cookies are part of the flow of information between hardware devices and web browsers, and can be used for, among other things, customizing user interaction with web sites and enhancing web site performance and utility. Cookies may be used for many different purposes, including: Required (Strictly Necessary) Cookies : These cookies are required to make the websites function properly and give you access across Lutron sites. Analytics (Performance) Cookies : These cookies are used to analyze how the Lutron website is used, to count the number of visitors, and to identify improvement opportunities. Website usage statistics and other reports are not linked to an individual. Functional Cookies : These cookies allow the website to remember the choices you make such as your username, language, or the region you are in, and provide enhanced, more personal features. They may also be used to provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or speaking with a customer service representative via chat. Targeting Cookies : These cookies may be placed by websites other than Lutron, such as by advertising companies we are working with. They may be used by those companies to help provide more relevant advertising and are subject to the respective policies for the aligned external services. Lutron may share your information for the purpose of targeted advertising. If you would like to opt-out of that use of your information, please modify your cookie settings in our Privacy Preference Center. Depending on the cookies in use, we may collect personal information about your device, browsing actions and patterns. Similar to cookies, we may also collect personal information by using, pixels, beacons, log files, and other similar technologies in order to compile information about your web site usage and your interaction with email received from Lutron.If you choose not to accept certain cookies from Lutron’s web sites, it may affect the website performance, including your ability to access certain features. Many internet browsers have settings to enable global privacy controls (GPCs) or have a feature called “do not track” (or similar) option available in the browser’s settings. These features let you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked. The Lutron website is designed to respond to these signals; however, their performance may not consistent across browsers. You can always manually change your preferences with regards to the cookies and other trackers at any time by accessing the privacy preference center. You may also use commercially available software to manage cookies and similar trackers. With Whom May We Share Your Personal Data? We take your privacy seriously and will not share your personal data with others, except in the following circumstances: Service providers. We may disclose your personal data to third-party service providers who enable us to fulfill your request for enhanced website functionality, Lutron product literature or samples, or to connect you with a local sales representative agency, website hosting, and professional services including information technology services, regulatory services, and legal services. Our other group entities. We may disclose your personal data to our other Lutron group companies to provide you with tailored services and communications, or in accordance with our business administrative practices. Targeted Advertising and Website Usage. Lutron does not, and will not, sell your information in a traditional sense. i.e., for money.However, some laws define “sell” very broadly to include activities like sharing your information to perform certain types of analytics or to provide a more targeted and personal ad experience. Lutron may share your information for the purpose of targeted advertising. If you would like to opt-out of that use of your information, please modify your cookie settings using the on-site cookie banner or the cookie preferences link in the website footer. Legal reasons. We may use or disclose your personal data as we deem necessary or appropriate under applicable laws; to respond to requests from governmental and regulatory authorities; to comply with court orders, litigation procedures, and other legal processes; to obtain legal remedies or limit our damages; to protect the operations of Lutron group entities; and to protect the rights, safety, or property of our employees, you, or others. How you contact us to request a copy of your data, request to have your personal data erased, or for other privacy inquiries? How you contact us to request a copy of your data, request to have your personal data erased, or for other privacy inquiries? Contact us at the following address. Please be sure to indicate the nature of your request: 1 (844) LUTRON1 (United States) For security reasons, we will need to verify that the person initiating a data request is authorized. To opt out of receiving email marketing simply click on the unsubscribe link in the email you receive. No further verification is needed. For other privacy inquiries, generally we will verify you by confirming at least two (2) pieces of your provided personal information with information maintained by Lutron. Depending on the nature of your request we may need to implement heightened processes to verify your identity. Should you use an authorized agent to initiate a data request on your behalf, you will need to coordinate with your authorized agent to send the required account verification information to us. You will not receive a differing level of service if you initiate a data request; initiating a request will not impact the operation of Lutron products you may be using. We are required to advise residents of California that they may request the following: A copy of your personal information collected by Lutrondeletion of your personal information;opt-out of the sale of personal information;correction of inaccurate personal information; andlimit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information. How long do we keep your personal data & how do we protect it? How long do we keep your personal data & how do we protect it? Lutron takes security very seriously and we follow industry best practices around securing data, monitoring for potential abuse, and updating systems. We collect only the personal data we need to fulfill the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy, and we will not retain personal data for longer than necessary. The categories of personal data we collect are: personal identifiers, internet activity, commercial information, and professional or employment related information; we will generally retain personal data collected from you via this website for less than three years. Upon “opting out” of email marketing, we may continue to retain your information for other service and support reasons such as: password reset, technical updates, warranty requests. However, if we believe we need to retain personal data to respond to a legal inquiry, we may retain the data for a longer period. Personal data from minors This website is directed solely at adults. If you are under the age of sixteen (or, if being a 'minor' is defined as a younger age in your relevant jurisdiction, that relevant age), please do not provide us with any of your personal data, including your email address. Other Lutron websites and third-party links This website may include links to: Lutron websites focused on other countries. Because privacy laws vary by country, when you leave this Lutron website we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit. Third party websites. Clicking on links to third party websites may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy policies. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit. About us About us Lutron Electronics Co., Inc. is headquartered in Coopersburg, Pennsylvania, United States. We are approximately 60 miles north of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. We are an industry leading manufacturer of lighting control systems and have been in business for more than 50 years.Lutron Electronics Co., Inc.7200 Suter RoadCoopersburg, PA 18036 USA This Privacy Policy provides a list of the categories of personal information we may have collected, the source from which we may have collected that information, and how we have shared that information for the past 12 months. This Privacy Policy also provides advanced notice of our intended uses of any subsequently provided personal information. Changes to this Privacy Policy Changes to this Privacy Policy To ensure that you are always aware of how we use your personal data we will update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect any changes to our use of your personal data. We may also make changes as required to comply with changes in applicable law or regulatory requirements. We will notify you by e-mail of any significant changes. However, we encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to be informed of how we use your personal data. Lutron is a trademark or registered trademark of Lutron Electronics Co., Inc., in the US and/or other countries. ©2023 Lutron Electronics Co., Inc Cookie PreferencesDo Not Sell My Personal Information us en United States United States Taiwan Hong Kong United Kingdom Mexico English English Chinese Spanish French German This site uses cookies to enhance your website experience. By continuing to browse, you consent to our use of cookies. Learn more in our Privacy Policy