Site Policy Site Policy Website Terms of Use Agreement and Scope of Terms of Use The purpose of this website is to foster a broader understanding among our customers of the activities of each company of the Macromill, Inc. Before using Macromill, Inc. Website, carefully read and agree to the Terms of Use specified below. Agreement and Scope of Terms of Use Macromill, Inc. may amend the Terms without obtaining Customers' agreement.In this case, the terms of use of the Service shall conform to the latest version of the Terms after change; accordingly, please check the details of the latest terms.The amended Terms shall come into effect the moment they are displayed on Macromill, Inc. Website, unless otherwise specified by Macromill, Inc. Recommended web browsing environment This website is best viewed on PCs, mobile handsets, iPhone and Android™-based smartphones. Recommended Browsers Windows Microsoft Internet Explorer 8 or aboveGoogle ChromeMozilla Firefox Mac SafariGoogle ChromeMozilla Firefox Android (Android 4.2 or above) Google Mobile Chrome iPhone (iOS 9.0 or above) Mobile Safari *We recommend always using the latest version Information Security Policy Macromill, Inc. (hereinafter, "Macromill") fully recognizes the importance of information security and believes that it is an important management issue of the business strategy to provide high quality services that can be trusted by customers and business partners by taking high-level precautions against the risk of information leakage. Macromill shall establish the basic policy concerning information security in order to further strengthen information security and strives to maintain and construct an appropriate information management system by having the directors, employees, and other related parties comply with the policy and maintain high awareness of information security. Information Security Basic Policy Macromill shall comply with laws and regulations concerning information security, such as the Act on the Protection of Personal Information, and regulations, such as guidelines set down by the government authorities and the industry association that Macromill belongs to and strives to practice appropriate information management. Macromill shall establish internal rules based on the Information Security Basic Policy and clear and specific policies that all the directors and employees shall comply with. Macromill shall appoint Information Security Officers who shall at all times be aware of the state of information security of Macromill and the revision status of related laws, regulations, and rules and who shall appropriately take the necessary precautions. Macromill shall implement appropriate and reasonable information security measures for products and services that Macromill offers. Macromill shall analyze and evaluate the risks related to information security and then implement appropriate and reasonable information security measures for the recognized risks. Macromill shall provide in a systematic manner education and training on information security for directors and employees. In the event of a problem concerning information security, Macromill shall quickly respond in order to achieve a resolution and strive to minimize the damage. Macromill shall establish and appropriately operate an internal control system for information, and audit and verify its effectiveness. June 30, 2016 (Established) Regarding encryption of information