Cookie Policy Mapbox uses cookies to improve the website experience for visitors and to improve communication. “Cookies” are small pieces of text information that a website stores on a computer/device for future use. A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain the cookie comes from, the “lifetime” of the cookie, and a randomly generated unique number or other value. Cookies can be deleted from a computer/device at any time and browser settings can be changed to not allow cookies at all. Please note that where login is required on the Mapbox website(s), cookies are required so that Mapbox knows whether an individual is logged in or not. Types of Cookies Cookie List Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. .www.mapbox.com First Party go.mapbox.com First Party __cf_bm, BIGipServerab22web-nginx-app_https Third Party Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. mapbox.com _ga , _gid , _mkto_trk , mkjs%3Acookies , mkjs%3Atest , mkjs_group_id , mkjs_user_id First Party rack.session Third Party _gh_sess Third Party Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. mapbox.com First Party www.mapbox.com First Party _octo, logged_in Third Party __cf_bm, player, vuid Third Party Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. www.mapbox.com drift_aid , drift_campaign_refresh , driftt_aid First Party mapbox.com _fbp , _gat_gtag_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx , _uetsid , _uetvid , ajs_user_id First Party AnalyticsSyncHistory, bcookie, lang, li_gc, li_sugr, lidc, UserMatchHistory Third Party drift_aid, drift_campaign_refresh, driftt_aid Third Party personalization_id Third Party lang Third Party api_token, experiment_overrides, referrer_url, server_session_id, twitch.lohp.countryCode, unique_id, unique_id_durable Third Party MUID Third Party CONSENT, VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE, YSC Third Party bscookie Third Party Third Party Privacy & Security FAQ Last Updated: December 2022 1. Is Mapbox a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) company? No. Mapbox is an API and SDK platform company. Mapbox customer end user applications send structured requests to Mapbox and then receive (from Mapbox) the requested information (e.g., a specific map tile or route from A to B). 2. Is Mapbox a hosting company? No. However, some customers do choose to upload map data to Mapbox for distribution to their end users.Customers may elect to use Mapbox Upload APIs (currently, Uploads, Tilesets and Datasets), although customers may also technically restrict their developers from using the Upload APIs through token scoping. 3. Is Mapbox a Data Controller or a Data Processor? Data Processor. Mapbox’s Data Processing Addendum (“ DPA ”) is incorporated into any applicable agreement with its customers and scoped broadly enough to encompass many global privacy laws. Mapbox's goal is to provide transparency about the data entrusted to it, how such data is used, and the technical and organizational measures designed to protect such data. 4. Does Mapbox have information security credentials? Yes . Mapbox is SOC2 Type 2 certified and its summary SOC3 report is available for customer review. Upon request and execution of an NDA, Mapbox may share a copy of its latest SOC2 report. 5. How does Mapbox comply with privacy laws? Mapbox takes privacy and data security very seriously and implements processes designed to operate in compliance with: VCDPA (Virginia, USA), UK-GDPR (UK), GDPR (Europe), CTDPA (Connecticut, USA), CCPA and its implementing regulations including CPRA (California, USA, and APPI (Japan), among many other important jurisdictions. 6. How does Mapbox manage compliance with global privacy laws? Mapbox runs a global data protection program, based on privacy by design, which includes monitoring for upcoming privacy laws and regulations to assess whether its practices may need to be adjusted to maintain compliance; product/service privacy reviews; data breach response processes;and operationalized technical and organizational measures designed to ensure the security of the personal data it receives including: security audits and SOC2 certification; encryption of IP addresses in transit and at rest; pseudonymization of personal data (where applicable); strict access control with logging; limited data retention periods. 7. Is consent required to collect and process location data? In some jurisdictions consent from the end user may be required to collect and process location based data ( e.g. , Virginia and Connecticut) . To the extent customer’s end users are in such locations and customer’s application is implicated by these laws, customer shall obtain end users' affirmative express consent before making available to such end users Mapbox products/services within the customer’s licensed application that collects or processes location data. Additionally, customers shall at all times allow end users to opt out of location data sharing using one of the methods described in Mapbox’s developer documentation. 8. What types of personal data does Mapbox collect from end users and why? Please see Mapbox DPA, Schedule B to learn what personal data may be collected and how it is used. Mapbox applies the principle of data minimization to product development and operations in an effort to ensure the least amount of personal data is collected from the outset. Regarding the limited personal dataset that Mapbox processes, it has implemented a number of technical and organization measures designed to ensure data protection, including prompt deletion of raw log files that contain IP addresses and billing IDs. For billing IDs, which need to be retained for accounting and billing purposes, Mapbox deploys regular ID rotation and 1-way hashing to minimize the ability to track user requests over time. In addition, Mapbox operates strict de-identification procedures, such as clipping traces, for telemetry events that send location data. 9. Why do Mapbox products/services collect the end users’ IP address? Transmission of information across the Internet requires the presence of IP addresses, which define where information will be sent and where such data is coming from. When end users engage with applications that access Mapbox products/services over the Internet, the end user necessarily discloses their current IP address to one or more Mapbox servers. 10. Where (geographically) is personal data that Mapbox receives processed? The United States. However, for performance purposes, Mapbox regularly caches content on its AWS CDN network located in various regions. When content is unavailable in the CDN cache or where the API service requires custom calculations, the requests are routed to the US for processing. Mapbox also utilizes the services of employees who work for Mapbox wholly-owned subsidiaries in order to support, develop and provide its products/services. 11. Can Mapbox limit its geographic processing to Europe (or another specific region)? No . Mapbox’s products/services store and serve source data from an AWS primary region in the US. Data is sometimes cached and served out of various regions outside the US for performance reasons, as described in the questions/response above, but Mapbox cannot serve its data from one limited geographic region.To safeguard such transfers to the US and other regions, please see Mapbox's DPA, Schedule C , which includes the Standard Contractual Clauses released in 2021 by the European Commission. 12. Does Mapbox sell personal data? No. Mapbox does not sell personal data or build targeted profiles with personal data processed through its products/services. 13. Does Mapbox track end users or build end user profiles? No. For customers on a monthly active user (“MAU”) billing model, Mapbox maintains counts of such MAUs for billing purposes only. Mapbox does not (and cannot) track an end user’s activity across such 30 day billing cycles. 14. More questions? Mapbox welcomes any further questions you may have regarding its ongoing commitment to privacy and data security. Please contact Mapbox’s privacy office at privacy@mapbox.com. Want to receive updates on our sub-processors? Please subscribe below: PRODUCTS Maps Search Automotive Navigation Logistics Data Other solutions use cases Company Developers Name Radio Label Checkbox We care about your privacy By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label‍ Mapbox Privacy Policy This privacy policy describes the personal data Mapbox and/or its affiliates (hereinafter collectively referred to as “Mapbox”) may receive and why such personal data may be received in its capacity as a data controller, how such personal data may be used (including whom it may be shared with and for what purposes), and choices about such personal data. See Section 9 for "California Notice At Collection" This privacy policy applies to the extent Mapbox processes personal data in its capacity as a data controller under the GDPR (or “business” under the CCPA) when an individual: (a) visits and engages with any of Mapbox’s websites, (b) attends a virtual or in-person Mapbox event, (c) provides contact information for the purposes of Mapbox contacting about Mapbox products/services, (d) uses third-party websites or applications that cite this privacy policy, (e) provide billing information for Mapbox products/services account administration, or (f) apply to or are contacted about possible employment with Mapbox. Personal data is any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household, as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act, Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.100 et seq. and its implementing regulations (“CCPA”), or relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (hereinafter referred to as "personal data"). This Privacy Policy does not apply when Mapbox acts as a data processor. Most Mapbox customer personal data is not governed by this policy. Mapbox operates in the capacity of a data processor (and not a data controller) for customer personal data when operating Mapbox’s products/services that are purchased by developers and businesses to develop their own licensed applications. As such, customers/prospective customers should read Mapbox’s data processing addendum (“DPA”): https://www.mapbox.com/legal/dpa which governs personal data that may be processed through use of Mapbox products/services including creation of a Mapbox products/services account. Corporate Accounts: If any account created with Mapbox lists a corporate email address for a company with which an individual is currently (or was formerly) employed (a “Corporate Email”), then the corporate entity to whom the Corporate Email pertains is responsible for privacy practices relating to use of Corporate Email. If Corporate Email is used within the scope of this privacy policy (as described at the top of this privacy policy), then this privacy policy applies. For clarification, commonly known personal email account services (e.g., Gmail, Yahoo, Outlook) are not Corporate Email. Personal Data Mapbox May Receive Identifiers: Such as, name, address, email, phone number, Mapbox account username.Commercial information: Such as, transaction data including billing contact’s name, work phone number, work email, work address, professional title, and company name. Financial data: Such as, credit card data is not processed by Mapbox. Instead, credit card data is processed by Stripe, a third-party PCI-certified payment service provider, in accordance with its Privacy Policy . Internet or other network or device activity: When visiting any Mapbox websites, Mapbox automatically receives certain information such as: (a) browser and device type, (b) operating system, and (c) referring web pages including the pages visited on such sites. And information such as, IP address, data collected via strictly necessary and accepted website cookies / similar technologies. For information about cookies on Mapbox’s website, settings, and how to change browser cookie settings, please visit Mapbox’s website here . Employment data: Such as, education and employment history and other relevant personal data provided in an employment application submitted to Mapbox, information from a background check including information provided from reference checks.Location information: Such as, the location of an event where an individual signed up to receive communication or interact with Mapbox.User-generated content: Such as, a public comment provided by an individual in a Mapbox hosted webinar, Mapbox blog, or like Mapbox forum. For avoidance of doubt, an individual’s Mapbox product/service feedback does not constitute user-generated content. Inference data about an individual: Such as, services Mapbox thinks an individual may be interested in based on prior purchases or website browsing, subject to the Mapbox cookie policy . Other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with an individual: Such as, contents of correspondence with: 1) a Mapbox service provider in order to bill for items that may have been shipped upon an individual’s request as a result of the individual’s engagement with a Mapbox marketing campaign in person or virtually.2) Mapbox, whether received through a form submitted on its website, conversation (in person, virtual, or phone call) with its staff, or via an email sent to an [at]mapbox email account. 3) And such as, personal data from entities who provide personal data about individuals, their job functions, and the companies they work for. Such entities attests to Mapbox that they have obtained all necessary consents and have lawful grounds to share such personal data with Mapbox. How Mapbox Uses Personal Data Mapbox uses personal data to: Provide, test, maintain/support, secure and improve Mapbox’s websites, to prevent fraud, misuse and cyberattacks, to calculate de-identified aggregate statistics, and for account administration/ billing purposes. Send marketing information, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications (e.g., marketing newsletters, telemarketing calls, SMS or push notifications, information about Mapbox products, news or events) about Mapbox, its affiliates and partners.Plan or host virtual or in person events, contests, or other programs. Create and manage the recruitment system, job applications and a database of interested individuals and leads (including verifying the information provided to Mapbox) and assess and evaluate applicants skills and qualifications against the position(s) applied for.Cooperate with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with Mapbox’s legal obligations. Comply with applicable law. To Whom Mapbox May Disclose Personal Data Mapbox may disclose personal data to: Mapbox service providers who need to access such personal data in order to provide any of the services, or related services to those, outlined in Section 2 of this privacy policy. However, prior to sharing personal data with such parties, Mapbox will have a written agreement consistent with the obligations outlined in applicable data protection laws and regulations. Advertising and analytics partners. Any secondary use or sharing of personal data obtained through the use of third party cookies by these third parties is subject to their respective privacy policies. For information about cookies on Mapbox’s website and how to change browser cookie settings, please visit Mapbox’s website here . In response to a request so long as Mapbox believes disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process. If Mapbox has a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the personal data is reasonably necessary to enforce its terms of service, detect, prevent, or otherwise address threats to its platform, or protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Mapbox, its users, or the public as required or permitted by law. In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of Mapbox’s business by another company. International Transfers Personal data may be processed by one or more of Mapbox’s affiliates, processors, or service providers in order to operate Mapbox’s business. Therefore, personal data may be processed outside of the location(s) where an individual engaged with Mapbox within the scope of this privacy policy. Personal data may also be processed at Mapbox’s select affiliates' locations and in the United States for account administration and billing. Mapbox ensures that the transfer of personal data offers an adequate level of protection and security, for instance by entering into the appropriate agreements that continuously ensure the same level of protective measures as set forth in applicable data protection laws and regulations and, if required, standard contractual clauses or an alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission (Art. 46 GDPR) or other applicable regulators or legislators. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES 4.1 Legal bases for processing personal data: Some countries require that companies only process personal data if they have a “legal basis” (or justifiable need) to process personal data. To the extent those laws apply, Mapbox’s legal bases for processing personal data are as follows: To perform a contract between the individual and Mapbox, or to take steps at the individual’s request prior to entering into a contract.To comply with a legal obligation to which Mapbox, as a controller, is subject.To protect the vital interests of an individual or of another natural person.For the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by Mapbox as the controller or by a third party, except where the individual’s interests or fundamental rights and freedoms override such interests.Retention Mapbox stores personal data for so long as it is needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected, as described in Section 2 of this privacy policy. Security Mapbox takes steps designed to secure personal data in accordance with this privacy policy. Unfortunately, no system is 100% secure, and Mapbox cannot ensure or warrant the security of any personal data it receives. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Mapbox does not accept liability for unintentional or accidental destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access. Children Mapbox products/services, websites, events, and other communications are not intended or directed to children under the age of 18 (or other age of majority as required by local law), and Mapbox does not knowingly collect personal data from children. If the parent or legal guardian learns that their child has provided Mapbox with personal data without their consent, then they should contact Mapbox as set forth below in the Contact Mapbox section of this privacy policy. If Mapbox learns that it has collected personal data in violation of applicable law, it will promptly take steps to delete such personal data. Choices About Personal Data An individual may opt-out of processing of their personal data within the scope of this privacy policy at any time and prevent further Mapbox processing by contacting Mapbox as described below. Email and Telephone Communications: Click the unsubscribe link found at the bottom of the email received from Mapbox to opt out of receiving future commercial emails. Note that for current customers, Mapbox will continue to send non-promotional communications which may not be opted out of (e.g., communications regarding products/services or updates to Mapbox Terms or this privacy policy). Mapbox processes requests to be placed on do-not-mail, do-not-phone, and do-not-contact lists as required by applicable law. Website logs and cookies: Devices have settings to delete stored cookies and most browsers have the option to decline cookies. However, certain parts of Mapbox’s website (including pages that require login) will not be accessible if Mapbox cookies (first party cookies) are not accepted. In contrast, third-party cookies set by third parties for marketing and analytics purposes on Mapbox’s website can be disabled, in principle, without affecting access. For information about cookies on Mapbox’s website and how to change browser cookie settings, please visit the Mapbox website here . In accordance with applicable law, the individual to whom the personal data pertains may have the following rights regarding their personal data: Access/view personal data Portability of personal data in a commonly machine readable format Correct personal data where it is inaccurate or incompleteDeletion of personal dataRestrict or object to processing of personal dataOpt-out of the sale of personal data, if applicable, where such requests are permitted by law and as defined in the CCPA. To exercise your right to deletion of personal data, please complete the form here . For any other rights, please contact Mapbox at privacy@mapbox.com . In your email include name, and request or question. To protect privacy, Mapbox will take steps to verify the identity of the requestor before fulfilling the request. Mapbox will process such requests in accordance with applicable laws. Although we encourage you to contact us if you have questions or complaints, you also have the right to lodge a complaint in the EU and UK with the appropriate supervisory authority in your jurisdiction. In some cases, these rights may be subject to exceptions, as permitted by applicable law. Additional Information For California Residents 9.1 California Notice At Collection: Personal Data Mapbox May Receive Identifiers: Such as, name, address, email, phone number, Mapbox account username.Commercial information: Such as, transaction data including billing contact’s name, work phone number, work email, work address, professional title, and company name. Financial data: Such as, credit card data is not processed by Mapbox. Instead, credit card data is processed by Stripe, a third-party PCI-certified payment service provider, in accordance with its Privacy Policy . Internet or other network or device activity: When visiting any Mapbox websites, Mapbox automatically receives certain information such as: (a) browser and device type, (b) operating system, and (c) referring web pages including the pages visited on such sites. And information such as, IP address, data collected via strictly necessary and accepted website cookies / similar technologies. For information about cookies on Mapbox’s website, settings, and how to change browser cookie settings, please visit Mapbox’s website here .Employment data: Such as, education and employment history and other relevant personal data provided in an employment application submitted to Mapbox, information from a background check including information provided from reference checks.Location information: Such as, the location of an event where an individual signed up to receive communication or interact with Mapbox.User-generated content: Such as, a public comment provided by an individual in a Mapbox hosted webinar, Mapbox blog, or like Mapbox forum. For avoidance of doubt, an individual’s Mapbox product/service feedback does not constitute user-generated content. Inference data about an individual: Such as, services Mapbox thinks an individual may be interested in based on prior purchases or website browsing, subject to the Mapbox cookie policy . Other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with an individual: Such as, contents of correspondence with: 1) a Mapbox service provider in order to bill for items that may have been shipped upon an individual’s request as a result of the individual’s engagement with a Mapbox marketing campaign in person or virtually. 2) Mapbox, whether received through a form submitted on its website, conversation (in person, virtual, or phone call) with its staff, or via an email sent to an [at]mapbox email account. 3) And such as, personal data from entities who provide personal data about individuals, their job functions, and the companies they work for. Such entities attests to Mapbox that they have obtained all necessary consents and have lawful grounds to share such personal data with Mapbox. How Mapbox Uses Personal Data Provide, test, maintain/support, secure and improve Mapbox’s websites, to prevent fraud, misuse and cyberattacks, to calculate de-identified aggregate statistics, and for account administration/ billing purposes. Send marketing information, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications (e.g., marketing newsletters, telemarketing calls, SMS or push notifications, information about Mapbox products, news or events) about Mapbox, its affiliates and partners.Plan or host virtual or in person events, contests, or other programs. Create and manage the recruitment system, job applications and a database of interested individuals and leads (including verifying the information provided to Mapbox) and assess and evaluate applicants skills and qualifications against the position(s) applied for.Cooperate with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with Mapbox’s legal obligations. Comply with applicable law. To Whom Mapbox May Disclose Personal Data Mapbox service providers who need to access such personal data in order to provide any of the services, or related services to those, outlined in Section 2 of this privacy policy. However, prior to sharing personal data with such parties, Mapbox will have a written agreement consistent with the obligations outlined in applicable data protection laws and regulations. Advertising and analytics partners. Any secondary use or sharing of personal data obtained through the use of third party cookies by these third parties is subject to their respective privacy policies. For information about cookies on Mapbox’s website and how to change browser cookie settings, please visit Mapbox’s website here . In response to a request so long as Mapbox believes disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation or legal process. If Mapbox has a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the personal data is reasonably necessary to enforce its terms of service, detect, prevent, or otherwise address threats to its platform, or protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Mapbox, its users, or the public as required or permitted by law. In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of Mapbox’s business by another company. Data Retention Only for so long as Mapbox has a business purpose to retain and process such personal data. Changes To This Privacy Policy Mapbox will update this privacy policy at its own discretion from time to time to reflect changes in Mapbox’s practices, technologies, legal requirements, and other factors. Contact Mapbox Mapbox would love to hear any questions, concerns, or feedback about this privacy policy or Mapbox’s data protection practices. Please contact Mapbox at privacy@mapbox.com. Privacy & Security FAQ Last Updated: December 2022 1. Is Mapbox a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) company? No. Mapbox is an API and SDK platform company. Mapbox customer end user applications send structured requests to Mapbox and then receive (from Mapbox) the requested information (e.g., a specific map tile or route from A to B). 2.Is Mapbox a hosting company? No. However, some customers do choose to upload map data to Mapbox for distribution to their end users. Customers may elect to use Mapbox Upload APIs (currently, Uploads, Tilesets and Datasets), although customers may also technically restrict their developers from using the Upload APIs through token scoping. 3. Is Mapbox a Data Controller or a Data Processor? Data Processor. Mapbox’s Data Processing Addendum (“ DPA ”) is incorporated into any applicable agreement with its customers and scoped broadly enough to encompass many global privacy laws. Mapbox's goal is to provide transparency about the data entrusted to it, how such data is used, and the technical and organizational measures designed to protect such data. 4. Does Mapbox have information security credentials? Yes . Mapbox is SOC2 Type 2 certified and its summary SOC3 report is available for customer review. Upon request and execution of an NDA, Mapbox may share a copy of its latest SOC2 report. 5. How does Mapbox comply with privacy laws? Mapbox takes privacy and data security very seriously and implements processes designed to operate in compliance with: VCDPA (Virginia, USA), UK-GDPR (UK), GDPR (Europe), CTDPA (Connecticut, USA), CCPA and its implementing regulations including CPRA (California, USA, and APPI (Japan), among many other important jurisdictions. 6. How does Mapbox manage compliance with global privacy laws? Mapbox runs a global data protection program, based on privacy by design, which includes monitoring for upcoming privacy laws and regulations to assess whether its practices may need to be adjusted to maintain compliance; product/service privacy reviews; data breach response processes;and operationalized technical and organizational measures designed to ensure the security of the personal data it receives including: security audits and SOC2 certification; encryption of IP addresses in transit and at rest; pseudonymization of personal data (where applicable); strict access control with logging; limited data retention periods. 7. Is consent required to collect and process location data? In some jurisdictions consent from the end user may be required to collect and process location based data ( e.g. , Virginia and Connecticut) . To the extent customer’s end users are in such locations and customer’s application is implicated by these laws, customer shall obtain end users' affirmative express consent before making available to such end users Mapbox products/services within the customer’s licensed application that collects or processes location data. Additionally, customers shall at all times allow end users to opt out of location data sharing using one of the methods described in Mapbox’s developer documentation. 8. What types of personal data does Mapbox collect from end users and why? Please see Mapbox DPA, Schedule B to learn what personal data may be collected and how it is used. Mapbox applies the principle of data minimization to product development and operations in an effort to ensure the least amount of personal data is collected from the outset. Regarding the limited personal dataset that Mapbox processes, it has implemented a number of technical and organization measures designed to ensure data protection, including prompt deletion of raw log files that contain IP addresses and billing IDs. For billing IDs, which need to be retained for accounting and billing purposes, Mapbox deploys regular ID rotation and 1-way hashing to minimize the ability to track user requests over time. In addition, Mapbox operates strict de-identification procedures, such as clipping traces, for telemetry events that send location data. 9. Why do Mapbox products/services collect the end users’ IP address? Transmission of information across the Internet requires the presence of IP addresses, which define where information will be sent and where such data is coming from. When end users engage with applications that access Mapbox products/services over the Internet, the end user necessarily discloses their current IP address to one or more Mapbox servers. 10. Where (geographically) is personal data that Mapbox receives processed? The United States. However, for performance purposes, Mapbox regularly caches content on its AWS CDN network located in various regions. When content is unavailable in the CDN cache or where the API service requires custom calculations, the requests are routed to the US for processing. Mapbox also utilizes the services of employees who work for Mapbox wholly-owned subsidiaries in order to support, develop and provide its products/services. 11. Can Mapbox limit its geographic processing to Europe (or another specific region)? No . Mapbox’s products/services store and serve source data from an AWS primary region in the US.Data is sometimes cached and served out of various regions outside the US for performance reasons, as described in the questions/response above, but Mapbox cannot serve its data from one limited geographic region. To safeguard such transfers to the US and other regions, please see Mapbox's DPA, Schedule C , which includes the Standard Contractual Clauses released in 2021 by the European Commission. 12. Does Mapbox sell personal data? No. Mapbox does not sell personal data or build targeted profiles with personal data processed through its products/services. 13. Does Mapbox track end users or build end user profiles? No. For customers on a monthly active user (“MAU”) billing model, Mapbox maintains counts of such MAUs for billing purposes only. Mapbox does not (and cannot) track an end user’s activity across such 30 day billing cycles. 14. More questions? Mapbox welcomes any further questions you may have regarding its ongoing commitment to privacy and data security. Please contact Mapbox’s privacy office at privacy@mapbox.com. Want to receive updates on our sub-processors? Please subscribe below: PRODUCTS Maps Search Automotive Navigation Logistics Data Other solutions use cases Company Developers Name Radio Label Checkbox We care about your privacy By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label