BBB National Programs uses cookies and similar technologies to give you the best possible content and experience. If you click "Accept,” cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and other media. If you have a business relationship with us, we may link this usage data with your contact information. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy . If you click “Decline,” only cookies that are necessary for performance and usability will be saved on your computer. Link to homepage Close menu Search May we suggest... Search Process For Consumers For Consumers: BBB National Programs Dispute Resolution Process Welcome to the BBB National Programs consumer complaint system. BBB National Programs, a non-profit organization based in the United States, helps individual consumers resolve privacy complaints under the Data Privacy Framework Program. If you are an individual in the European Union, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, or other participating countries with a privacy complaint against a participating U.S. business, you may submit the complaint to our program. Our process is free of charge for individual consumers. File a Complaint We will review all eligible complaints and help you and the participating business reach a resolution as described in our program’s Rules . A Participating Business must comply with BBB National Programs' final determination of any dispute. However, our process is non-binding on the consumer, which means that using our dispute resolution process will not affect your legal rights as an individual. Is your complaint eligible for resolution? Your complaint must concern personal data about you that was collected in a covered country and received in the United States by a Participating Business. 1. Eligible individual. Your complaint concerns personal data about you (or your child under 13 years old). 2. Covered country. Your personal data was collected in one of the following countries: European Union Austria Belgium Bulgaria Croatia Cyprus Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Germany Greece Hungary Ireland Italy Latvia Lithuania Luxembourg Malta Netherlands Poland Portugal Romania Slovakia Slovenia Spain Sweden European Economic Area Iceland Liechtenstein Norway The United Kingdom Switzerland 3. Participating business. Your personal data was received in the United States by a U.S. organization that is both: a. Self-certified under the Data Privacy Framework Program, and b. A Participating Business with BBB National Programs (you may search our list of current participants when you file your complaint). 4. Complaint or inquiry. Your complaint must allege a violation of the Data Privacy Framework Principles by the Participating Business or assert your rights under the Principles in relation to your personal data. Please reach out to the U.S. business via the contact information listed on its privacy policy before filing your complaint with BBB National Programs. The business has 45 days to respond to your inquiry. File a Complaint Follow us on social media Facebook Twitter Youtube Linkedin Podcasts Link to homepage © 2023, BBB National Programs, Inc. All Rights ReservedPrivacy & Terms How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services Google is experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via Chrome’s Privacy Sandbox initiative. Users that participate in Chrome’s Privacy Sandbox Origin Trials may see relevant ads from Google based on Topics or FLEDGE data stored on, or shared with, their browser. Google may also measure ad performance using Attribution Reporting data stored on, or shared with, their browsers. More information on the Privacy Sandbox . How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google. For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may also set cookies on your browser or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising. Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our Privacy Policy to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our Advertising page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information. Our Privacy Policy explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users. Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so. Ad personalization If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google. If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse. When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads. You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings . How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services: Ad Settings helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also learn how ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings, My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can install the Google Analytics browser add-on . Learn more about Google Analytics and privacy . Incognito mode in Chrome allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about cookies . Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about managing cookies in Chrome . Change language:CompanySolutionsCareersResources Platform Login Contact Us CCPA Opt Out Last Updated: December 21, 2022 Opt out of sale/share for California residents Our Privacy Policy describes the personal information that MediaMath uses to provide you with targeted advertising (also defined as “cross-context behavioral advertising”. When advertising involves the sale/share of your personal information under the CCPA, you receive ads and offers that are more likely to be useful to you. Opting out of the sale/share of your personal information by MediaMath will also opt out you out of targeted advertising. Opting out will limit the personal information that MediaMath collects about you, and how we use that personal information. We will still use your personal information to serve you basic or contextual ads without the sale/share of any of your personal information under the CCPA. We will not target ads that are based on your interests to your browsers or devices. Right to opt out of the sale and/or sharing of your personal information • Complete the Access Request form • Call us toll-free at 1-844-966-4636 Additional Directions for opting out of sale/share You can opt out of MediaMath’s sale/share of your personal information under the CCPA, by taking any of the following three optional steps: If using a browser that is not already opted out , opt out of targeted advertising by clicking below. Your current opt-out status with MediaMath in this web browser is: If using a mobile device that is not already opted out , opt out of targeted advertising in the mobile application environment using the “AppChoices” mobile application, where applicable, which you can download to your mobile device from the App Store or via the DAA AppChoices page here . Send us an email at privacy@mediamath.com . In your email you should indicate your wish to exercise your CCPA right to opt-out of the sale/share of your personal information, as well as provide us with the content your browser’s mathtag.com uuid cookie or with your mobile device’s mobile advertising identifier. Instructions outlining how to find your browser’s mathtag.com uuid cookie for some common browsers can be found here . Providing a pseudonymous identifier will allow us to process your request to opt out of the sale/share of your personal information. Use Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) for California Residents . GPC is a feature that you can enable on a number of internet browsers, including Mozilla Firefox, DuckDuckGo and Brave, or download as a browser extension. For information on how to enable GPC see here . Multiple browsers or devices : If you use multiple browsers or devices and do not wish for MediaMath to sell/share your personal information associated with any of them, you must follow the instructions above for each browser and device individually. Authorized Agent : If you are an authorized agent, you submit the request Complete the Access Request form If you have questions about how to stop MediaMath’s sale/share of your personal information, please contact us at privacy@mediamath.com . Annual Data Requests. The table below sets out the number of consumer requests we received and responded to from consumers located in California and United States from December 21, 2021 through December 21, 2022: Consumer Requests Received Complied with (in whole or in Part Denied* Average number of days to respond Total Requests 40 35 36 Access Requests 36 Deletion Requests 35 35 36 Portability Requests 25 25 36 Opt-out of Sale Requests *Denied: If data verification status is “unverified”. Consumer data requests will be updated on an annual basis. Instructions on how to locate your browser’s mathtag.com uuid cookie Chrome browser: How to locate your browser’s mathtag.com uuid cookie on Google Chrome: Open Google Chrome.Click the menu icon in the upper right corner and select ‘Settings’.Scroll down to the “Privacy and Security” section.Select “Cookies and other site data”.Select ‘See all cookies and site data”.Locate (or search in search bar) then click the mathtag.com tab.Click “uuid”, copy the identifier in the “content” section. Firefox browser: How to locate your browser’s mathtag.com uuid cookie on Mozilla Firefox: Open Mozilla Firefox.Click the menu icon in the upper right corner and select ‘Web Developer’.In the tab that appears, click ‘Storage Inspector’.A toolbox should appear at the bottom of the browser window that will display your “Cookie ID”. If you have questions about how to find your browser’s mathtag.com uuid cookie, please contact us at privacy@mediamath.com . © MediaMath 2023 - Built in NYC EnglishWELCOME TO THE DATA PRIVACY FRAMEWORK (DPF) PROGRAM The EU-U.S. DPF, UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and Swiss-U.S. DPF were respectively developed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission, UK Government, and Swiss Federal Administration to provide U.S. organizations with reliable mechanisms for personal data transfers to the United States from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland while ensuring data protection that is consistent with EU, UK, and Swiss law. U.S. Businesses European Businesses European Individuals Data Protection Authorities LoadingPrivacy Policy Last Updated: June 28, 2023 Introduction Welcome to MediaMath’s Privacy Policy (“ Policy ”). In this Policy, we use the terms “ MediaMath “, “ our “, “ us ” and “ we ” to refer to MediaMath, Inc. and our affiliates. MediaMath is committed to protecting the privacy of individuals (“ users ”, “ you “, “ your “) when we process data about you via our proprietary “Future Proofed Platform”™ (the “ Platform “), when you visit our website at www.mediamath.com (the “ Website “) and when we engage in marketing activities based on contact information you provide to MediaMath through other means described in this Policy. This Policy is provided in a layered format, so you can click through to the specific sections that may interest you. 1. Important information and who we are Purposes of this Policy This Policy sets out how MediaMath collects and processes personal data, personal information or the equivalent terminology in your jurisdiction (“ personal data ” or “ personal information “) about you via the Platform, when you visit the Website, and when we engage in marketing activities based on contact information you provide to MediaMath through other means described in this Policy. It also sets out how we use personal data, the steps we take to protect it, the parties we disclose it to, and the choices and rights that you have regarding personal data we process about you. The date of the last update can be found at the top of the Policy, and this Policy describes how we have handled personal data in the twelve months prior to the date indicated. You should read this Policy carefully so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your personal data. Who we are MediaMath is a global provider of digital advertising media and data management technology. We provide a technology platform and services, which help our advertiser clients (including agencies of such advertisers) do a more effective job of reaching their desired audiences. Our Platform has several aspects. The demand-side aspect enables our advertiser clients to purchase advertising space (or “ inventory “) from publishers (e.g. websites that display ads) in an automated fashion. This inventory includes display, video, audio, social, native, digital out-of-home (e.g., billboards or ads you may see in taxis or buses) and mobile ads. The data management aspect of our Platform provides our advertiser clients with tools to onboard, segment, activate, and understand the data they upload to the Platform. When MediaMath processes your personal data as a controller in the context of operating the Platform, the Website and our marketing activities, the controller of your personal data is MediaMath, Inc., MediaMath GmbH, MediaMath UK Limited and/or MediaMath Publicidade Digital Ltda depending on which MediaMath entity has contracted with the advertiser client. MediaMath is an active member of the industry associations that govern user privacy in the context of digital advertising. As of the last update of this Policy, MediaMath is an active member in and complies with various industry frameworks, including: the Network Advertising Initiative (“ NAI “) and its NAI Code of Conduct; the Digital Advertising Alliance (“ DAA “) and its “Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising”; Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (“ DAAC “); the European Interactive DAA (“ EDAA “); the Interactive Advertising Bureau in the US, Europe and various countries around the world (“ IAB “); including the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework as Vendor ID 79 and its Specifications and Policies; and the Association of National Advertisers (“ ANA “). Targeted Advertising There are many terms such as interest-based, targeted, personalized, targeted and behavioral, and cross context behavioral advertising, which are all terms either defined by privacy laws in applicable jurisdictions or by self-regulatory bodies and each used to describe advertising which is intended for individuals, groups of individuals, or categories of individuals. In this Policy, MediaMath refer to such advertising as “targeted” in that it is targeted to the types of products or services individuals may be interested in. In this Policy we describe how you can opt out of targeted advertising delivered via our Platform. The display of advertising which is not specifically relevant to individuals or group of individuals, is referred to as “basic” advertising and also as contextual advertising. MediaMath facilitates both the display of “targeted” advertising and “basic” or “contextual” advertising. Personal data pertaining to children MediaMath’s products and services are not designed to deliver targeted ads to children. The definition of “child” varies by location. We do not knowingly collect personal data from or about children under age 16 or any higher age where not permitted to do so under applicable law.To the extent permitted by applicable legislation, we decline any responsibility regarding any activities that may be conducted by children without the permission of their parents or legal guardians. If we are made aware that we may have received personal data from or about a child in respect of whom we are not permitted to process personal data under applicable law, we will use reasonable efforts to investigate and remove that data from our records as soon as practicable. If you have a reason to believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the permitted age in the relevant location, please contact us at privacy@mediamath.com. Links, other websites and other third parties This Policy relates solely to the personal data we collect and process about you in relation to our Platform, our Website, and other interactions you may have with MediaMath that are described in this Policy. MediaMath’s Website contains links to other sites, and the ads delivered by the Platform may run on a variety of other sites. Clicking on those links, accessing other sites, or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. MediaMath does not control these third-party sites and is not responsible for the privacy practices of such sites. You should refer to the privacy statements of such third-party sites to find out how they collect and use your personal data. Also, as explained below in Section 5 , third parties may process personal data from you when you visit the Website. Such processing is governed by the privacy statements of such third parties. 2. The personal data we collect via the Platform MediaMath collects certain personal data while delivering ads via the Platform. We do not intentionally collect directly identifiable data such as your name, home address, phone number, or any government identifiers such as your Social Security Number unless you provide such personal data in connection with any request that you make directly to MediaMath. MediaMath identifies you by means of personal data related to your computer or device using cookies and other similar technologies, as explained below. We assign a unique identifier called a “ MediaMath ID ” to your browser, to your devices (such as your mobile device, connected television, or over-the-top television devices (“ OTT TV Device “)), or to other screens through which we serve an ad to you on behalf of our advertiser clients. We also assign a MediaMath ID when you access an advertiser client’s digital properties such as their websites, emails, or apps (“ Digital Properties “). The MediaMath ID enables the Platform to determine within a reasonable level of confidence that a browser or device is the same one with which the Platform has previously interacted. In some cases, based on data we receive from our advertiser clients or data partners (e.g. audience partners from whom we receive Third Party Segment Data as defined below), we infer within a reasonable probability that another browser or device should be associated with the same MediaMath ID. Where we are able to associate more than one browser or device with the same MediaMath ID, we use this information on behalf of our advertiser clients to deliver targeted ads to you across multiple browsers or devices (known as “ Cross-Device Advertising “). The MediaMath ID can be a cookie ID (a unique ID assigned randomly by MediaMath to an unrecognized browser), a mobile advertising ID (a unique ID assigned by the mobile operating system, e.g., Apple ID for Advertising or Android Advertising ID), or an OTT TV Device Identifier for Advertising (a unique ID assigned by an OTT TV provider, e.g., Roku ID for Advertising). Your MediaMath ID is personal data and is associated with other categories of personal data that we collect about you including the following: Bid Request Data and Impression Data : MediaMath receives personal data about you when we have the opportunity to show you an ad on Digital Properties, (“ Bid Request Data “). We collect additional data when we deliver an ad on behalf of our advertiser clients (“ Impression Data “). Bid Request Data includes your Internet Protocol (“ IP ”) address, imprecise location (e.g., country, region, postal or zip code), browser type (e.g., Chrome or Internet Explorer); operating system (e.g., Mac OS or Windows); browser language (e.g., English or Spanish); and Internet Service Provider. It also may include IDs that our partners assign to your browser or device, including Google advertising identifiers associated with your browser or device and used by MediaMath as part of its syncing processes. See Google’s Privacy Policy to learn more about its use of the personal data which it receives from partner sites and your ability to control the information which Google collects on these sites.Impression Data includes elements from (and derived from) Bid Request Data, campaign information and bidding information (e.g., site category, number of pages browsed, click event, Application ID, video metrics, page URL, connected device ID, timestamp and connection speed). The sources of Bid Request Data and Impression Data are your browser or device and media supply sources, such as publishers (i.e. organizations who operate Digital Properties) and exchanges or supply-side platforms (i.e. organizations who display ads on publishers’ Digital Properties). Pixel Data and Other Client Data: MediaMath advertiser clients import personal data to the Platform regarding your interactions with them via their Digital Properties. This data falls into two main categories: Pixel Data and Other Client Data. Pixel Data is collected by the use of MediaMath and/or third party pixels (described below). Pixel Data includes the time you visited the site, the page URL, your IP address, your browser type (e.g., Chrome or Internet Explorer), the operating system (e.g., Mac OS or Windows), the type of device you used (e.g. laptop or desktop), and data regarding your activities on the Digital Properties. For example, if you are shopping on an advertiser client’s website for a product, and you place a product in your online shopping cart, or make an online purchase, the advertiser client can import that data to the Platform . MediaMath uses this personal data later to help the advertiser client show you an ad on a different website or app. MediaMath advertiser clients may use the Platform to collect personal data in a form that does not reveal your direct identity, such as “hashed” email addresses that cannot be read in their directly identifiable form (i.e. each email address is converted to a code that is unique to that email address). Other Client Data is personal data that advertiser clients obtain outside of the Platform and import into the Platform. This includes “Segments” that advertiser clients create or obtain independently from third-party sources. A Segment is a grouping of individuals who share one or more attributes (e.g., “car enthusiast”). Individuals are identified in these Segments by online identifiers and not by names or anything that reveals their names. Other Client Data also includes personal data that advertiser clients collect or independently obtain offline, such as purchases made in the advertiser client’s store. Before advertiser clients transmit this offline data to MediaMath, names and other directly identifying information are removed and replaced with a MediaMath ID. Third-Party Segment Data and Other Third-Party Data: Third Party Segment Data is personal data we receive from third party audience partners who create and provide us with Segments for us and our advertiser clients to use for advertising purposes. These Third- Party Segments are similar to the Segments described above. Other Third Party Data we receive includes personal data from third-party partners that allows them and/or us to associate or match the MediaMath ID with those partners’ identifiers (through a process called “ Cookie Syncing ”), personal data that associates your different devices with each other, and personal data regarding video content that you view on television or through OTT TV Device. Identity Codes : We may use an online identification code, generated by one of our first party identity partners, for the purpose of delivering an ad to your device. This code does not contain any of your identifiable personal data and cannot be used to re-identify you. We use this code to enable our delivery and management of targeted advertising throughout your online experience (e.g. web, email, connected devices, and in-app, etc), as well as for data linking and the measurement of ad performance. You have the right to express a choice regarding the use of your data for these purposes. For more information about our identity partner LiveRamp and to opt out of the use of your data used for identity code known as RampID, visit https://liveramp.com/opt_out/ . To opt out of the use of your data used for identity code known as UID2.0, please visit https://transparentadvertising.org/ Special or Sensitive Categories of Personal Data: We do not knowingly collect any special categories of personal data about individuals in the EEA, the UK, or applicable US States of California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut and Utah (“Applicable US States”) including: personal data revealing your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership; personal data concerning your mental or physical health condition or diagnosis, sex life, or sexual orientation; processing of genetic or biometric data; citizenship or immigration status and precise geolocation data or contents of mail, email or text messages, unless MediaMath is the intended recipient.MediaMath also does not knowingly collect any data about other sensitive categories such as personal data about financial account numbers, insurance plan numbers, and criminal convictions or offenses. Where NOT considered sensitive in accordance with applicable law outside the EEA, the UK, and Applicable US States we use personal data to create Segments for our clients to use in the following ways: Our advertiser clients may use health-related Segments about non-sensitive conditions such as an inferred interest in health and wellness or cough medicine and allergy medications. Click here for a list of the standard health-related Segments and a sample of custom health segments provided for use by clients in our Platform.Our advertiser clients may use Segments based on political information or interests. Click here for a list of the standard political interest Segments and a sample of custom political Segments provided for use by advertiser clients in our Platform. When creating Segments MediaMath does not knowingly process personal data that would be considered sensitive under applicable law (for example, we do not create Segments of users based on personal data considered to be sensitive under applicable laws, such as personal data revealing your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, personal data concerning your mental or physical health, sex life or sexual orientation, or genetic or biometric data, citizenship or immigration status and precise geolocation data). MediaMath may process Segments based on demographic information such as race, gender and income range where such is information is not considered sensitive pursuant to applicable law. We take steps designed to ensure that this is done in compliance with applicable laws and self-regulatory guidelines, including through our contracts and policies with our advertiser clients and partners. Our advertiser clients are responsible for this processing, and you should direct any queries you have about this use of Segments to them. Categories of information collected pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) : For the purposes of the CCPA, the above-described personal information collected can be classified as follows: Identifiers (such as an online identifier or an Internet Protocol (IP) address);Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as the browsing history, search history, and information regarding to interaction with the Website or with advertiser clients’ Digital Properties);Geolocation data inferences (excluding precise geolocation data);contents of mail, email or text messages, solely where MediaMath is the intended recipient Categories of information collected pursuant to the Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut and Utah applicable State Privacy Laws : For the purposes of the applicable State Privacy Laws, the above-described personal information collected can be classified as follows: Identifiers (such as an online identifier or an Internet Protocol (IP) address);Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as the browsing history, search history, and information regarding to interaction with the Website or with advertiser clients’ Digital Properties);Geolocation data inferences (excluding precise geolocation data). 3. How we collect personal data into the Platform We use various technologies to collect your personal data into the Platform. Like most digital marketing platforms, MediaMath collects personal data using cookies and other technologies that recognize browsers and devices. We use these technologies to collect the categories of personal data described above in Section 2 . The technologies we use include: Cookies – Cookies are small text files. MediaMath uses cookies to uniquely identify an Internet browser. Certain browsers or browser settings sometimes block cookies or prevent them from working effectively. Pixels – Pixels are transparent images, iFrames, JavaScript or mobile SDKs that we, our advertiser clients, and our partners use to understand how users interact with their Digital Properties. We collect personal data into the Platform through other methods as well. The Platform contains Pixel Data, Other Client Data, Third-Party Segment Data, and Other Third Party Data that we receive through server- to-server transfers, Cookie Syncing (defined in Section 2 ) and other advertiser client and partner calls to MediaMath originating from the browser. 4. How we use personal data in the Platform We use personal data in the Platform for the commercial purposes of delivering targeted ads to you on behalf of our advertiser clients. We use personal data for our business purposes to improve our Platform, our products and our services that we provide to our advertiser clients and partners, as well as to create new products and services.Below, we have set out a description of specific ways we use various combinations of your personal data in the Platform to fulfil our commercial interests to serve our advertiser clients, as well as to improve our products. Purpose/Activity Personal Data Type Enabling MediaMath advertiser clients to create marketing campaigns;Creating Segments;Facilitating MediaMath advertiser clients’ creation of segments;Making decisions related to the opportunity to display an ad (e.g., deciding which advertiser clients’ campaigns are a good match for a bid opportunity and what price to bid in each case) and placing the bid on behalf of our advertiser clients;Setting, reading and modifying a MediaMath cookie or reading a mobile advertising identifier or OTT TV Device Identifier for Advertising; Collecting information about a browser or device;Facilitating our partners’ collection of personal data, including by placing partners’ pixels or tags on our advertiser clients’ Digital Properties;Delivering ads, including ads based on your inferred interests or activities on Digital Properties;Measuring the effectiveness of those ads and attributing your activities to our advertiser clients’ campaigns;Generating and providing to advertiser clients reports and user-level data related to their advertising campaigns in the Platform; Automated decision- making and profiling based on personal preferences, interests, behavior, or location;Transferring data to a third party where advertiser clients have elected to use its services or where MediaMath has engaged a subcontractor to provide certain functionality or capabilities as a part of the Platform or to improve our Platform and the products and services that we provide to our advertiser clients and partners; andFraud detection and prevention. MediaMath ID Inserted Cells Bid Request and Impression DataPixel Data and Other Client DataThird-Party Segment Data and Other Third-Party Data Synchronizing MediaMath cookie ID with third- party partners (Cookie Syncing). MediaMath IDImpression DataPixel DataOther Third-Party Data Associating multiple browsers and devices with each other;Development, maintenance, and commercialization of MediaMath’s cross- device graph that associates your different devices with each other; Append audience membership to Client’s advertiser client’s first-party data. MediaMath IDImpression DataThird-Party Segment Data and Other Third-Party DataPixel Data and Other Client Data Mapping data pixels to third-party segments. MediaMath IDPixel Data and Other Client DataThird-Party Segment Data and Other Third- Party Data Honoring opt-out requests for users who have opted out. MediaMath ID Enabling hyperlocal targeting of devices within a defined location. Bid Request Data Reports We also publish or otherwise make public anonymous, aggregate, or summary information regarding campaigns run in the Platform on behalf of our advertiser clients. For example, we may publish a report that reflects aggregated statistics regarding seasonal trends in shopping patterns or geographic differences in advertising impression opportunities. These reports do not contain personal data. Automated decision-making and profiling Our Platform uses proprietary algorithms to make automated decisions about whether or not to bid on opportunities to serve you ads on behalf of our advertiser clients and, if so, how much to bid. The ads you see are the result of advertiser client campaigns that specify how much to spend and on what basis to spend combined with the use of our algorithms. The ways in which we use algorithms to determine bid prices may be considered automated decision-making in certain jurisdictions. Additionally, these processes, in combination with advertiser client campaigns described below, may constitute profiling in certain jurisdictions. These automated decisions use the MediaMath ID we assign to your browser or device. Using proprietary technology, we associate data that we collect from third parties with this MediaMath ID. We create Segments using inferred details about certain of your preferences, behaviors, and demographic information, and use those Segments to serve ads on behalf of our advertiser clients. For example, if you are browsing a shoe retailer’s website on your mobile device, we may infer that you are interested in buying sneakers and associate that mobile device with a sneaker-buyer Segment. If an advertiser client subsequently wants to advertise sneakers, the advertiser client may choose to target that Segment across your devices. If MediaMath then receives an opportunity to show you an ad, provided by an advertiser client, on your computer browser, which computer browser has been associated with your mobile device by our algorithm, MediaMath’s bidding technology will automatically decide whether to bid and if so what price to bid on behalf of our advertiser clients, based on the data and algorithms outlined above.Legal basis for processing (EEA and UK) Our legal basis under the General Data Protection Regulation (“ GDPR “) for processing the personal data in the Platform depends on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we process it. However, we will normally collect personal data about you only where we have your consent or the processing is in our (or a third party’s, such as our advertiser clients’) legitimate interests and not overridden by your fundamental rights and freedoms. If we collect and use your personal data in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), this interest will normally be to deliver you with ads through our technology (where we do not rely on your consent for such purposes), to measure ad performance, to develop and improve our products, to ensure appropriate security and to prevent and detect fraud in connection with our services. We may have other legitimate interests and, if appropriate, we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are. If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal data, please contact us using the contact details provided in Section 12 below. California Residents: CCPA sale/share of personal information For the purposes of the CCPA, MediaMath may disclose all of the categories of personal information collected on the Platform to the categories of third parties as described in Section 7 below, for purposes that may be considered a “sale” and/or “share” under the CCPA as amended by CPRA. We do not sell or share the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without affirmative authorization. Do Not Sell/Share My Personal Information : If you are a California resident and want to exercise your right to opt out of the sale/share of your personal information, please see complete the Access Request Form available. If you opt out of the sale/share of your personal information, MediaMath may still process your personal data to show you ads that are not personalized or otherwise provide certain services to advertiser clients that do not involve the sale or sharing of personal information under the CCPA. You can also opt out of the sale/share of your personal information here https://www.mediamath.com/privacy-policy/ccpa-optout/ Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) for California Residents : GPC is a technical specification for transmitting universal opt-out signals, also sometimes referred to as a universal opt-out mechanism, designed to allow you to notify businesses of your privacy preferences, such as whether or not you want your personal information to be sold or shared. It consists of a setting or extension in your browser or mobile device and acts as a mechanism that websites can use to indicate they support the specification. We are aware that various parties are developing GPCsignals, and we recognize such GPC signals in accordance with the requirements of the CCPA. GPC is a feature that you can enable on a number of internet browsers, including Mozilla Firefox, DuckDuckGo and Brave, or download as a browser extension. For information on how to enable GPC see https://globalprivacycontrol.org/faq Do Not Track Signals : Some web browsers have options that may be characterized as “do not track” settings, which may or may not affect your settings related to our Website. We do NOT understand them to operate in that manner or to signify a “do not sell/share” request made by a consumer under the CCPA. Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut and Utah Residents (State residents excluding California) : If you are a state resident and want to exercise your right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising, please see the Op-out and choice mechanisms below. If you opt out of the processing of your personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising, MediaMath may still process your personal data to show you ads that are not personalized or otherwise provide certain services to advertiser clients that do not involve the processing of your personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising under the applicable privacy laws for state residents excluding California. Opt-out and choice mechanisms You may opt out from targeted advertising at any time through one of the ways described below. If you opt out of targeted advertising, you will still see ads, but those ads are less likely to have anything to do with products or services you care about. With targeted advertising, you receive ads and offers that are more likely to be useful to you. Your opt-out is only applicable to the Platform and does not opt you out from platforms provided by third-party companies. However, you can opt out from both MediaMath and many third-party companies at once; to do so, please see “Other ways to opt out of targeted advertising” below.When you opt out, MediaMath will collect data from your browser, app, or device only as needed to honor your opt-out and for limited research and development purposes to improve our browser- and device-recognition technology, which also helps to improve our ability to honor your opt-out. When you opt out, MediaMath also stops sending targeted advertising to the opted-out browser, app, or device. If you use multiple browsers or devices and wish to limit the data that MediaMath collects and do not wish to receive MediaMath targeted advertising on any of them, you must opt out from each browser and device individually, including when you enable GPC, which must be enabled from each browser and device individually. Opt out of targeted advertising in a browser You may opt out if you are using a browser by clicking the “ Click here to opt out ” link below. Please note that if cookies are not enabled in your browser, including if third-party cookies are disabled, or if you use certain ad-blocking tools, our opt-out mechanism may not work properly. Please also note that deleting your cookies does not opt you out. If you clear your cookies, or if you use a different browser or device, you will need to renew your opt-out choice . Opt this browser out of targeted advertising (if using a browser) Your current opt-out status with MediaMath in this web browser is: Opt out of targeted advertising in the mobile application environment You may opt out in mobile app environments using the “AppChoices” mobile application, where applicable, which you can download to your mobile device from your App Store or via the DAA AppChoices page here . Other ways to opt out of targeted advertising You may learn more about targeted advertising and opt out of targeted advertising from MediaMath and other online advertising companies that are also members of applicable self-regulatory organizations by visiting their opt-out links: NAI (browser) – http://optout.networkadvertising.org/ DAA (browser) – http://optout.aboutads.info/ DAA Canada (browser) – http://youradchoices.ca/choices EDAA (browser) – http://www.youronlinechoices.com/ DAA AppChoices page (mobile) – http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices Other ways to limit ad tracking in the mobile and OTT TV device application environment You also may limit ad tracking in mobile app environments on your mobile device as well as on your OTT TV Device. For the most effective and up-to-date methods for doing so, you should consult instructions provided by those device manufacturers. The NAI provides additional information regarding opting out on mobile available here and TV streaming devices available here . Where MediaMath receives a signal to limit ad tracking, we will collect data from your device only as needed to honor your choice and for limited research and development purposes to improve our device-recognition technology, which also helps to improve our ability to honor your choice. Where MediaMath receives a signal to limit ad tracking, MediaMath also will not serve targeted advertising in the apps on your mobile device or OTT TV Device. 5. The personal data we collect via the Website or offline If you visit our Website or certain third-party marketing applications used by MediaMath or if you interact with MediaMath in other ways described below, MediaMath collects certain personal data from you. This will include personal data you choose to provide to us, and personal data we automatically collect. Third parties may collect personal data from you if you use certain features on the Website. Personal data you provide When you visit the Website, you may choose to provide certain personal data to set up an account, request information such as a demonstration of our products, or send us questions. You also may choose to provide us with your personal data through sources other than the Website, including, for example when you register for or attend an event hosted by MediaMath. The personal data may include your name, email address, company, title, region, and information about your business such as industry, size, revenue, and address. You have the ability to provide additional information at your discretion. You provide us with personal data when you participate in the publicly accessible blogs on our Website. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. We do NOT link the personal data described in this section with personal data that we may have about you in the Platform. Personal data we collect automatically We automatically collect personal data in the form of certain technical information from you when you visit the Website, such as IP address, browser type, Internet Service Provider, referring and exit pages, operating system, date and time stamp, and/or clickstream data.This information is obtained automatically using various technologies including cookies and pixels, and includes the types of personal data described above as Pixel Data. Our partners and subcontractors may also collect personal data, may sync with additional third parties, and may allow third parties with whom they partner to set cookies on the Website. Please note, MediaMath only has control over these partners’ and subcontractors’ use of cookie and Pixel Data to the extent that it allows the cookies and pixels to be set on the Website (which may result in personal data being transmitted to these parties). However, you should refer to the privacy statements of such parties to find out more about their processing of personal data , how they use cookies and how they interact with other third parties. For further information on the cookies and pixels we use on the Website, including a list of the partners and subcontractors described above, and how you can opt out, please see our Cookie Notice . Social media features and widgets The Website includes social media features that allow you to share news, events, and blog posts from the Website on platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn or by email. If you interact with these features, doing so will result in certain personal data being provided to the relevant third party such as IP address and your browser’s technical information, as well as the URL of the content which you are seeking to share. These social media features are hosted by the third parties providing them, and your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the company providing them, which you should read and ensure you understand. Testimonials We may display testimonials from satisfied clients on the Website in addition to other endorsements. We will obtain our client’s permission before we place these testimonials on the Website. If you are a client who wishes to update or delete your testimonial, please contact us at privacy@mediamath.com . Job Applicants / Employees/Independent Contractors As part of the job application process, we may collect your contact information as well as certain other information about you which may include race, ethnicity, previous employment and education history, references, information relating to disabilities, physical or mental health information, sexual orientation, veteran status, trade union membership, immigration or naturalization records, information relating to your criminal record and background check, interview notes, test scores, and any correspondence between us. If you accept a position with us, we may collect some of the information listed above as well as other information necessary to manage your employment relationship, including your government identification number or tax file number and bank account information. Legal basis for processing Our legal basis under the GDPR for processing the personal data described in this Section 5 depends on the personal data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect your personal data only where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your fundamental rights and freedoms, or where we have your consent to do so. If we collect and use your personal data in reliance on our legitimate interests, this interest will normally be to operate the Website, to communicate with you, to send you marketing communications (unless we are required to obtain your permission in accordance with applicable law), to show you basic or contextual ads on Digital Properties. (where we do not rely on your consent for such purposes) and in general to promote MediaMath goods and services. We may have other legitimate interests and, if appropriate, we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are. Our legal basis for processing Pixel Data is as described in Section 4 . In some cases, we also may have a legal obligation to collect personal data from you. If we ask you to provide personal data to comply with a legal requirement, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal data). Where we are required by applicable law to obtain your consent, for instance (in some cases) in order to send you marketing communications, we will do so. In such cases the legal basis for our processing of personal data will be your consent. If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal data, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “ How to contact us ” heading above. 6.How we use personal data collected via our Website or offline Personal data you provide When you provide your personal data to MediaMath on the Website or through other means described in this section, we use the data for the following business and commercial purposes: To respond to your inquiry;To understand your business and offer you potential business opportunities;To know or infer your interest in marketing products and services;To enrich certain personal data you provide, for example your company information with information obtained from third parties;To segment (group) you with similar individuals;To provide you with information and offers about MediaMath products and services, information resources (e.g. whitepapers, reports and webinars), industry news and opinions, and announcements about MediaMath; To inform you about and invite you to events, educational opportunities, or training opportunities;To ask you to share MediaMath information, offers, and invitations with other people;To attribute your responses or actions to specific marketing campaigns, activities, and channels;To troubleshoot and for security purposes You may choose to stop receiving marketing communications at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions included in any marketing communications we send you or by completing an opt out request using the form available. Personal data we collect automatically We use the Pixel Data that we collect from you on the Website for the purposes described in Section 4 as well as to determine how you found out about us, what your interests are regarding our services, how to further improve the functionality of the Website and our service towards you, and to analyze trends and administer the Website. For example, we may use Pixel Data that we collect from you on the Website to deliver ads to you when you visit other Digital Properties, and we may collect additional personal data from you on those Digital Properties, such as Bid Request Data or Impression Data. For further information on the cookies and pixels we use on the Website and how you can opt out, please see our Cookie Notice . 7. Our disclosure of personal data from the Platform or Website We disclose the following categories of personal data to the following categories of third parties for the business and commercial purposes set out above in Section 4 and Section 6 : To our affiliates in connection with our business operations that are based in our regional offices in the UK, Spain, France, Germany, Singapore, Brazil, Japan, Mexico and Australia: MediaMath ID;Pixel Data and Other Client Data;Bid Request and Impression Data; andThird-Party Segment Data and Other Third-Party Data. To our clients and resellers in connection with providing them with our digital advertising media and data management services and products: MediaMath ID;Pixel Data and Other Client Data;Bid Request and Impression Data; andThird-Party Segment Data and Other Third-Party Data. At our clients’ direction, we disclose client Pixel Data and Other Client Data to the third parties that they designate.To our audience partners in connection with creating custom advertiser client Segments based on advertiser client-supplied seed data (i.e. data about the advertiser client’s existing customers) or other data: MediaMath ID;Pixel Data and Other Client Data;Third-Party Segments; andImpression Data. To a limited number of audience partners in connection with audience creation or modelling: Bid Request Data To our Cookie Sync partners in connection with synchronizing MediaMath cookie IDs with third-party partners’ IDs: MediaMath IDs;Pixel Data;Impression Data; andOther Third-Party Data (specifically third-party IDs), To a number of parties (referred to in this Policy as subcontractors) that help us provide the services requested by our clients.These subcontractors provide the following services: measurement;viewability;location-based attribution and location-based targeting providers;dynamic creative optimization; attribution;fraud detection and prevention;providing mechanisms to honor user choices;infrastructure;storage;computing delivering content; and analyzing supply inventory and reporting; operation of our Website, including services provided in connection with the Website including email services, event management, maintenance of our marketing database, web analytics, recruitment, management of marketing and customer relationship and social media. We disclose personal data to third parties such as competent law enforcement bodies, regulatory authorities, government agency, court, advisor or other such third parties, where we consider this to be necessary or where we are under a duty to do so: (i) to establish or protect the legal rights of MediaMath or its employees, agents and contractors, as well as the legal rights of its advertiser clients, partners or other third parties; (ii) to protect the safety and security of users and visitors to our Website; to protect against fraud; or (iii) to comply with the law or legal process. We disclose personal data to an actual or potential buyer (and its agents and advisors) in connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of all or any part of MediaMath’s business. 8. International transfers of personal data The personal data that we collect from you and about you may be transferred to and stored in a country other than your country of residence, such as the United States, which may not offer the same level of protection of personal data as your country of residence. However, we will take contractual and/or other measures to ensure your personal data is protected. For individuals in the EEA, UK and Switzerland MediaMath has its headquarters in the United States and many of our partners or vendors are based outside of the EEA, UK and Switzerland. Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, UK and/or Switzerland, we ensure that it receives a similar degree of protection by entering into the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission (and/or the applicable UK and/or Swiss authority) with our group companies and applicable partners or vendors. EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Notwithstanding the invalidation of the Privacy Shield Frameworks as mechanisms for the lawful transfer of data out of the EU and Switzerland (as applicable), MediaMath, Inc., in addition to entering into the Standard Contractual Clauses referred to above, continues to comply with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss–U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data transferred from the EU, the United Kingdom and Switzerland to the United States, respectively. MediaMath, Inc. has certified to the Department of Commerce that for all personal data it receives from the EU, the United Kingdom and Switzerland, it will adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfers, Security, Data Integrity & Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To find out more about the Privacy Shield, access the Privacy Shield List, and find details of our certification, please visit: https://www.privacyshield.gov/list . Under the Privacy Shield, MediaMath, Inc. may remain liable if its subcontractors process your personal data in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. Individuals in the EU, UK or Switzerland who believe that their personal data has not been processed in compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles may raise their complaint in the following ways: You can contact MediaMath, Inc. directly using the details in the “ How to contact us ” section above. We will respond to your complaint within 45 days of receipt.We have further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield via the Better Business Bureau (“ BBB ”), an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive a timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed by us, please https://www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers/ for more information and to file a complaint directly with the BBB. Further, your complaint can be made or referred to the U.S.Department of Commerce or the Federal Trade Commission for further investigation.For residual disputes that cannot be resolved by the methods above, you may be able to invoke a binding arbitration process under certain conditions. To find out more about the Privacy Shield’s binding arbitration scheme, please see: https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction . The Federal Trade Commission has investigation and enforcement authority over our compliance with the Privacy Shield. 9. Personal data security and integrity MediaMath implements appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard personal data in our possession against being accidentally lost, used, or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered, or disclosed. No transmission of data over the Internet, however, is guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under the control of MediaMath to intercept or access transmissions or communications unlawfully. While we strive to protect your personal data, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any data you transmit to us or that we collect about you. We have procedures in place to address any suspected personal data breach, and if we are required by law, we will notify you of any such breach. MediaMath processes information in a way that is compatible with and relevant for the purpose for which it was collected. To the extent necessary for those purposes, we take reasonable steps to ensure that any information in our care is accurate, complete, current, and reliable for its intended use. If you have any questions about security on the Website or through the Platform, you can contact us at privacy@mediamath.com . 10. Personal data retention Retention of data collected on the platform As described above, we process your personal data for different purposes, and the length of time that we retain your personal data varies depending on the processing purpose, the category of personal data and certain external factors. We will retain the MediaMath ID and, where applicable, its association with other devices for no longer than thirteen months from the last time we encountered that MediaMath ID on your browser or device. We will retain all other categories of personal data that we collect or receive on the Platform, including Bid Request Data and Impression Data, Pixel Data and Other Client Data, and Third-Party Segment Data and Other Third-Party Data, for no longer than thirteen months. We retain much of this personal data for shorter periods of time. Furthermore, we may delete personal data in response to a request from a user under applicable law, when requested to do so by our clients or when contracts with our clients end. Also, most cookies set via the Platform expire within thirteen months, while certain cookies that are not used for tracking are refreshed for as long as such cookies are necessary for our legitimate business purposes (subject to obtaining any necessary consents). Retention of data collected on the Website and for marketing If you provide us with your personal data on our Website or through other means described above in Section 5 , we will retain your information for as long as it is necessary for our legitimate business purposes. For example, if you sign up for an account or request information on the Website, we will retain the data you provide for as long as we think you may have an interest in receiving information from us. Similarly, we retain log files for as long as it is necessary for our legitimate business purposes. We retain the Pixel Data that we collect as described above in the section “Retention of data collected on the Platform”. 11. Your rights MediaMath acknowledges that in some circumstances, you have certain rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. Depending on where you are located, which MediaMath entity is the data controller of your data, and where you reside, these may include the right to access your personal data, correct certain personal data, erase your personal data, object to certain processing of your personal data, withdraw your consent to any processing of your personal data carried out on the basis of consent, restrict certain processing of your personal data, receive personal data in portable format, and not be subject to decisions based solely on automated processing that have legal or similarly significant effects.To the extent required and permitted by applicable law, we will provide you with the right to and we will honor (1) Access : access to the personal data we hold about you and also allow you to, (2) Correct : correct inaccurate information in certain situations (e.g., if you submit your email address on the Website), (3) Withdrawal : the withdrawal of your consent to any processing of your personal data carried out on the basis of consent, (4) Deletion : delete your personal data, (5) Object : your objection to processing, (6) Restrict : restrict certain processing of your personal data, or (7) Portability : port your personal data and (8) Automated Processing : ensure that you are not subject to decisions based solely on automated processing that have legal or similarly significant effects. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please complete the Access Request form available. You can also find information regarding our metrics for CCPA rights compliance in the last 12 months here . CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS California residents have the following CCPA rights, which can be exercised as follows: Right to know about your personal information which we collect, use, disclose, sell and/or share for the 12-month period prior to the request date. You may ask for information about: the categories of personal information we have collected about you in the prior 12 months,the categories of sources from which your personal information has been collected in the prior 12 months,the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling or sharing your personal information in the prior 12 months,the categories of third parties with whom we share or to whom we have shared or sold your personal information in the prior 12 monthsthe categories of personal information that have been provided to such third parties in the prior 12 months. You may also ask us for a copy of the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you in the prior 12 months in a machine-readable format. Complete the Access Request form availableCall us toll-free at 1-844-966-4636 Right to request deletion of the personal information which we have collected from you, except to the extent we have a basis for retention under the CCPA, Complete the Access Request form availableCall us toll-free at 1-844-966-4636 Right to opt out of the sale and/or sharing of your personal information Complete the Access Request form availableCall us toll-free at 1-844-966-4636 Right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercise of CCPA rights MediaMath does not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise your CCPA rights. Verify Your Identity : In order to process your request, we may verify your identity by collecting information from your device (where you submit your request online). You may need to provide additional information about your device to allow us to confirm your identity and the type of personal information we may hold about you. Our Access Request form available has step by step guidance as to how you can make your request, and the information we are required to seek from you. Authorized Agent : You can designate an authorized agent to submit a request to exercise your above rights by providing such agent with a power of attorney in accordance with California law. If you submit your request through an authorized agent, we may ask for verification that you have authorized the agent to act on your behalf. The information that we may ask to verify your identity (and the identity of the authorized agent) will depend on your prior interactions with us and the sensitivity of the personal information at issue. We do this as a security precaution and to ensure that we do not disclose personal data to or delete the personal data of the wrong person. California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (“ Shine the Light “) permits California customers to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please contact us using the contact details provided below. Please note that “Shine the Light” rights and CCPA rights are established under different legal regimes and must be exercised separately. VIRGINIA, COLORADO, CONNECTICUT AND UTAH PRIVACY RIGHTS The above state residents, excluding California, have the following privacy rights, which can be exercised as follows: Right to know about your personal information which we collect, use, disclose, sell and/or share for the 12-month period prior to the request date.You may ask for information about: the categories of personal information we have collected about you in the prior 12 months,the categories of sources from which your personal information has been collected in the prior 12 months,the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling or sharing your personal information in the prior 12 months,the categories of third parties with whom we share or to whom we have shared or sold your personal information in the prior 12 monthsthe categories of personal information that have been provided to such third parties in the prior 12 months. You may also ask us for a copy of the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you in the prior 12 months in a machine-readable format. Complete the Access Request form available Right to request deletion of the personal information which we have collected from you, except to the extent we have a basis for retention under the VCDPA, Complete the Access Request form available Right to opt out of the sale of your personal information Complete the Access Request form available Right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercise of VCDPA rights MediaMath does not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise your VCDPA rights. Verify Your Identity : In order to process your request, we may verify your identity by collecting information from your device (where you submit your request online). You may need to provide additional information about your device to allow us to confirm your identity and the type of personal information we may hold about you. Our Access Request form available has step by step guidance as to how you can make your request, and the information we are required to seek from you. Authorized Agent : You can designate an authorized agent to submit a request to exercise your above rights by providing such agent with a power of attorney in accordance with applicable state privacy laws. If you submit your request through an authorized agent, we may ask for verification that you have authorized the agent to act on your behalf. The information that we may ask to verify your identity (and the identity of the authorized agent) will depend on your prior interactions with us and the sensitivity of the personal information at issue. We do this as a security precaution and to ensure that we do not disclose personal data to or delete the personal data of the wrong person. Right Of Appeal : You have the right to lodge an appeal against our decision with respect to any complaints you have regarding our processing of your personal data. You can lodge an appeal to the Chief Privacy Officer, via the contact set out in section 12 below. 12. How to contact us If you have any questions about this Policy, including any request to exercise your legal rights, and/or you have a disability which prevents you from electronically accessing this Policy and require it to be provided in alternative format, please contact us as follows. If you are located in the United States or any other country outside of the EEA or UK: By email to privacy@mediamath.com By post to MediaMath, Inc., Attn: Chief Privacy Officer, 4 World Trade Center, 46th Floor, New York, NY 10007. If you are a California resident inquiring about the CCPA, you can also call our CCPA Helpline, toll free at 1-844-966-4636. If you are located in the EEA or the UK, you can contact our data protection officer who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this Policy: By email to privacy@mediamath.com By post to MediaMath UK Ltd, Attn: Data Protection Officer (DPO), 230 Blackfriars Road, London, SE1 8NW If you would like to exercise any of your rights in respect to your personal data, please submit a request using the Access Request form available. We will guide you through that process. You have the right to lodge any complaints you have regarding our processing of your personal data with a regulatory authority. We care about your privacy, and we appreciate the chance to address your concerns before you do so. © MediaMath 2023 - Built in NYC EnglishWhat is the Global Privacy Control (GPC)? Global Privacy Control (GPC) is a proposed specification designed to allow Internet users to notify businesses of their privacy preferences, such as whether or not they want their personal information to be sold or shared. It consists of a setting or extension in the user’s browser or mobile device and acts as a mechanism that websites can use to indicate they support the specification. Who is supporting the development of GPC? GPC is being developed by a broad coalition of stakeholders: technologists, web publishers, technology companies, browser vendors, extension developers, academics, and civil rights organizations. I’m a web user. How can I use GPC to signal my privacy preferences to websites? GPC is available for an increasing number of browsers and browser extensions, listed here . If you want to use GPC, you can download and enable it via a participating browser or browser extension. More information about downloading GPC is available here . I’m a publisher, developer, or other service. How can I support GPC? The GPC spec is easy to implement on a wide variety of websites and other services. The proposed specification and back-end implementation reference documentation are available here . For additional information, please feel free to reach out on Github or Twitter ( @globablprivctrl ). I’m a policymaker. How can I support GPC or learn more about how it could apply in my jurisdiction? As it is intended to invoke users’ privacy rights, we encourage policymakers from around the world to engage in the development of this specification. If you would like to learn more about how GPC could work in your jurisdiction, please contact us via email at info[at]globalprivacycontrol.org . How can I get involved in developing the proposed specification? GPC was initially introduced at the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C) Privacy Community Group (Privacy CG) in April 2020. A number of stakeholders are part of that community. There are ongoing discussions in the Privacy CG. Interested parties are encouraged to engage with the proposal here . Additionally, GPC is currently being implemented across the web. A number of browsers, extensions, and publishers are supporting or implementing GPC (see below). How does GPC benefit consumers, publishers, software makers, and advertisers? The online advertising ecosystem is evolving, and consumer expectations are changing. An increasing number of web users do not want to be tracked by parties they aren’t choosing to interact with, and new laws, technological changes, and advertising business models reflect these preferences. GPC provides consumers and businesses with clear expectations and guidelines for the sharing and sale of data online. It permits users to easily and clearly exercise their privacy rights, facilitates greater trust between businesses and their customers, and fosters certainty for businesses and advertisers by relying on an open standard. Is GPC legally binding? GPC is intended to serve as an expression of users’ intent to invoke their online privacy rights. Depending on the jurisdiction and applicable laws, a user’s expression through GPC may have legal impact. However, GPC on its own does not create any legally binding obligations. GPC may impact existing law in several ways: In California, Section 1798.135(c) of the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) gives users the right to opt out of the sale of their personal information. Furthermore, Section 999.315 of the CCPA Regulations requires businesses to honor these opt-out requests. The regulations specify that "[a] business shall provide two or more designated methods for submitting requests to opt-out […] [including] user-enabled global privacy controls, such as a browser plug-in or privacy setting, device setting, or other mechanism, that communicate or signal the consumer’s choice to opt-out of the sale of their personal information. […] User-enabled global privacy controls, such as a browser plug-in or privacy setting, device setting, or other mechanism, that communicate or signal the consumer’s choice to opt-out of the sale of their personal information shall be considered a request directly from the consumer, not through an authorized agent." On this basis, it is possible that the GPC may become a legally binding opt-out signal in California. In addition, the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) gives users the right to object to their personal data being processed. The GPC signal is intended to convey a general request that data controllers limit the sale or sharing of the user's personal data to other data controllers. It is possible that a GPC signal opting out of processing could create a legally binding obligation for data processors.In Bermuda, the Privacy Commissioner has indicated that he believes the GPC may be used to create a legally binding obligation on businesses under their laws, which provide users the right to “request an organisation to cease, or not begin, using his [or her] personal information […] for the purposes of advertising, marketing or public relations,” or “where the use of that personal information is causing or is likely to cause substantial damage or substantial distress to the individual or to another individual.” Additional information is available in the proposed specification . Why not just use Do Not Track (DNT)? Do Not Track was an effort preceding GPC to permit users to communicate their privacy preferences to websites they visit. Unfortunately, in the appendices to their Final Statement of Reasons, the California Attorney General (AG) determined that the AG could not require businesses to comply with DNT requests because the requests do not clearly convey users’ intent to opt out of the sale of their data. A more detailed discussion of the inadequacies of DNT is available as Appendix E of the AG’s Final Statement of Reasons. When considering whether DNT was sufficient under the CCPA, the AG specifically determined that a new type of privacy signal would benefit users and businesses and that its regulation is “intended to support innovation for privacy services that facilitate the exercise of consumer rights in furtherance of the CCPA.” GPC responds to this call for innovation by providing a mechanism for privacy signaling that is applicable to current laws, technologies, and business practices. The Attorney General has said that he believes GPC is “a technical standard that would make it easier for consumers to stop the sale of their personal information” and that he is “ heartened to see a wave of innovation in this space.” How does GPC interact with companies' existing Do Not Sell links? The California AG has determined that businesses must honor two methods of submitting opt-outs. GPC is meant to provide users with an additional option for objecting to the sale of their data, and it functions identically to clicking a “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link provided by a business. What if there is a conflict between a GPC signal and a user-selected privacy preference? Some jurisdictions allow businesses to sell user data when there is a conflict between global and site-specific preferences — for instance, if a user has provided specific permission to a website to sell their data. The CCPA Regulations §999.315(c)(2) state that when a GPC signal conflicts with the existing privacy settings a consumer has with the business, the business shall respect the GPC signal but may notify the consumer of the conflict and give the consumer an opportunity to confirm the business-specific privacy setting or participation in a financial incentive program. A conflict between GPC and site-specific privacy preferences may be resolved differently in other jurisdictions. Additionally, some implementations of GPC allow users to consent to the sale or sharing of their data on an individual basis. Can GPC be enabled by default? The GPC preference expression should accurately reflect the users’ privacy preferences. The threshold for obtaining user consent differs between jurisdictions. GPC strives to honor those differences while still providing users with choice about how businesses use their data. In some jurisdictions, the presence of GPC in a user’s browser may constitute an adequate signal to not sell their data, while regulations in another jurisdiction may require the user’s explicit consent in order to send a GPC signal. What constitutes a deliberate choice may differ between regional regulations. For example, regulations in one jurisdiction may consider the use of a privacy-focused browser to imply a GPC preference, such as under the CCPA Final Statement of Reasons - Appendix E #73 (" The consumer exercises their choice by affirmatively choosing the privacy control […] including when utilizing privacy-by-design products or services "), while regulations in another jurisdiction may require explicit consent from the user to send a GPC signal. Get Involved Contact us to learn more about supporting in your browser, app, or website. This site is hosted by GitHub and is subject to its Privacy Policy and Terms of Service . Content on this site is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International license. This license does not apply to any logos or marks on this site.Standard Health-Related Segments The topics listed in this document are the standard health-related segments that MediaMath's data partners make available through the MediaMath Platform. Please see MediaMath's Privacy Policy for more information. MediaMath does not collect data or create data segments that are based upon what we consider to be sensitive health data.Common Topics in Segments Acne Allergies Alternative medicine or wellness Antacids Antibiotics Antiseptics Back pain Beauty and beauty products Child and teen health Chiropractic Cholesterol management Cold, cough, sore throat, or sinus Dental Dermatology and skin care Diet and nutrition Drugstore or pharmacy shoppers Ear care and hearing Exercise and fitness First aid Flu Hair care Hair Removal Headache Health (general) health and fitness Health influencers Health-related insurance healthcare Healthcare facilities or services heartburn Herbal remedies High blood pressure Home medical care accessories Hygiene Indigestion or nausea Joint health Laxatives Massage or relaxation therapy Medication Medicine and medical products Men's Health Nail care Nursing or special care facilities Nutrition Pain relief and analgesics Pharmacy Physical therapy Pregnancy and new parents Self-improvement Senior Health Sinus Sleep issues and aids Smoking cessation Sore Throat Sun care or sun protection Supplements Toiletries and personal care Vision care Vitamins and supplements Weight control Wellness or wellbeing Women's Health Full List of Segments About to Buy / Drugstore & Pharmacy About to Buy / Drugstore & Pharmacy / Hair Care About to Buy / Drugstore & Pharmacy / Medicines & Prescriptions About to Buy / Food & Drink / Health Foods & Vitamins About to Buy / Food and Drink / Health Foods and Vitamins About to Buy / Interests / Electronic Smoking Vapor About to Buy / Interests / Fitness Equipment About to Buy / Interests / Fitness Subscriptions About to Buy / Interests / Health and Wellness Equipment Academic Major / Dental Hygiene Academic Major / Health Care Administration Academic Major / Medicine Academic Major / Nursing/Nurse Practitioner Academic Major / Nutrition Academic Major / Public Health Academic Major / Science (Health) Academic Major / Sports Medicine Acne ACR SmartTV / Commercial / Men's Health ACR SmartTV / Commercial / Weight Loss ACR SmartTV / Commercial / Women's Health Active Buyers / Health Active/Interest In / Fitness / Fitness Enthusiast (EX) Active/Interest In / Health / Healthy Living (EX) Active/Interest In / Health / Weight Conscious (EX) ActiveHealthyLifestyle_12mo_1296 ActiveHealthyLifestyle_Purchasers_12mo_1296 Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / American Football Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Archery Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Auto Racing Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Badminton Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Ballet Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / BASE Jumping Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Baseball Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Basketball Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Billiards/Pool Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Boating Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Boating / Bareboating Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Boating / Canoeing Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Boating / River Rafting Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Boating / Rowing Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Boating / Sailing and Yachting Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Boating / Sailing Schools Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Boating / Waverunners Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Bodybuilding Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Bowling Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Boxing Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Bungee Jumping Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Cricket Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Curling Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Cycling Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Cycling / Mountain Biking Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Cycling / Road Biking Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Dancing Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Diet Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Diving Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Events Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Exercise Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Extreme Sports Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Extreme Sports / Adventure Racing Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Extreme Sports / Adventure Racing / Dirt Bike Racing Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Extreme Sports / Adventure Racing / Horse Racing Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Extreme Sports / Barefoot Waterskiing Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Extreme Sports / Bungee Jumping Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Extreme Sports / Deep Sea Fishing Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Extreme Sports / Elephant Polo Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Extreme Sports / Skysurfing Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Extreme Sports / Sport Climbing Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Extreme Sports / Street Luge Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Fencing Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Fishing Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Fishing / Deep Sea Fishing Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Fishing / Fly Fishing Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Fishing / Saltwater Fishing Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Fitness and Health Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Flag Football Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Frisbee Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Golf Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Gymnastics Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Handball Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Hiking Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Hockey Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Horseback Riding Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Hunting Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Hunting / Falconry Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Ice Skating Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Inline Skating Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Lacrosse Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Martial Arts Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Martial Arts / Karate Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Martial Arts / Tai Kwan Do Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Motorsports Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Mountaineering Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Multisport Adventures Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Paintball Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Parasailing Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Pilates Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Polo Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Racketball Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Rock climbing Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Running and Jogging Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Skateboarding Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Skating Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Snorkeling/Scuba Diving Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Snow Skiing Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Snow Skiing / Heliskiing Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Snowboarding Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Soccer Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Spinning Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Sports Camps Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Squash (Sport) Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Surfing Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Swimming Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Tennis Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Triathlons Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Volleyball Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Wakeboarding Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Walking Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Water Polo Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Water Skiing Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Weight Lifting Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Weight Loss Activities and Interests / Sports and Fitness / Yoga Ad Exposure by Brand / UnitedHealthcare AE / Geo-Behavioural / Health and Beauty / Female Hair and Beauty Customers AE / Geo-Behavioural / Healthcare / Pharmacy Shoppers AE / Geo-Behavioural / Healthcare / Visits Healthcare Facilities Affinity / Health & Wellbeing Affinity / Health & Wellbeing Affinity / Sports / Personal Fitness Affinity / Sports / Personal Fitness Allergy Allergy / Allergy Relief Allergy & Cold Sufferers Alternative Medicine Alzheimers Research Charities Intent to Give Android Users / Health and Fitness App / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health App / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / Aging Care App / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / Base Make App / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / Beauty Appliances App / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / Body Care App / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / Depilation App / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / Diet App / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / Esthetic App / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / For Men App / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / Hair Care App / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / Health Goods App / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / Health Goods / Diet Foods App / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / Health Goods / Health Foods_Supplement App / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / Make Up App / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / Skin Care App / In Market / Purchased / Beauty_Health App / In Market / Purchased / Beauty_Health / Aging Care App / In Market / Purchased / Beauty_Health / Beauty Appliances App / In Market / Purchased / Beauty_Health / Body Care App / In Market / Purchased / Beauty_Health / Depilation App / In Market / Purchased / Beauty_Health / Diet App / In Market / Purchased / Beauty_Health / For Men App / In Market / Purchased / Beauty_Health / Hair Care App / In Market / Purchased / Beauty_Health / Health Goods App / In Market / Purchased / Beauty_Health / Make App / In Market / Purchased / Beauty_Health / Oral Care App / In Market / Purchased / Beauty_Health / Skin Care App / Interest / Beauty_Health App / Interest / Beauty_Health / Beauty App / Interest / Beauty_Health / Beauty / Body Care App / Interest / Beauty_Health / Beauty / Dental Care App / Interest / Beauty_Health / Beauty / Diet App / Interest / Beauty_Health / Beauty / Hair Care App / Interest / Beauty_Health / Beauty / Skin Care App / Interest / Beauty_Health / Beauty / Skin Care / BB Cream_CC Cream App / Interest / Beauty_Health / Beauty / Skin Care / Facial Wash App / Interest / Beauty_Health / Beauty / Skin Care / Serum_Facial Mask App / Interest / Beauty_Health / Beauty / UV Care App / Interest / Beauty_Health / Health App / Interest / Beauty_Health / Health / Health Care App / Interest / Beauty_Health / Health / Health Foods_Supplement App / Interest / Beauty_Health / Health / Kampo App / Interest / Beauty_Health / Health / Nutrition Care App / Interest / Beauty_Health / Health / Pollen Allergy App / Interest / Entertainment / Books / Health App / Interest / Entertainment / Idol / Johnny's / Arashi App / Interest / Finance_Insurance / Insurance / Health Insurance App / Interest / Finance_Insurance / Insurance / Medical Insurance App / Interest / Hobby / Idol / Johnny's / Arashi App / Interest / Hobby / Recipe / Diet App / Interest / News_Society / Welfare_Nursing App / Life Stage / Nursing Care App / Location / Traffic / Smoking / etobacco / glo App / Location / Traffic / Smoking / etobacco / iqos App / Location / Traffic / Smoking / etobacco / ploom tech App / Location / Traffic / Smoking / etobacco / vape App / Used Store / Pharmacy App > Interest > Beauty_Health App > Interest > Beauty_Health > Beauty App > Interest > Beauty_Health > Beauty > Body Care App > Interest > Beauty_Health > Beauty > Dental Care App > Interest > Beauty_Health > Beauty > Diet App > Interest > Beauty_Health > Beauty > Hair Care App > Interest > Beauty_Health > Beauty > Skin Care App > Interest > Beauty_Health > Beauty > Skin Care > BB Cream_CC Cream App > Interest > Beauty_Health > Beauty > Skin Care > Facial Wash App > Interest > Beauty_Health > Beauty > Skin Care > Serum_Facial Mask App > Interest > Beauty_Health > Beauty > UV Care App > Interest > Beauty_Health > Health App > Interest > Beauty_Health > Health > Health Care App > Interest > Beauty_Health > Health > Health Foods_Supplement App > Interest > Beauty_Health > Health > Kampo App > Interest > Beauty_Health > Health > Nutrition Care App > Interest > Beauty_Health > Health > Pollen Allergy App > Interest > Entertainment > Books > Health App > Interest > Finance_Insurance > Insurance > Health Insurance App > Interest > Finance_Insurance > Insurance > Medical Insurance App > Interest > Hobby > Recipe > Diet App > Interest > News_Society > Welfare_Nursing App > Life Stage > Nursing Care App > Location > Traffic > Smoking > etobacco > glo App > Location > Traffic > Smoking > etobacco > iqos App > Location > Traffic > Smoking > etobacco > ploom tech App > Location > Traffic > Smoking > etobacco > vape App > Used Store > Pharmacy Apps Owned by Genre / Health & Fitness - Cookies Apps_Owned_by_Genre / Health_&_Fitness Area and Place / Destination / Medical/Health / Blood Donation Area and Place / Destination / Medical/Health / Clinics Area and Place / Destination / Medical/Health / Emergency Rooms Area and Place / Destination / Medical/Health / Health Center Area and Place / Destination / Medical/Health / Health Products Area and Place / Destination / Medical/Health / Hospital Area and Place / Destination / Medical/Health / Medical appliances Area and Place / Destination / Medical/Health / Pharmacy Area and Place / Destination / Medical/Health / Postnatal Care Area and Place / Destination / Sports/Leisure / Fitness/Yoga/Filates ARGENTINA / Activation Segment / Diet (EN), Dieta (ES), Dieta (PT) ARGENTINA / Activation Segment / Healthy eating (EN), Alimentacion saludable (ES), Alimentacao saudavel (PT) ARGENTINA / Interest / Health (EN), Salud (ES), Saude (PT) ARGENTINA / Life Style / Fitness and Wellness (EN), Deportista (ES), Esportista (PT) Asia-Pacific / APAC Health and Fitness Asia-Pacific / Australia / Dieting and Weight Loss Asia-Pacific / Australia / Health and Fitness Asia-Pacific / Australia / Personal or Health Insurance Asia-Pacific / Australia / Weightlifting Asia-Pacific / Hong Kong / Health and Fitness Asia-Pacific / India / Health and Fitness Asia-Pacific / India / Health and Medicine Asia-Pacific / Indonesia / Health and Fitness Asia-Pacific / Japan / Health and Fitness Asia-Pacific / Malaysia / Health and Fitness Asia-Pacific / New Zealand / Health and Fitness Asia-Pacific / Philippines / Health and Fitness Asia-Pacific / Singapore / Dieting and Weight Loss Asia-Pacific / Singapore / Health and Fitness Asia-Pacific / Singapore / Personal or Health Insurance Asia-Pacific / Singapore / Weightlifting Asia-Pacific / South Korea / Health and Fitness Asia-Pacific / Taiwan / Health and Fitness Asia-Pacific / Thailand / Health and Fitness Asia-Pacific / Vietnam / Health and Fitness AU / Brand / Anytime Fitness Visitors AU / Brand / Fernwood Fitness Visitors AU / Brand / Fitness First Visitors AU / Brand / Guardian Pharmacy Visitors AU / Brand / Snap Fitness Visitors AU / Category / Gym And Fitness Centers Visitors AU / Category / Health And Diet Food Visitors AU / healthcare AU / healthcare / busy bee pharmacy AU / healthcare / guardian pharmacy AU / healthcare / hospital visitors AU / healthcare / pharmacy shoppers AU / healthcare / priceline pharmacy AU / retail / sporting goods & fitness shoppers AU / sports and leisure / anytime fitness AU / sports and leisure / crunch fitness AU / sports and leisure / fitness first AU / sports and leisure / flex fitness AU / sports and leisure / go health clubs AU / sports and leisure / plus fitness 24/7 AU / sports and leisure / sam's fitness AU / sports and leisure / snap fitness AU / sports and leisure / southside fitness Audiences / France / 360 / Ineldea_FitnessCenters Audiences / Indonesia / 360 / Health Audiences / Malaysia / 360 / MY_Health & fitness Audiences / Thailand / 360 / TH_Health Enthusiasts Audiences / United States / 360 / Living proof- Fitness - kord40dlxx8g: 1302993 Audiences / United States / 360 /Fitness_Workout - ko5i0m44j660 Audiences / United States / 360 /ND Department of Health_LGBTQ ND Quits - ko2l4f7bdmn5 Audiences / United States / Custom_Health&Fitness Audiences / Vietnam / 360 / VN_Health & wellness B2C / Donor / Health Causes -- Co-op Sourced B2C / Interests / Arts & Entertainment / Reading / Medical/Health B2C / Interests / Cooking, Food and Beverage / Nutritional Foods B2C / Interests / Health & Fitness B2C / Interests / Health, Beauty and Personal Care B2C / Interests / Health, Beauty and Personal Care / Face and Body Care B2C / Interests / Health, Beauty and Personal Care / Health and Fitness B2C / Interests / Health, Beauty and Personal Care / Health and Fitness / Diet B2C / Interests / Health, Beauty and Personal Care / Health and Fitness / Diet / Dieting and Weight Loss B2C / Interests / Health, Beauty and Personal Care / Health and Fitness / Diet / Weight Management B2C / Interests / Health, Beauty and Personal Care / Health and Fitness / Fitness B2C / Interests / Health, Beauty and Personal Care / Health and Fitness / Fitness -- Co-op Sourced B2C / Interests / Health, Beauty and Personal Care / Health and Fitness / Health B2C / Interests / Health, Beauty and Personal Care / Health and Fitness / Physical Fitness Clubs B2C / Interests / Health, Beauty and Personal Care / Health and Indoor Acivity -- Co-op Sourced B2C / Interests / Healthy Living B2C / Interests / Lifestyles / Healthy Living B2C / Interests / Mobile App / Health and Wellness B2C / Interests / Mobile App / Health and Wellness / OTC Health B2C / Lifestyles / Healthy & Fit B2C / Profession / Nursing B2C / Purchases / Books / Health Book or Magazine Buyer -- Co-op Sourced B2C / Purchases / Diet & Weight Loss Products -- Co- op Sourced B2C / Purchases / Health & Fitness Products -- Co-op Sourced B2C / Purchases / Insurance Products / Dental -- Co- op Sourced B2C / Purchases / Insurance Products / Health -- Co- op Sourced B2C / Purchases / Insurance Products / Vision -- Co- op Sourced B2C / Purchases / Vitamins-- Co-op Sourced B2C / TargetReady / Health and Fitness B2C / TargetReady / Health and Fitness / Diet Products B2C / TargetReady / Health and Fitness / Heavy Vitamin and Dietary Supplement B2C / TargetReady / Health and Fitness / Physical Fitness Clubs B2C / TargetReady / Health and Fitness / Pilates/Yoga B2C / TargetReady / Insurance / Health Insurance (personal) B2C / TargetReady / Insurance / Health Insurance (through work) B2C / TargetReady / Lifestyles / Alternative Medicine Baby and Toddler / Baby Health Baby and Toddler / Baby Health / Baby Care Products - Ointments and Creams Baby and Toddler / Baby Health / Nursing Accessories Baby and Toddler / Baby Health / Pain Remedies - Baby and Toddler Baby and Toddler / Baby Care Products - Ointments and Creams Baby and Toddler / Baby Health Baby and Toddler / Baby Health - Remaining Baby and Toddler / Nursing Accessories Baby and Toddler / Pain Remedies - Baby and Toddler Baby and Toddler / Vitamins - Baby and Toddler Baby_BabyHealth_0_100_3mo Baby_Infant Basics_Nursing_Feeding_0_100_6mo_3363 Baby_InfantBasics_Feeding_and_Health_0_100_12 mo_2810 Baby_InfantBasicsFurniture_FeedingHealth_0_100_3 mo_3511 BabyHealth_0_100_12mo_3363 Basketball Stadiums / Wellness and Events Center Basketball Stadiums / Wellness, Recreation & Athletics Center Beauty & Fitness Beauty & Fitness / Beauty Pageants Beauty & Fitness / Cosmetic Procedures Beauty & Fitness / Face & Body Care Beauty & Fitness / Face & Body Care / Skin & Nail Care Beauty & Fitness / Face & Body Care / Unwanted Body & Facial Hair Removal Beauty & Fitness / Fitness Beauty & Fitness / Fitness / Bodybuilding Beauty & Fitness / Fitness / Fitness Equipment & Accessories Beauty & Fitness / Fitness / Fitness Instruction & Personal Training Beauty & Fitness / Fitness / Gyms & Health Clubs Beauty & Fitness / Fitness / Yoga & Pilates Beauty & Fitness / Hair Care Beauty & Fitness / Spas & Beauty Services Beauty & Fitness / Spas & Beauty Services / Massage Therapy Beauty & Fitness / Weight Loss Beauty and Personal Care / Hair Products / Cream Hair Removal Beauty and Personal Care / Hair Products / Use Hair Removal (Bleach,Depilatories,Waxing) Beauty and Personal Care / Hair Products / Wax Hair Removal Beauty and Personal Care / Health and Beauty Aids / Denture Cleaners-Fixodent Better_wellnessdpcis_12mo Book / Magazine Subscribers / Interest / Type / Health Books & Magazines / Book Genre Preference / Book Genre Preference: Medical & Health Books & Magazines / Financial & Health Paid Newsletter Subscribers / Financial & Health Paid Newsletter Subscribers: Highly Likely Books & Magazines / Financial & Health Paid Newsletter Subscribers / Financial & Health Paid Newsletter Subscribers: Likely Books & Magazines / Financial & Health Paid Newsletter Subscribers / Financial & Health Paid Newsletter Subscribers: Unlikely Brand Product / Limpieza Dental Brand Product / Limpieza Dental- Crema/Gel/Liquido/Pasta (Dientes Naturales) Brand Product / Limpieza Dental- Crema/Gel/Liquido/Pasta (Dientes Naturales)- Procter & Gamble/Procter & Gamble-Oral B Brand Product / Limpieza Dental- Crema/Gel/Liquido/Pasta (Dientes Naturales)- Unilever/Unilever-Signal Branded Data / 1st Party / Shopper Currently Seeking / Health Shoppers Branded Data / Active Buyers / Beauty & Wellness Branded Data / Active Buyers / Fitness Branded Data / Active Buyers / Health Insurance Branded Data / Aircraft Owner / Weight Shift Control Branded Data / Australia / Health & Fitness Branded Data / Australia / Health & Fitness / Exercise Enthusiasts Branded Data / Australia / Health & Fitness / Runners & Cyclists Branded Data / Australia / Retail / Beauty, Health & Grocery Shoppers Branded Data / Australia / Retail / Pharmacy Patrons Branded Data / Australia, NZ, Asia Pacific / AU RDA Research / RDA Donor Segments / High Range / Likely to Donate to Disability Cause / Charities Branded Data / Australia, NZ, Asia Pacific / AU RDA Research / RDA Donor Segments / High Range / Likely to Donate to Mental Health Cause / Charities Branded Data / Australia, NZ, Asia Pacific / AU RDA Research / RDA Donor Segments / Medium Range / Likely to Donate to Disability Cause / Charities Branded Data / Australia, NZ, Asia Pacific / AU RDA Research / RDA Donor Segments / Medium Range / Likely to Donate to Mental Health Cause / Charities Branded Data / B2B / Business Executives / Health & Wellness Branded Data / B2B / Business Executives / Health & Wellness / Exercise Branded Data / B2B / Business Executives / Health & Wellness / Exercise / Avid Exercisers Branded Data / B2B / Business Executives / Health & Wellness / Exercise / Extreme Exercisers Branded Data / B2B / Business Executives / Health & Wellness / Exercise / Moderate Exercisers Branded Data / B2B / Business Executives / Health & Wellness / Exercise / Non-Exercisers Branded Data / B2B / Business Executives / Health & Wellness / Sleep Quality Branded Data / B2B / Business Executives / Health & Wellness / Sleep Quality / Good Sleep Quality Branded Data / B2B / Business Executives / Health & Wellness / Sleep Quality / Poor Sleep Quality Branded Data / Basic Rate / Charities and Causes / Community Involvement - Causes Supported Financially / Health Causes Branded Data / Basic Rate / Health and Fitness Branded Data / Basic Rate / Health and Fitness / Interest Branded Data / Basic Rate / Health and Fitness / Interest / Dieting / Weight Loss Branded Data / Basic Rate / Health and Fitness / Interest / Exercise / Health Branded Data / Beauty Products / Hair Removal Products Branded Data / Behavior Model / Active/Interest In / Fitness Branded Data / Behavior Model / Active/Interest In / Fitness / Avid Runner Branded Data / Behavior Model / Active/Interest In / Fitness / Fitness Enthusiast Branded Data / Behavior Model / Active/Interest In / Fitness / Plays Golf Branded Data / Behavior Model / Active/Interest In / Fitness / Plays Hockey Branded Data / Behavior Model / Active/Interest In / Fitness / Plays Soccer Branded Data / Behavior Model / Active/Interest In / Fitness / Plays Tennis Branded Data / Behavior Model / Active/Interest In / Fitness / Snow Sports Branded Data / Behavior Model / Active/Interest In / Health Branded Data / Behavior Model / Active/Interest In / Health / Healthy Living Branded Data / Behavior Model / Active/Interest In / Health / On a Diet Branded Data / Behavior Model / Active/Interest In / Health / Weight Conscious Branded Data / Behavior Model / Donor / Contributes to Health Branded Data / Behavior Model / Insurance / Medical Insurance Policy Branded Data / BPG - Business Product Buyers / Product Category / Health & Wellness Branded Data / Brain / Health & Fitness Branded Data / Brand Affinity / CVS/pharmacy Branded Data / Brand Affinity / Quality Health Branded Data / Brand Affinity / SpaFinder Wellness Branded Data / Brand Affinity / Weight Watchers Branded Data / Brand Propensities / Food & Drugstore / Swanson Vitamins Buyer Propensity Branded Data / Brand Propensities / Food & Drugstore / Weight Watchers International Buyer Propensity Branded Data / Branded / Health & Beauty Branded Data / Brands / Apparel & Accessories / Sorel Footwear Branded Data / Brands / Health Branded Data / Brands / Health & Fitness Branded Data / Brands / Health & Fitness / Anytime Fitness Branded Data / Brands / Health & Fitness / Clever Fit Germany Branded Data / Brands / Health & Fitness / Fitness First Germany Branded Data / Brands / Health & Fitness / Health Associations Branded Data / Brands / Health & Fitness / Jenny Craig Branded Data / Brands / Health & Fitness / Nutrisystem Branded Data / Brands / Health & Fitness / Planet Fitness Branded Data / Brands / Health & Fitness / Weight Watchers Branded Data / Brands / Organizations / Health Associations Branded Data / Brands / Organizations / International Child Welfare Branded Data / Brands / Organizations / US Child Welfare Branded Data / Brands / Retail / CVS Pharmacy Branded Data / Brands / Sporting Goods / Peloton Fitness Branded Data / Buyers / Ailment Products Branded Data / Buyers / Alternate Health Products Branded Data / Buyers / Category / Health wellness Branded Data / Buyers / Diet & Weight Loss (FLA / Fair Lending Friendly) Branded Data / Buyers / Fitness Products Branded Data / Buyers / Health & Beauty Products Branded Data / Buyers / Health & Beauty Products (FLA / Fair Lending Friendly) Branded Data / Buyers / Health Products Branded Data / Buying Styles / Buys Natural for Health Branded Data / Canada / Health & Fitness Branded Data / Canada / Health & Fitness / Exercise Enthusiasts Branded Data / Category Affinity / Dental Services Branded Data / Category Affinity / Gyms & Fitness Branded Data / Category Affinity / Hair Removal Branded Data / Category Affinity / Health Branded Data / Category Affinity / OTC & Prescription Medicines Branded Data / Category Affinity / Relaxation & Wellness Branded Data / Category Affinity / Vision Branded Data / Category Affinity / Vitamins & Supplements Branded Data / Category Affinity / Weight Loss Branded Data / Charitable Contributors / Donation Motivations / Healthcare Organization Donation Motivation Branded Data / Charitable Contributors / Health Causes Branded Data / Charitable Contributors / Likely Donors / Health Causes Branded Data / Charity / Health Organization Branded Data / Composite Segments (Audience Clusters) / Sports & Fitness Buffs Branded Data / Composite Segments (Audience Clusters) / Sports & Fitness Buffs Online Branded Data / Consumer / Donors / Health Branded Data / Consumer / Interests / Dieting/Weight Loss Branded Data / Consumer / Interests / Exercise Branded Data / Consumer / Interests / Exercise, Running/Jogging Branded Data / Consumer / Interests / Exercise, Walking Branded Data / Consumer / Interests / Health & Medical Branded Data / Consumer / Purchases / Health & Beauty Branded Data / Consumer / Purchases / Magazines, Health Branded Data / Consumer Information / Health Seeker Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Frozen Food Buyers / Frozen Meals / Healthy Choice Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Health and Beauty Buyers Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Health and Beauty Buyers / Cough and Cold Relief Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Health and Beauty Buyers / Cough and Cold Relief / Halls Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Health and Beauty Buyers / Cough and Cold Relief / Mucinex Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Health and Beauty Buyers / Cough and Cold Relief / Vicks Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Health and Beauty Buyers / Pain Relief Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Health and Beauty Buyers / Pain Relief / Advil Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Health and Beauty Buyers / Pain Relief / Aleve Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Health and Beauty Buyers / Pain Relief / Bayer Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Health and Beauty Buyers / Pain Relief / Tylenol Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Health and Beauty Buyers / Vitamins Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Health and Beauty Buyers / Vitamins / Nature Made Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Health and Beauty Buyers / Vitamins / Nature's Bounty Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / BuyStyles / Fresh and Healthy Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / BuyStyles / Sugar Free Diet Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / BuyStyles / Weight Conscious Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Categories / Health and Beauty Buyers Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Categories / Health and Beauty Buyers / Allergy Relief Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Categories / Health and Beauty Buyers / Cough and Cold Relief Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Categories / Health and Beauty Buyers / Eye Care Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Categories / Health and Beauty Buyers / Feminine Care Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Categories / Health and Beauty Buyers / First Aid Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Categories / Health and Beauty Buyers / Gastrointestinal Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Categories / Health and Beauty Buyers / Haircare Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Categories / Health and Beauty Buyers / Oral Care Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Categories / Health and Beauty Buyers / Pain Relief Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Categories / Health and Beauty Buyers / Skin Care Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Categories / Health and Beauty Buyers / Sun Care Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Categories / Health and Beauty Buyers / Vitamins Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Categories / Health Food Buyers Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Categories / Health Food Buyers / Diet Foods Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Categories / Health Food Buyers / Fresh Produce Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Categories / Health Food Buyers / Low-Fat Foods Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Categories / Health Food Buyers / Natural and Organics Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Proximity (Locations) / Drug Stores (Pharmacy) Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Proximity (Locations) / Drug Stores (Pharmacy) / CVS Pharmacy Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Proximity (Locations) / Drug Stores (Pharmacy) / Rite Aid Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Proximity (Locations) / Drug Stores (Pharmacy) / Walgreens Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Proximity (Locations) / Grocery Stores / Supervalu: Farm Fresh Food and Pharmacy Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Proximity (Locations) / Grocery Stores / Supervalu: Shoppers Food and Pharmacy Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Shops At (Shoppers) / Drug Store or Pharmacy Heavy Spenders Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Shops At (Shoppers) / Health and Beauty Store Heavy Spenders Branded Data / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Shops At (Shoppers) / Online Drug Store or Pharmacy Shoppers Branded Data / CPG - Consumer Product Buyers / Foodies / Weight Watchers Branded Data / CPG - Consumer Product Buyers / Product Category / Health & Wellness Branded Data / CPG / Categories / Health & Beauty Branded Data / CPG / Categories / Health & Beauty / Beauty Branded Data / CPG / Categories / Health & Beauty / Beauty / Skin Care Branded Data / CPG / Categories / Health & Beauty / Hair Care Branded Data / CPG / Categories / Health & Beauty / Hair Care / Hair Accessories Branded Data / CPG / Categories / Health & Beauty / Hair Care / Hair Care Appliances Branded Data / CPG / Categories / Health & Beauty / Hair Care / Hair Treatment Branded Data / CPG / Categories / Health & Beauty / Health Care Branded Data / CPG / Categories / Health & Beauty / Health Care / Medicines & Remedies Branded Data / CPG / Categories / Health & Beauty / Health Care / Vitamins & Nutrition Branded Data / CPG / Categories / Health & Beauty / Personal Care Branded Data / CPG / Categories / Health & Beauty / Personal Care / Dental Care Branded Data / CPG / Categories / Health & Beauty / Personal Care / Vision Care, Contacts, & Glasses Branded Data / CPG / Health & Beauty Branded Data / CPG / Health & Beauty / Beauty Branded Data / CPG / Health & Beauty / Beauty / Hair Care Branded Data / CPG / Health & Beauty / Beauty / Skin Care Branded Data / CPG / Health & Beauty / Vision Branded Data / CPG / Health & Beauty / Vision / Contact Lenses Branded Data / CPG / Health & Beauty / Vision / Eye Glasses Branded Data / CPG / Health & Beauty / Vitamins & Supplements Branded Data / CPG / Health & Beauty Buyers / Cold & Flu Relief Branded Data / CPG / Nutrition/WeightLoss Branded Data / CPG / Nutrition/WeightLoss / Adult Nutrition & Weight Control Branded Data / CPG / Nutrition/WeightLoss / Diet & Weight Loss Branded Data / CPG / Nutrition/WeightLoss / Men's Nutrition & Weight Control Branded Data / CPG / Nutrition/WeightLoss / Women's Nutrition & Weight Control Branded Data / CPG / OTC Medicine/Cough & Cold Branded Data / CPG / OTC Medicine/Cough & Cold / Brand Cough & Cold Branded Data / CPG / OTC Medicine/Cough & Cold / Cough And Cold Branded Data / CPG / OTC Medicine/Cough & Cold / First Aid & Emergency Supplies Branded Data / CPG / OTC Medicine/Cough & Cold / Generic Cough & Cold Branded Data / CPG / OTC Medicine/Cough & Cold / Kids Cough & Cold Branded Data / CPG / OTC Medicine/Cough & Cold / OTC - Brand Pain Relievers Branded Data / CPG / OTC Medicine/Cough & Cold / OTC - Kids Pain Relievers Branded Data / CPG / OTC Medicine/Cough & Cold / OTC - Pain Relievers Branded Data / CPG / OTC Medicine/Cough & Cold / OTC- Generic Pain Relievers Branded Data / Currently Seeking / Financial Products / Insurance / Health Branded Data / Customer Modeled / Health Branded Data / Decision Maker / Healthcare Decision Maker Branded Data / Demographics / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Charity (Philanthropy) / Health Branded Data / Demographics / Lifestyles / Contributors / Health Branded Data / Demographics / Lifestyles / Read Natural Health Branded Data / Digital / Health Branded Data / Digital / Health / Cooking Light Branded Data / Digital / Health / Health Magazine Branded Data / Digital / Magazines / Men's Health Magazine Branded Data / Digital / Magazines / Women's Health Magazine Branded Data / Donors / Health Causes Branded Data / Enhanced Rate / Lifestyle / Classic Clusters / 68 - Staying Healthy Branded Data / Enhanced Rate / Media / Magazines / Likely Type / Health Branded Data / Entertainment / Gyms / 24 Hour Fitness - Recent Branded Data / Entertainment / Gyms / Anytime Fitness - Recent Branded Data / Entertainment / Gyms / Fitness 19 - Recent Branded Data / Entertainment / Gyms / LA Fitness - Recent Branded Data / Entertainment / Gyms / Lifetime Fitness - Recent Branded Data / Entertainment / Gyms / Planet Fitness - Recent Branded Data / Entertainment / Gyms / Snap Fitness - Recent Branded Data / Entertainment / Magazine Readers / Medical/Health Branded Data / Enthusiasts / Health & Natural Foods Branded Data / Enthusiasts / Wellness Branded Data / Familyes / Diet (EN) Dietas (ES) Branded Data / Familyes / Health and Wellbeing (EN) Salud y Bienestar (ES) Branded Data / Finance / Charitable Giving / Gives to Charity / Children's Welfare Branded Data / Finance / Charitable Giving / Gives to Charity / Medical & Health Branded Data / Finance / Financial Services Customers / Insurance Customers / Health Insurance Branded Data / Finance / Insurance / Health Insurance Branded Data / Financial Attributes / Donations / Health Branded Data / Fitness Branded Data / Fitness / Equinox Goer Branded Data / Fitness / Fitness Enthusiast Branded Data / Fitness / Fitness Enthusiast / Fitness Fanatic Branded Data / Fitness / SoulCycle Goer Branded Data / Fitness / YMCA Goer Branded Data / Fitness Enthusiasts Branded Data / Food Attitudes / Nutrition Aware Branded Data / Food Attitudes / Nutrition/Ingredient Checker Branded Data / Food Attitudes / Restaurant Nutritionist Branded Data / Food Attitudes / Seeks Healthy Fast Food Branded Data / Grocery / Canned Soup / Campbell's Healthy Request Branded Data / Grocery / Canned Soup / Healthy Choice Soup Branded Data / Grocery / Frozen Dinner / Healthy Choice Branded Data / Grocery / Frozen Dinner / Weight Watchers Smart Ones Branded Data / Health Branded Data / Health / Aging Branded Data / Health / Allergies Branded Data / Health / Alternative Medicine Branded Data / Health / Beauty Branded Data / Health / Child Health Branded Data / Health / Diet & Weight Loss Branded Data / Health / Dieting & Weight Loss Branded Data / Health / Fitness Branded Data / Health / Fitness / Advice and Guides Branded Data / Health / Fitness / Bodybuilding Branded Data / Health / Fitness / Gyms & Fitness Clubs Branded Data / Health / Fitness / Personal Trainers Branded Data / Health / Folk Medicine Branded Data / Health / Insurance Branded Data / Health / Massage Branded Data / Health / Mens Health Branded Data / Health / Mens Health / Nutrition Branded Data / Health / Mens Health / Products Branded Data / Health / News and Media Branded Data / Health / Nutrition Branded Data / Health / Nutrition / Dietitians and Nutritionists Branded Data / Health / Nutrition / Infant and Toddlers Branded Data / Health / Nutrition / News and Media Branded Data / Health / Nutrition / Organic Food Branded Data / Health / Nutrition / Senior Branded Data / Health / Nutrition / Special Diets Branded Data / Health / Psoriasis Branded Data / Health / Self-Care Branded Data / Health / Senior Health Branded Data / Health / TMJ Branded Data / Health / Weight Loss Branded Data / Health / Women's Health Branded Data / Health / Womens Health Branded Data / Health / Womens Health / Nutrition Branded Data / Health / Womens Health / Products Branded Data / Health & Medical Branded Data / Health & Medical / Dental Care Branded Data / Health & Medical / Homeopathy Branded Data / Health & Medical / OTC Colds & Flu Treatment Branded Data / Health & Medical / Vitamin & Mineral Supplements Branded Data / Health & Wellbeing Branded Data / Health & Wellbeing / Alliant Nutraceutical Supplements Branded Data / Health & Wellbeing / Fitness & Exercise Branded Data / Health & Wellbeing / Health Wellness & Fitness Branded Data / Health & Wellbeing / Health, Wellness & Fitness Branded Data / Health & Wellbeing / Self- Improvement Branded Data / Health & Wellbeing / Weight Loss Branded Data / Health & Wellness Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Diet Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Diet / Lifestyle Dieters Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Exercise Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Exercise / Aerobic Exercise Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Exercise / Avid Exerciser Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Exercise / Exercise Of Running / Jogging Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Exercise / Exercise Of Walking Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Exercise / Exercise Products or Services Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Exercise / Exercise/Health Products or Services Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Exercise / Extreme Exerciser Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Exercise / Moderate Exerciser Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Exercise / Non- Exerciser Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Intensity Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Intensity / High Intensity Consumers Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Intensity / Low Intensity Consumers Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Lifestyle Indicators Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Lifestyle Indicators / Elective Procedures Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Lifestyle Indicators / Health Attitude: Apathetic Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Lifestyle Indicators / Health Attitude: Passive Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Lifestyle Indicators / Health Attitude: Proactive Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Lifestyle Indicators / Lifestyle Fitness Score: High Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Lifestyle Indicators / Lifestyle Fitness Score: Low Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Lifestyle Indicators / Lifestyle Fitness Score: Medium Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Lifestyle Indicators / Weight Loss: Active Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Prevention Indicators Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Prevention Indicators / Flu Shot: Likely Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Prevention Indicators / Flu Shot: Unlikely Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Prevention Indicators / Lower GI In-Home Lab Test: Likely Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Prevention Indicators / Lower GI In-Home Lab Test: Unlikely Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Prevention Indicators / Men's Preventive Care: Likely Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Prevention Indicators / Men's Preventive Care: Unlikely Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Prevention Indicators / Pneumonia Vaccine: Likely Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Prevention Indicators / Pneumonia Vaccine: Unlikely Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Prevention Indicators / Tetanus: Likely Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Prevention Indicators / Tetanus: Unlikely Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Prevention Indicators / Women's Preventive Care: Likely Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Prevention Indicators / Women's Preventive Care: Unlikely Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Propensities Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Propensities / Dental Health Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Propensities / Eye Care Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Propensities / Gastrointestinal Health Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Propensities / Joint Health Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Propensities / Low Sugar Diet Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Propensities / Pain Propensity Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Sleep Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Sleep / Good Sleep Quality Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Sleep / Poor Sleep Quality Branded Data / Health & Wellness / Yoga & Pilates Enthusiast Branded Data / Health Attitudes Branded Data / Health Attitudes / Content with Weight Branded Data / Health Attitudes / Eats Right Branded Data / Health Attitudes / Exercises Often Branded Data / Health Attitudes / Generic Medication Believers Branded Data / Health Attitudes / Herbal Believer Branded Data / Health Attitudes / Prefers Name- Brand Medications Branded Data / Health Attitudes / Proactive Health Seeker Branded Data / Health Attitudes / Vitamin Believer Branded Data / Health Attitudes / Vitamin Believers Branded Data / Health Care Branded Data / Health Donors Branded Data / Health Reach Extension Branded Data / Health Reach Extension / 0-1% Branded Data / Health Reach Extension / 1-5% Branded Data / Health Reach Extension / 10-15% Branded Data / Health Reach Extension / 15-20% Branded Data / Health Reach Extension / 20-30% Branded Data / Health Reach Extension / 5-10% Branded Data / Healthcare Branded Data / Healthcare / Health Branded Data / Healthcare / Health / Filled Prescription Online Branded Data / Healthcare / Health / Obtained Ailment/Prescription Information Online Branded Data / Healthcare / Healthy Living Branded Data / Healthcare / Healthy Living / Eating Healthy Branded Data / Healthcare / Healthy Living / Eating Healthy / Active Branded Data / Healthcare / Healthy Living / Eating Healthy / No Diet Branded Data / Healthcare / Healthy Living / Exercise Regularly Branded Data / Healthcare / Healthy Living / Exercise Regularly / Club Branded Data / Healthcare / Healthy Living / Exercise Regularly / Home Branded Data / Healthcare / Healthy Living / Exercise Regularly / Other Facility Branded Data / Healthcare / Healthy Living / Health Attitude Branded Data / Healthcare / Healthy Living / Health Attitude / Alternatives Branded Data / Healthcare / Healthy Living / Health Attitude / Brand Name Traditionalist Branded Data / Healthcare / Healthy Living / Health Attitude / Consult My Pharmacist Branded Data / Healthcare / Healthy Living / Health Attitude / Doctor Knows Best Branded Data / Healthcare / Healthy Living / Health Attitude / Exercise Regularly Branded Data / Healthcare / Healthy Living / Health Attitude / Generic Traditionalist Branded Data / Healthcare / Healthy Living / Health Attitude / I'm My Own Doctor Branded Data / Healthcare / Healthy Living / Health Attitude / Prescription Meds Exactly as Prescribed Branded Data / Healthcare / Healthy Living / Health Attitude / Regular Check-Ups Branded Data / Healthcare / Healthy Living / Health Attitude / Seeking New Ways to be Healthy Branded Data / Healthcare Products Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Brands Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Cold/Allergy/Sinus Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Advil Cold/Sinus Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Alka-Seltzer Plus Cold Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Allegra Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Benadryl Allergy & Sinus Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Claritin Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Delsym Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Halls Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Robitussin Cold Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Sudafed Cold/Sinus Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Theraflu Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Tylenol Allergy/Sinus Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Tylenol Cold Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Tylenol Flu Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Vicks 44 Cough Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Vicks Dayquil Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Vicks Nyquil Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Vicks Vaporub Branded Data / Healthcare Products / First Aid Branded Data / Healthcare Products / First Aid / Bactine Branded Data / Healthcare Products / First Aid / Band-Aid Branded Data / Healthcare Products / First Aid / Benadryl Branded Data / Healthcare Products / First Aid / Calamine Branded Data / Healthcare Products / First Aid / Cortizone Branded Data / Healthcare Products / First Aid / Curad Branded Data / Healthcare Products / First Aid / Johnson & Johnson Cream Branded Data / Healthcare Products / First Aid / Neosporin Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Pain Relievers Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Pain Relievers / Advil Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Pain Relievers / Aleve Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Pain Relievers / Aspercreme Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Pain Relievers / Bayer Asprin Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Pain Relievers / Bengay Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Pain Relievers / Excedrin Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Pain Relievers / Icy Hot Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Pain Relievers / Motrin IB Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Pain Relievers / Thermacare Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Pain Relievers / Tylenol Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Sore Throat Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Sore Throat / Cepacol Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Sore Throat / Chloraseptic Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Sore Throat / Luden's Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Sore Throat / Ricola Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Vitamins/Minerals Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Vitamins/Minerals / Caltrate Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Vitamins/Minerals / Centrum Branded Data / Healthcare Products / Vitamins/Minerals / One-A-Day Woman's Formula Branded Data / Healthcare Providers Branded Data / Healthcare Providers / Dentists Branded Data / Historical Buyer Of / Charitable Donations / Health Branded Data / Historical Buyer Of / Health & Beauty Products Branded Data / Historical Buyer or Shopper Of / Charitable Donations / Health Branded Data / Historical Buyer or Shopper Of / Health & Beauty Products Branded Data / Hobbies & Interests / Dieting & Weight Loss Branded Data / Hobbies & Interests / Fitness Branded Data / Hobbies & Interests / Fitness Walking Branded Data / Hobbies & Interests / Physical Fitness Program Branded Data / Hobbies & Interests / Weight Training Branded Data / Hobbies & Interests / Workout at Home Branded Data / Home / Cooking / Special Diets Branded Data / Hong Kong / Health & Fitness Branded Data / Hong Kong / Health & Fitness / Exercise Enthusiasts Branded Data / Hot Prospects / Baby Health & Safety Branded Data / Hot Prospects / Dental Insurance Branded Data / Hot Prospects / Diet & Exercise Branded Data / Hot Prospects / Health Branded Data / Hot Prospects / Health Insurance Branded Data / Hot Prospects / Weight Loss & Diet Branded Data / Household Appliances & Electronics / Health Devices Branded Data / In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty Branded Data / In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Beauty Branded Data / In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Beauty / Hair Care Branded Data / In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Beauty / Skin Care Branded Data / In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Health Branded Data / In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Health / First Aid Branded Data / In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Health / Vitamins & Dietary Supplements Branded Data / In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Health / Weight Management Branded Data / In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Personal Care Branded Data / In-Market / Financial / Insurance / Health & Health-Related Insurance Branded Data / In-Market / Retail / Sports Equipment & Outdoor Gear / Exercise & Fitness Branded Data / India / Health & Fitness Branded Data / India / Health & Fitness / Exercise Enthusiasts Branded Data / India / Retail / Beauty, Health & Grocery Shoppers Branded Data / Indonesia / Health & Fitness Branded Data / Indonesia / Health & Fitness / Exercise Enthusiasts Branded Data / Indonesia / Health & Fitness / Runners & Cyclists Branded Data / Indonesia / Retail / Beauty, Health & Grocery Shoppers Branded Data / Indonesia / Retail / Pharmacy Patrons Branded Data / Influencers / Influencer Audiences / Authors / Health Fitness and Dieting Branded Data / Influencers / Influencer Audiences / Sports / Bodybuilding/Fitness Branded Data / Influencers / Influencer Audiences / Sports / Fitness Branded Data / Infogroup / Consumer / Interests / Arts & Entertainment / Reading / Medical/Health Branded Data / Infogroup / Consumer / Interests / Health, Beauty & Personal Care Branded Data / Infogroup / Consumer / Interests / Health, Beauty & Personal Care / Face & Body Care Branded Data / Infogroup / Consumer / Interests / Health, Beauty & Personal Care / Health & Fitness Branded Data / Infogroup / Consumer / Interests / Health, Beauty & Personal Care / Health & Fitness / Diet Branded Data / Infogroup / Consumer / Interests / Health, Beauty & Personal Care / Health & Fitness / Diet / Weight Management Branded Data / Infogroup / Consumer / Interests / Health, Beauty & Personal Care / Health & Fitness / Fitness Branded Data / Infogroup / Consumer / Interests / Health, Beauty & Personal Care / Health & Fitness / Fitness / Dieting & Weight Loss Branded Data / Infogroup / Consumer / Interests / Health, Beauty & Personal Care / Health & Fitness / Health Branded Data / Infogroup / Consumer / Interests / Lifestyles / Healthy Living Branded Data / Infogroup / Consumer / Interests / Mobile App / Health & Wellness Branded Data / Infogroup / Consumer / Purchases / Diet & Weight Loss Products Branded Data / Infogroup / Consumer / Purchases / Health & Fitness Products Branded Data / Infogroup / Consumer / Purchases / Vitamins Branded Data / Infogroup / TargetReady / Behavior Models / Household / Health & Fitness Branded Data / Infogroup / TargetReady / Behavior Models / Household / Health & Fitness / Diet Products Branded Data / Infogroup / TargetReady / Behavior Models / Household / Health & Fitness / Heavy Vitamin & Dietary Supplement Branded Data / Infogroup / TargetReady / Behavior Models / Household / Health & Fitness / Physical Fitness Clubs Branded Data / Infogroup / TargetReady / Behavior Models / Household / Health & Fitness / Pilates/Yoga Branded Data / Infogroup / TargetReady / Behavior Models / Household / Insurance / Health Insurance (personal) Branded Data / Infogroup / TargetReady / Behavior Models / Household / Insurance / Health Insurance (through work) Branded Data / Infogroup / TargetReady / Behavior Models / Household / Lifestyles / Alternative Medicine Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / Consumer / Interests / Arts & Entertainment / Reading / Magazine Readers / Medical/Health Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / Consumer / Interests / Arts & Entertainment / Reading / Medical/Health Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / Consumer / Interests / Cooking Food & Beverage / Health & Nutrition Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / Consumer / Interests / Health Beauty & Personal Care Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / Consumer / Interests / Health Beauty & Personal Care / Face & Body Care Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / Consumer / Interests / Health Beauty & Personal Care / Health & Fitness Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / Consumer / Interests / Health Beauty & Personal Care / Health & Fitness / Fitness Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / Consumer / Interests / Health Beauty & Personal Care / Health & Fitness / Fitness / Dieting & Weight Loss Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / Consumer / Interests / Health Beauty & Personal Care / Health & Fitness / Nutrition Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / Consumer / Interests / Lifestyles / Healthy Living Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / Custom Characteristics / Behavior Models / Household / Health & Fitness Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / Custom Characteristics / Behavior Models / Household / Health & Fitness / Diet Products Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / Custom Characteristics / Behavior Models / Household / Health & Fitness / Heavy Vitamin & Dietary Supplement Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / Custom Characteristics / Behavior Models / Household / Health & Fitness / Physical Fitness Clubs Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / Custom Characteristics / Behavior Models / Household / Health & Fitness / Pilates/Yoga Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / Custom Characteristics / Behavior Models / Household / Lifestyles / Alternative Medicine Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / Custom Characteristics / User Defined Audiences / Retail & Retail Service Industries / Health (Creams/Suplements) Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / Custom Characteristics / User Defined Audiences / Retail & Retail Service Industries / Nutritional Supplements (Vitamins) Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / Infogroup Corporate / Consumer / Interests / Cooking, Food & Beverage / Nutritional Foods Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / Infogroup Corporate / Consumer / Interests / Health, Beauty & Personal Care / Health & Fitness / Diet Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / Infogroup Corporate / Consumer / Interests / Health, Beauty & Personal Care / Health & Fitness / Diet / Weight Management Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / Infogroup Corporate / Consumer / Interests / Health, Beauty & Personal Care / Health & Fitness / Health Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / InfoGroup Media Solutions - Audience Xchange / Consumer Xchg / Interest / Hobbies / Fitness Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / InfoGroup Media Solutions - Audience Xchange / Donor Xchg / Health Causes Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / InfoGroup Media Solutions - Audience Xchange / Shopper Xchg / Diet & Weight Loss Products Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / InfoGroup Media Solutions - Audience Xchange / Shopper Xchg / Health & Fitness Products Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / InfoGroup Media Solutions - Audience Xchange / Shopper Xchg / Insurance Products / Dental Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / InfoGroup Media Solutions - Audience Xchange / Shopper Xchg / Insurance Products / Health Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / InfoGroup Media Solutions - Audience Xchange / Shopper Xchg / Insurance Products / Vision Branded Data / Infogroup Inc / InfoGroup Media Solutions - Audience Xchange / Shopper Xchg / Vitamins Branded Data / Insurance / Health Insurance Intender Branded Data / Insurance / Medical Insurance Branded Data / Insurance / Medical Insurance / Dental Insurance Branded Data / Insurance / Medical Insurance / Long Term Care Insurance Branded Data / Insurance / Medical Insurance / Medical Insurance - Group Health Branded Data / Insurance / Medical Insurance / Medical Insurance - HMO Branded Data / Insurance / Medical Insurance / Prescription Drug Insurance Branded Data / Insurance / Medical Insurance / Vision Insurance Branded Data / Intenders / CPG / Nutritional Drinks Branded Data / Intenders / CPG / Weight Loss Products Branded Data / Intenders / Fitness Accessories Branded Data / Intenders / Health & Wellness Products Branded Data / Intenders / Health Products Branded Data / Intenders / Healthy Food Products Branded Data / Intenders / Nutrition Items Branded Data / Intenders / Vitamins Branded Data / Intent / Health & Beauty Branded Data / Intent / Health & Beauty / Beauty Services Branded Data / Intent / Health & Beauty / Health Care Branded Data / Intent / Health & Beauty / Health Care / Fitness & Nutrition Branded Data / Intent / Healthy Diet Branded Data / Intent / Sporting Goods / Exercise & Fitness Branded Data / Interest / Aerobic Exercise Branded Data / Interest / Beauty / Wellness & SPA Branded Data / Interest / Beauty & Health Branded Data / Interest / Beauty & Health / Alternative Medicine Branded Data / Interest / Careers / Nursing Branded Data / Interest / Dieting & Weight Loss Branded Data / Interest / Entertainment / Online Radio / Welfare and family Branded Data / Interest / Exercise Of Running / Jogging Branded Data / Interest / Exercise Of Walking Branded Data / Interest / Exercise Products or Services Branded Data / Interest / Exercise/Health Products or Services Branded Data / Interest / Fitness and Wellness Branded Data / Interest / Fitness and Wellness / Diet and Weight Loss Branded Data / Interest / Fitness and Wellness / Healthy Lifestyle Branded Data / Interest / Fitness and Wellness / Running Branded Data / Interest / Fitness and Wellness / Weight Training Branded Data / Interest / Food & Drink / Food Allergies Branded Data / Interest / Food & Drink / Healthy food Branded Data / Interest / Health Branded Data / Interest / Health / Weight Loss Branded Data / Interest / Health & Fitness Branded Data / Interest / Health & Fitness / Allergies Branded Data / Interest / Health & Fitness / Alternative Medicine Branded Data / Interest / Health & Fitness / Cold & Flu Branded Data / Interest / Health & Fitness / Dental Care Branded Data / Interest / Health & Fitness / Dieting & Weight Loss Branded Data / Interest / Health & Fitness / Exercise Branded Data / Interest / Health & Fitness / Men's Health Branded Data / Interest / Health & Fitness / Nutrition Branded Data / Interest / Health & Fitness / Senior Health Branded Data / Interest / Health & Fitness / Women's Health Branded Data / Interest / Health or The Medical Field Branded Data / Interest / Healthy Diet Branded Data / Interest / Influencers / Women's Health & Beauty Branded Data / Interest / Lifestyle / Healthy Living Branded Data / Interest / Reading / Health Branded Data / Interest / Reading / Medicine and Health Branded Data / Interest / Sport fans / Fitness Lovers Branded Data / Interest / Women / Health & Beauty Branded Data / Interest Model: Lifestyle / Health Living Branded Data / Interests / Home & Family / Health & Beauty Branded Data / Interests / Home & Family / Health & Beauty / Dieting & Weight Loss Branded Data / Interests / Home & Family / Health & Beauty / Health Branded Data / Interests / Lifestyles / Low Fat Dieters Branded Data / Interests / Low Sugar Diet Branded Data / Interests / Sports & Fitness Branded Data / Interests / Sports & Fitness / Aerobics Branded Data / Interests / Sports & Fitness / Boating & Sailing Branded Data / Interests / Sports & Fitness / Camping & Hiking Branded Data / Interests / Sports & Fitness / Equestrian Branded Data / Interests / Sports & Fitness / Fishing Branded Data / Interests / Sports & Fitness / Golf Branded Data / Interests / Sports & Fitness / Hunting & Shooting Branded Data / Interests / Sports & Fitness / Running Branded Data / Interests / Sports & Fitness / Scuba Diving Branded Data / Interests / Sports & Fitness / Skiing Branded Data / Interests / Sports & Fitness / Tennis Branded Data / Interests / Sports & Fitness / Walking Branded Data / Internet Buyer / Ordered fitness apparel/equipment Branded Data / Internet Buyer / Ordered vitamins Branded Data / IRI CPG / Retailers / Drug / CVS Pharmacy Branded Data / IRI CPG / Retailers / Drug / Rite Aid Pharmacy Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Dairy / Cheese / Weight Watchers Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Frozen Food / Frozen Breakfast Food / Weight Watchers Smart Ones Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Frozen Food / Frozen Dinners/Entrees / Healthy Choice Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Frozen Food / Frozen Dinners/Entrees / Weight Watchers Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Frozen Food / Frozen Novelties / Wells Dairy Weight Watchers Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Frozen Food / Frozen Pizza / Weight Watchers Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Frozen Food / Ice Cream/Sherbet / Healthy Choice Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Acne Treatments Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Acne Treatments / Neutrogena Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Acne Treatments / Oxy Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Acne Treatments / Stridex Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Antacid Tablets Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Cold/Allergy/Sinus Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Advil Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Alka Seltzer Plus Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Allegra Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Benadryl Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Claritin Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Cold Eeze Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Coricidin HBP Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Mucinex Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Sudafed Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Tylenol Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Zicam Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Zyrtec Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Denture Products Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Denture Products / Efferdent Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Denture Products / Fixodent Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / External Analgesics Rubs Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / External Analgesics Rubs / Aspercreme Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / External Analgesics Rubs / Salonpas Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Facial Anti-Aging Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Facial Anti-Aging / Garnier Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Facial Anti-Aging / Olay Regenerist Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Facial Anti-Aging / Roc Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Facial Cleansers Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Facial Cleansers / Biore Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Facial Cleansers / Cetaphil Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Facial Cleansers / Johnsons Clean & Clear Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Facial Cleansers / Neutrogena Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Facial Cleansers / Noxzema Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Facial Cleansers / Olay Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Facial Cleansers / St Ives Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Facial Moisturizers Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Facial Moisturizers / Olay Complete Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Pain Relief Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Pain Relief / Aleve Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Pain Relief / Bayer Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Pain Relief / Excedrin Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Pain Relief / Goodys Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Pain Relief / Motrin Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Pain Relief / St Joseph Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Pain Relief / Tylenol Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Pantyhose/Nylons Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Skin Care Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Suntan Products Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Suntan Products / Coppertone Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Suntan Products / L'Oreal Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Suntan Products / Neutrogena Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Vitamins Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Vitamins / Airborne Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Vitamins / Caltrate Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Vitamins / Centrum Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Vitamins / Nature Made Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Vitamins / Schiff Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Health & Beauty / Weight Control Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Household / Dental Care Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Household / Dental Care / Aquafresh Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Household / Dental Care / Arm & Hammer Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Household / Dental Care / Colgate Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Household / Dental Care / Crest Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Household / Dental Care / Johnson & Johnsn Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Household / Dental Care / Oral B Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Household / Dental Care / Reach Access Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Household / Dental Care / Sensodyne Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Shelf Stable Food / Dry Packaged Dinners / Healthy Choice Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Shelf Stable Food / Pasta / Ronzoni Healthy Harvest Branded Data / IRI ProScores CPG / Shelf Stable Food / Soup / Healthy Choice Branded Data / Japan / Health & Fitness Branded Data / Japan / Health & Fitness / Exercise Enthusiasts Branded Data / Kantar Media - TGI / Finance / Home/Health/Life Assurance Branded Data / Kantar Media - TGI / Finance / Home/Health/Life Assurance / Assurance Policy YES Branded Data / Kantar Media - TGI / Finance / Home/Health/Life Assurance / Financial Services Influence Branded Data / Kantar Media - TGI / Finance / Home/Health/Life Assurance / Have Mortgage Branded Data / Kantar Media - TGI / Finance / Home/Health/Life Assurance / Insurance Policy YES Branded Data / Kantar Media - TGI / TV Viewing / Weekly Viewing Weight Branded Data / Kantar Media - TGI / TV Viewing / Weekly Viewing Weight / Heavy - 40+ hrs Branded Data / Kantar Media - TGI / TV Viewing / Weekly Viewing Weight / Light / Non < 20 hrs Branded Data / Korea / Health & Fitness Branded Data / Korea / Health & Fitness / Exercise Enthusiasts Branded Data / Lifestyle / Donor / Health Causes Donor Branded Data / Lifestyle / Donors / Health Causes Donor Branded Data / Lifestyle / Health Branded Data / Lifestyle / Healthy Lifestyle Enthusiasts Branded Data / Lifestyle / Healthy Living Branded Data / Lifestyle / Hobby / Health & Wellbeing Enthusiast Branded Data / Lifestyle / Interest / Dieting Branded Data / Lifestyle / Interest / Dieting / Dieting/Weight Loss Branded Data / Lifestyle / Interest / Dieting / Healthy Living Branded Data / Lifestyle / Interest / Fitness and Exercise Branded Data / Lifestyle / Interest / Food & Entertainment / Healthy Foods Branded Data / Lifestyle / Interest / Healthy Foods Branded Data / Lifestyle / Interest / Publications / Health & Fitness Publications Branded Data / Lifestyle / Interest / Sports & Activities / Fitness & Exercise Branded Data / Lifestyle / Interest / Weight Loss Branded Data / Lifestyle / Profession / Medicine Branded Data / Lifestyle / Retail Transactional Data / Health Branded Data / Lifestyle / Retail Transactional Data / Health / Vitamin and Health Product Purchasers Branded Data / Lifestyle / Sport / Fitness Enthusiast Branded Data / Lifestyle / Sport / Weightlifting Branded Data / Lifestyle / Sports & Fitness Branded Data / Lifestyle / Sports & Fitness / Adrenaline Seekers Branded Data / Lifestyle / Sports & Fitness / Fitness Enthusiast Branded Data / Lifestyle / Sports & Fitness / Outdoor Enthusiasts Branded Data / Lifestyle / Sports & Fitness / Team Sports Enthusiast Branded Data / Lifestyle / The Fitness Buff Branded Data / Lifestyle and Interests / Donor / Contributes to Health Charities - Expanded Branded Data / Lifestyle and Interests / Donor / Contributes to Health Charities - Precision Branded Data / Lifestyle and Interests / Financial Behavior / Medical Insurance Policy Holders - Expanded Branded Data / Lifestyle and Interests / Financial Behavior / Medical Insurance Policy Holders - Precision Branded Data / Lifestyle and Interests / Fitness Branded Data / Lifestyle and Interests / Fitness / Avid Runners - Expanded Branded Data / Lifestyle and Interests / Fitness / Avid Runners - Precision Branded Data / Lifestyle and Interests / Fitness / Fitness Enthusiast - Expanded Branded Data / Lifestyle and Interests / Fitness / Fitness Enthusiast - Precision Branded Data / Lifestyle and Interests / Health and Diet Branded Data / Lifestyle and Interests / Health and Diet / Healthy Living - Expanded Branded Data / Lifestyle and Interests / Health and Diet / Healthy Living - Precision Branded Data / Lifestyle and Interests / Health and Diet / On a Diet - Expanded Branded Data / Lifestyle and Interests / Health and Diet / On a Diet - Precision Branded Data / Lifestyle and Interests / Health and Diet / Weight Conscious - Expanded Branded Data / Lifestyle and Interests / Health and Diet / Weight Conscious - Precision Branded Data / Lifestyle and Interests / Moms / Fitness Mothers Branded Data / Lifestyles / Healthy and Fit Branded Data / Magazine Subscribers / Adult Health Magazines Branded Data / Magazine Subscribers / Ailment Related Magazines Branded Data / Magazine Subscribers / Children's Health Magazines Branded Data / Magazine Subscribers / Diet Magazines Branded Data / Magazine Subscribers / Fitness Magazines Branded Data / Magazine Subscribers / Health & Fitness Magazines Branded Data / Malaysia / Health & Fitness Branded Data / Malaysia / Health & Fitness / Exercise Enthusiasts Branded Data / Malaysia / Health & Fitness / Runners & Cyclists Branded Data / Malaysia / Retail / Beauty, Health & Grocery Shoppers Branded Data / Malaysia / Retail / Pharmacy Patrons Branded Data / MD+ / Nurses / CNAs/Certified Nursing Aide Branded Data / MD+ / Nurses / Public Health Nurses Branded Data / Media and Entertainment / Magazines / Health/Fitness Branded Data / Media and Entertainment / TV Genres / Health & Wellness Branded Data / Medical Insurance Branded Data / Medical Insurance / AARP Branded Data / Medical Insurance / Aetna Branded Data / Medical Insurance / AFLAC Branded Data / Medical Insurance / BlueCross BlueShield Branded Data / Medical Insurance / Cigna Branded Data / Medical Insurance / Health Net Branded Data / Medical Insurance / Humana Branded Data / Medical Insurance / Kaiser Permanente Branded Data / Medical Insurance / MetLife Branded Data / Medical Insurance / Mutual of Omaha Branded Data / Medical Insurance / Oxford Branded Data / Medical Insurance / PPO (Preferred Provider Organization) Branded Data / Medical Insurance / State Farm Branded Data / Medical Insurance / United Healthcare Branded Data / Mobile App Categories / Health & Fitness Branded Data / Mobile App Users by Category / Health and Fitness Branded Data / Mobile In-Market / Retail / Health & Beauty Shoppers Branded Data / Mobile Lifestyle & Interests / Health & Fitness Branded Data / Mobile Lifestyle & Interests / Health & Fitness / Dieters Branded Data / Mobile Lifestyle & Interests / Health & Fitness / Fitness Enthusiasts Branded Data / New Zealand / Health & Fitness Branded Data / New Zealand / Health & Fitness / Exercise Enthusiasts Branded Data / OGURY / App Ownership / Apps / Health & Fitness Branded Data / OGURY / Brand Affinity / CVS/pharmacy Branded Data / OGURY / Brand Affinity / Quality Health Branded Data / OGURY / Brand Affinity / Weight Watchers Branded Data / Omnibus / Beauty / Diet Branded Data / Omnibus / Home Electronics / Health Appliances Branded Data / Omnibus / Interest / Health and Medical Care Branded Data / Omnibus / Interest / Healthy Lifestyles Branded Data / OmniDIGITAL by MeritDirect / Products Services / Group Health Branded Data / OmniDIGITAL by MeritDirect / Products Services / Health Care Branded Data / OmniDIGITAL by MeritDirect / Products Services / Individual Health Branded Data / OmniDIGITAL by MeritDirect / SIC2 code / Health Services (80) Branded Data / One Audience / App Categories / Health & Fitness Branded Data / One Audience / In-Market / Retail / Health & Beauty Shoppers Branded Data / One Audience / Lifestyle & Interestes / Health & Fitness Branded Data / One Audience / Lifestyle & Interestes / Health & Fitness / Dieters Branded Data / One Audience / Lifestyle & Interestes / Health & Fitness / Fitness Enthusiasts Branded Data / Online Behaviors / Food & Drink / Health Or Lowfat Cooking Branded Data / Online Behaviors / Health & Fitness Branded Data / Online Buyer / Personal Health Branded Data / Passionate About / Arts & Entertainment / Reading / Health Branded Data / Passionate About / Health & Beauty Branded Data / Passionate About / Health & Beauty / Beauty Products Branded Data / Passionate About / Health & Beauty / Fitness Branded Data / Passionate About / Health & Beauty / Fitness / Aerobics Branded Data / Passionate About / Health & Beauty / Fitness / Running Branded Data / Passionate About / Health & Beauty / Fitness / Walking Branded Data / Passionate About / Health & Beauty / Weight Loss Branded Data / Past Purchase / Vitamins/Health Products Branded Data / Past Purchase / Vitamins/Health Products / Dollars Spent: $1-$30 Branded Data / Past Purchase / Vitamins/Health Products / Dollars Spent: $219-$9,999 Branded Data / Past Purchase / Vitamins/Health Products / Dollars Spent: $31-$218 Branded Data / Past Purchase / Vitamins/Health Products / Dollars Spent: 1-30 Branded Data / Past Purchase / Vitamins/Health Products / Dollars Spent: 219-9999 Branded Data / Past Purchase / Vitamins/Health Products / Dollars Spent: 31-218 Branded Data / Past Purchase / Vitamins/Health Products / Number of Purchases: 5-999 Branded Data / Past Purchase / Vitamins/Health Products / Power Buyer Branded Data / Past Purchases / Health & Beauty Products Branded Data / Personal Care / Fitness Branded Data / Personal Care / Fitness / Gyms Branded Data / Personal Care / Fitness / Personal Training Branded Data / Personal Care / Health and Wellness Branded Data / Personal Care / Healthcare Branded Data / Personal Care / Healthy Living Branded Data / Personal Care / Men's Health and Fitness Branded Data / Personal Care / Women's Health and Fitness Branded Data / Personal Finance / Health Insurance Branded Data / Personal Finance / Health Insurance / AARP Branded Data / Personal Finance / Health Insurance / Aetna Branded Data / Personal Finance / Health Insurance / Blue Cross/Blue Shield Branded Data / Personal Finance / Health Insurance / Cigna Branded Data / Personal Finance / Health Insurance / Flexible Spending Account Branded Data / Personal Finance / Health Insurance / Humana Branded Data / Personal Finance / Health Insurance / Kaiser Permanente Branded Data / Personal Finance / Health Insurance / POS (Point-Of-Service) Branded Data / Personal Finance / Health Insurance / Unitedhealthcare Branded Data / Personal Influence / Dieting Branded Data / Personal Influence / Healthcare Branded Data / Personal Influence / Healthy Lifestyle Branded Data / Personal Influence / Physical Fitness Branded Data / Philanthropy (Charity) / Health and Well-Being Branded Data / Philippines / Health & Fitness Branded Data / Philippines / Health & Fitness / Exercise Enthusiasts Branded Data / Philippines / Retail / Beauty, Health & Grocery Shoppers Branded Data / Premium / Food / Cooking / Healthy Meals Branded Data / Premium / Food / Foods (CPG) / Health Bars Branded Data / Premium / Food / Foods / Health Bars Branded Data / Premium / Health Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Beauty Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Beauty / Fitness Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Beauty / Yoga Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Medical Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Medical / Health Conditions Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Medical / Health Conditions / Aches & Pains Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Medical / Health Conditions / Allergies Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Medical / Health Conditions / Cold & Flu Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Medical / Health Conditions / Sleep Issues Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Medical / Health Conditions / Stomach Issues Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Medical / Healthcare Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Medical / Medical Terms Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Medical / Medical Terms / General Practice Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Medical / Medical Terms / Medical Facilities Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Medical / Medical Terms / Medical Procedures Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Medical / Medical Terms / Nurse Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Medical / Medicine Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Medical / Medicine / Cold & Flu Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Medical / Medicine / Vision Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Medical / Specialties Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Medical / Specialties / Bariatrics Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Medical / Specialties / Dentistry Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Medical / Specialties / Dermatology Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Medical / Specialties / Geriatrics Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Medical / Specialties / Internist Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Medical / Specialties / Optometry & Opthamology Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Medical / Specialties / Pediatry Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Medical / Specialties / Urologist Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Wellness Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Wellness / First Aid Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Wellness / Homeopathy Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Wellness / Massage & Spa Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Wellness / Nutrition Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Wellness / Vitamins & Minerals Branded Data / Premium / Health / Health & Wellness / Weight Loss Branded Data / Premium / Health / Social Branded Data / Premium / Health / Social / Health Influencers Branded Data / Premium / Health / Social / Health Shoppers Branded Data / Premium / Health / Social / Health Video Engagers Branded Data / Premium / Health & Wellbeing Branded Data / Premium / Health & Wellbeing / Premium Fitness & Exercise Branded Data / Premium / Health & Wellbeing / Premium Health & Wellbeing Branded Data / Premium / Health & Wellbeing / Premium Health Wellness & Fitness Branded Data / Premium / Health & Wellbeing / Premium Health, Wellness & Fitness Branded Data / Premium / Health & Wellbeing / Premium Self-Improvement Branded Data / Premium / Health & Wellbeing / Premium Weight Loss Branded Data / Premium / Interest / Seasonal Retail / Health and Beauty Branded Data / Premium / Lifestyles / Healthy & Fit Branded Data / Premium / Products & Services Propensities / Premium Health Insurance - Propensity Branded Data / Premium / Shoppers In Market / By Interest Vertical / Health Branded Data / Premium / Shoppers In-Market / By Interest Vertical / Health Branded Data / Premium / Social / Social Influencers / Health Branded Data / Premium / Social / Video / Video Engagers / Health Branded Data / Premium / Sports / Outdoors / Fitness Branded Data / Premium / U.S.Political / Issues / Healthcare Branded Data / Premium / U.S.Political / Issues / Welfare Branded Data / Premium Product / Fitness/Exercise Product Buyer Branded Data / Premium Product / Health Product Buyer Branded Data / Products & Services Propensities / Health Insurance - Propensity Branded Data / Profession / Health Care Branded Data / Profession / Health Services Branded Data / Profession / Pharmacist / Pharmacy Branded Data / Psychographic/Attitudes / Health and Diet Attitudes Branded Data / Psychographic/Attitudes / Health and Diet Attitudes / Image Leader - Expanded Branded Data / Psychographic/Attitudes / Health and Diet Attitudes / Image Leader - Precision Branded Data / Psychographic/Attitudes / Health and Well Being Branded Data / Psychographic/Attitudes / Health and Well Being / Healthy Holistics Branded Data / Psychographic/Attitudes / Health and Well Being / Image Shapers Branded Data / Psychographic/Attitudes / Health and Well Being / Invincibles Branded Data / Psychographic/Attitudes / Health and Well Being / Weight Reformers Branded Data / Purchase Based / Health and Beauty Branded Data / Purchase Based / Health and Beauty / Drug and Pharmacy Branded Data / Purchase Based / Health and Beauty / Eye Care Goods and Services Branded Data / Purchase Based / Health and Beauty / Gyms and Fitness Branded Data / Purchase Based / Health and Beauty / Hair Salons Branded Data / Purchase Based / Health and Beauty / Spas Branded Data / Purchase Based / Health and Beauty / Specialty Health and Nutrition Branded Data / Purchase Based / Seasonal and Holiday / Black Friday and Cyber Monday Shoppers / Health and Beauthy Branded Data / Purchase Based / Seasonal and Holiday / New Years Resolutions / Lapsed Fitness Branded Data / Purchase Based / Seasonal and Holiday / New Years Resolutions / Lapsed Healthy Eating Branded Data / Purchase Based / Seasonal and Holiday / New Years Resolutions / No Fitness Branded Data / Purchase Based / Seasonal and Holiday / Winter Holiday / Health and Beauty Branded Data / Purchase Behavior / Health and Beauty Branded Data / Purchase Behavior / Health and Beauty / Personal Care Products Branded Data / Purchase Behaviors / Exercise Branded Data / Purchase Behaviors / Exercise / Aerobic Branded Data / Purchase Behaviors / Exercise / Running/Jogging Branded Data / Purchase Behaviors / Exercise / Walking Branded Data / Purchase Behaviors / Health & Wellness Branded Data / Purchase Behaviors / Health & Wellness / Beauty Branded Data / Purchase Behaviors / Health & Wellness / Dieting & Weight Loss Branded Data / Purchase Behaviors / Health & Wellness / Fitness Branded Data / Purchase Predictors / All Channels / Personal Health Branded Data / Purchase Predictors / Brick and Mortar / Personal Health Branded Data / Purchase Predictors / Online / Personal Health Branded Data / Purchases / Personal Health Branded Data / Purchases / Vitamin & Health Products Branded Data / Purchasing Interest / Alternate Health Purchasing Interest Branded Data / Purchasing Interest / Diet Purchasing Interest Branded Data / Purchasing Interest / Health Products Purchasing Interest Branded Data / Purchasing Interest / Heart Health Products Purchasing Interest Branded Data / Purchasing Interest / Joint Health Products Purchasing Interest Branded Data / Purchasing Interest / Natural Health Products Purchasing Interest Branded Data / Purchasing Interest / Vitamins Purchasing Interest Branded Data / Ready to Buy - Email Engagers / Health, Life & Auto Insurance Shoppers Branded Data / Regulation B (Reg B) Friendly Audiences / Insurance / Account Holders / Employer Health Insurance Branded Data / Regulation B (Reg B) Friendly Audiences / Insurance / Account Holders / Healthcare Marketplace Branded Data / Regulation B (Reg B) Friendly Audiences / Insurance / In Market / Health Insurance Branded Data / Restaurants / Types of Food / Healthy Food Branded Data / Retail / Categories / Fitness Buyers Branded Data / Retail / Categories / Fitness Buyers / Cyclists Branded Data / Retail / Categories / Fitness Buyers / Runners Branded Data / Retail / Categories / Health and Wellness Buyers Branded Data / Retail / Categories / Health and Wellness Buyers / Natural Wellness Branded Data / Retail / Categories / Health and Wellness Buyers / Weight Loss and Supplements Branded Data / Retail / Health & Wellness Buyers Branded Data / Retail / Health & Wellness Buyers / Natural Wellness Branded Data / Retail / Health and Beauty Branded Data / Retail / Health and Beauty / Vitamins and Supplements Branded Data / Retail / Health and Beauty / Vitamins and Supplements / GNC Branded Data / Retail / Health and Beauty / Vitamins and Supplements / GNC / Frequent Branded Data / Retail / Health and Beauty / Vitamins and Supplements / GNC / Recent Branded Data / Retail / Pharmacies / CVS Pharmacy Branded Data / Retail / Pharmacies / CVS Pharmacy - Recent Branded Data / Retail / Proximity (Locations) / Retailers / Accessories / Pearle Vision Branded Data / Retail / Proximity (Locations) / Retailers / Nutritional Supplements Branded Data / Retail / Proximity (Locations) / Retailers / Nutritional Supplements / GNC (General Nutrition Centers) Branded Data / Retail / Proximity (Locations) / Retailers / Nutritional Supplements / Jenny Craig Branded Data / Retail / Proximity (Locations) / Retailers / Nutritional Supplements / Max Muscle Branded Data / Retail / Proximity (Locations) / Retailers / Nutritional Supplements / Medifast Branded Data / Retail / Proximity (Locations) / Retailers / Nutritional Supplements / The Vitamin Shoppe Branded Data / Retail / Proximity (Locations) / Retailers / Nutritional Supplements / Vitamin World Branded Data / Retail / Proximity (Locations) / Retailers / Nutritional Supplements / Weight Watchers Branded Data / Retail / Sports & Outdoors / Fitness Branded Data / Retail / Sports & Outdoors / Fitness / Fitness Equipment Branded Data / Retail / Sports & Outdoors / Fitness / Running Branded Data / Retail / Sports & Outdoors / Fitness / Swimming Branded Data / Retail / Sports & Outdoors / Fitness / Yoga Branded Data / Retail / Sports & Outdoors Buyers / Fitness Branded Data / Scanbuy / Health & Fitness Branded Data / Scanbuy / Health & Fitness / Exercise Branded Data / Scanbuy / Health & Fitness / Exercise / Fitness Devices Branded Data / Scanbuy / Health & Fitness / Exercise / Hiking Branded Data / Scanbuy / Health & Fitness / Exercise / Running Branded Data / Scanbuy / Health & Fitness / Pharmacy Patrons Branded Data / Scanbuy / Health & Fitness / Weight Loss Branded Data / Seasonal / New Year's / New Year's Resolutions / Exercise & Stay Fit Branded Data / Seasonal / New Year's / New Year's Resolutions / Lose Weight Branded Data / Seasonal / Winter Seasonal / Cold and Flu Sufferers Branded Data / Seasonal / Winter Seasonal / New Year's Resolutions: Weight Loss Branded Data / Senior Market / Health Conscious Seniors Branded Data / Senior Market / Seniors with a Mind for Fitness & Exercise Branded Data / Services / Beauty & Health Branded Data / Services / Beauty & Health / Beauty / Hairdressing Salons Branded Data / Shopper Currently Seeking / Financial Products / Insurance / Health Branded Data / Shopping / Dieters Attitude Branded Data / Shopping / Fitness Resolution Branded Data / Shopping / Grocery Shoppers / Shopper Food & Pharmacy Shopper Branded Data / Shopping / Pharmacy Shoppers Branded Data / Shopping / Pharmacy Shoppers / CVS Pharmacy Shopper Branded Data / Shopping / Pharmacy Shoppers / Duane Reade Shopper Branded Data / Shopping / Pharmacy Shoppers / Rite Aid Shopper Branded Data / Shopping / Pharmacy Shoppers / Walgreens Shopper Branded Data / SIC2 code / Health Services (80) Branded Data / Singapore / Health & Fitness Branded Data / Singapore / Health & Fitness / Exercise Enthusiasts Branded Data / Singapore / Health & Fitness / Runners & Cyclists Branded Data / Singapore / Retail / Beauty, Health & Grocery Shoppers Branded Data / Singapore / Retail / Pharmacy Patrons Branded Data / SMS / Customer Modeled / Health Branded Data / SMS / Donors / Health Causes Branded Data / SMS / Purchase Behaviors / Exercise Branded Data / SMS / Purchase Behaviors / Exercise / Aerobic Branded Data / SMS / Purchase Behaviors / Exercise / Running/Jogging Branded Data / SMS / Purchase Behaviors / Exercise / Walking Branded Data / SMS / Purchase Behaviors / Health & Wellness Branded Data / SMS / Purchase Behaviors / Health & Wellness / Beauty Branded Data / SMS / Purchase Behaviors / Health & Wellness / Dieting & Weight Loss Branded Data / SMS / Purchase Behaviors / Health & Wellness / Fitness Branded Data / Spending Model / Personal Health Branded Data / Sports & Fitness Branded Data / Sports & Fitness / Aerobics Branded Data / Sports & Fitness / Auto / Motorcycle Racing Branded Data / Sports & Fitness / Baseball Branded Data / Sports & Fitness / Basketball Branded Data / Sports & Fitness / Camping / Hiking Branded Data / Sports & Fitness / Fitness Branded Data / Sports & Fitness / Football Branded Data / Sports & Fitness / Golf Branded Data / Sports & Fitness / Great Outdoors Branded Data / Sports & Fitness / Healthy Living Branded Data / Sports & Fitness / Running Branded Data / Sports & Fitness / Scuba Diving Branded Data / Sports & Fitness / Snow Skiing Branded Data / Sports & Fitness / Soccer Branded Data / Sports & Fitness / Sporting Interest Branded Data / Sports & Fitness / Walking Branded Data / Sports & Fitness / Weight Lifting Branded Data / Subscribers / Category / Health magazine Branded Data / Super Spenders / Health Care Branded Data / Super Spenders / Health Care / Blue Cross Blue Shield Branded Data / Super Spenders / Health Care / Commercial Health Insurance Branded Data / Super Spenders / Health Care / Commercial, Medicare Supplements & Other Health Insurance Branded Data / Super Spenders / Health Care / Dental Services Branded Data / Super Spenders / Health Care / Eyecare Services Branded Data / Super Spenders / Health Care / Health Insurance Branded Data / Super Spenders / Health Care / Health Maintenance Organization Not BCBS Branded Data / Super Spenders / Health Care / Healthcare Branded Data / Super Spenders / Health Care / Medical Services Branded Data / Super Spenders / Health Care / Medical Supplies Branded Data / Super Spenders / Health Care / Nonprescription Drugs Branded Data / Super Spenders / Health Care / Nonprescription Vitamins Branded Data / Super Spenders / Health Care / Prescription Drugs Branded Data / Super Spenders / Health Care / Vitamin Supplements Branded Data / Super Spenders / Insurance & Financial / Commercial Health Insurance Branded Data / Super Spenders / Insurance & Financial / Commercial, Medicare Supplements & Other Health Insurance Branded Data / Super Spenders / Insurance & Financial / Health Insurance Branded Data / Super Spenders / Insurance & Financial / Health Maintenance Organization Not BCBS Branded Data / Super Spenders / Retail & Services / Athletic Gear, Game Tables & Exercise Equipment Branded Data / Supply & Demand Data / Health & Personal Care Branded Data / Thailand / Health & Fitness Branded Data / Thailand / Health & Fitness / Exercise Enthusiasts Branded Data / Thailand / Retail / Beauty, Health & Grocery Shoppers Branded Data / Thailand / Retail / Pharmacy Patrons Branded Data / Transactions / Electronics / Healthcare Branded Data / Transactions / Health & Wellness Branded Data / Transactions / Health & Wellness / Diagnostic Products Branded Data / Transactions / Health & Wellness / Drugstore Branded Data / Transactions / Health & Wellness / Health Foods Branded Data / Transactions / Health & Wellness / Mobility products Branded Data / Transactions / Health & Wellness / Supplements Branded Data / Transactions / Health & Wellness / Weight-loss Products Branded Data / Transactions / Medical Products / Dental Equipment & Supplies Branded Data / Transactions / Personal Services / Healthcare Branded Data / Transactions / Pharmacy Supplies Branded Data / UK / Wellness Branded Data / UK / Wellness / Gyms & Fitness Clubs Branded Data / UK Data / Demographics / Charity / Children Welfare Branded Data / UK Data / Demographics / Hobbies/Interests / Exercise Branded Data / UK Data / Demographics / Hobbies/Interests / Healthy Eating Branded Data / UK Data / Demographics / Hobbies/Interests / Vitamins Branded Data / UK Data / L1 Affinity / Health & Beauty Branded Data / US / Health & Fitness Branded Data / US / Health & Fitness / Diet & Weight Loss Branded Data / US / Health & Fitness / Exercise Enthusiasts Branded Data / US / Health & Fitness / Runners & Cyclists Branded Data / US / Holiday / Women's Health & Beauty Shoppers Branded Data / US / Retail / Beauty, Health & Grocery Shoppers Branded Data / US / Retail / Pharmacy Patrons Branded Data / US / Seasonal / New Year's Diet & Fitness Resolutions Branded Data / US / Wellness Branded Data / US / Wellness / Gyms & Fitness Clubs: High Spenders Branded Data / US / Wellness / Salon & Spa: High Spenders Branded Data / US Data / L1 Affinity / Health & Beauty Branded Data / US Data / Nonprofit Donations / Health Branded Data / US Data / Publishing / Health Branded Data / US Data / Retail / Health Branded Data / US Data / Seasonal / Seasonal Allergies Branded Data / USA / US Plunge Digital / Interest / Brand Affinity / Nonprofit / American Foundation for Suicide Prevention Branded Data / USA / US Plunge Digital / Interest / Brand Affinity / Nonprofit / Autism Speaks Branded Data / USA / US Plunge Digital / Interest / Brand Affinity / Nonprofit / Cystic Fibrosis Foundation Branded Data / USA / US Plunge Digital / Interest / Brand Affinity / Nonprofit / Dana-Farber Cancer Institute Branded Data / USA / US Plunge Digital / Interest / Brand Affinity / Nonprofit / DAV (Disabled American Veterans) Charitable Service Trust Branded Data / V12 Group / Buyers / Diet & Weight Loss Branded Data / V12 Group / Buyers / Health & Beauty Products Branded Data / V12 Group / CPG / Nutrition/WeightLoss Branded Data / V12 Group / CPG / Nutrition/WeightLoss / Adult Nutrition & Weight Control Branded Data / V12 Group / CPG / Nutrition/WeightLoss / Diet & Weight Loss Branded Data / V12 Group / CPG / Nutrition/WeightLoss / Men's Nutrition & Weight Control Branded Data / V12 Group / CPG / Nutrition/WeightLoss / Women's Nutrition & Weight Control Branded Data / V12 Group / CPG / OTC Medicine/Cough & Cold Branded Data / V12 Group / CPG / OTC Medicine/Cough & Cold / Brand Cough & Cold Branded Data / V12 Group / CPG / OTC Medicine/Cough & Cold / Cough And Cold Branded Data / V12 Group / CPG / OTC Medicine/Cough & Cold / First Aid & Emergency Supplies Branded Data / V12 Group / CPG / OTC Medicine/Cough & Cold / Generic Cough & Cold Branded Data / V12 Group / CPG / OTC Medicine/Cough & Cold / Kids Cough & Cold Branded Data / V12 Group / CPG / OTC Medicine/Cough & Cold / OTC - Brand Pain Relievers Branded Data / V12 Group / CPG / OTC Medicine/Cough & Cold / OTC - Kids Pain Relievers Branded Data / V12 Group / CPG / OTC Medicine/Cough & Cold / OTC - Pain Relievers Branded Data / V12 Group / CPG / OTC Medicine/Cough & Cold / OTC- Generic Pain Relievers Branded Data / V12 Group / Demographic / Lifestyles / Contributors / Health Branded Data / V12 Group / Demographic / Lifestyles / Read Natural Health Branded Data / V12 Group / Entertainment / Magazine Readers / Medical/Health Branded Data / V12 Group / Profession / Dental Assistant / Hygenist Branded Data / V12 Group / Profession / Health Care Branded Data / V12 Group / Profession / Health Services Branded Data / V12 Group / Profession / Pharmacist / Pharmacy Branded Data / V12 Group / Sports & Fitness Branded Data / V12 Group / Sports & Fitness / Baseball Branded Data / V12 Group / Sports & Fitness / Basketball Branded Data / V12 Group / Sports & Fitness / Fitness Branded Data / V12 Group / Sports & Fitness / Football Branded Data / V12 Group / Sports & Fitness / Golf Branded Data / V12 Group / Sports & Fitness / Great Outdoors Branded Data / V12 Group / Sports & Fitness / Healthy Living Branded Data / V12 Group / Sports & Fitness / Running Branded Data / V12 Group / Sports & Fitness / Scuba Diving Branded Data / V12 Group / Sports & Fitness / Snow Skiing Branded Data / V12 Group / Sports & Fitness / Sporting Interest Branded Data / Vietnam / Health & Fitness Branded Data / Vietnam / Health & Fitness / Exercise Enthusiasts Branded Data / VisaVue Audiences powered by DLX / Seasonal / New Year's Diet & Fitness Resolutions Branded Data / VisaVue Audiences powered by DLX / Wellness Branded Data / VisaVue Audiences powered by DLX / Wellness / Gyms & Fitness Clubs: High Spenders Branded Data / VisaVue Audiences powered by DLX / Wellness / Salon & Spa: High Spenders Branded Data / Vitamins & Nutrition Branded Data / Way of Life - Lifestyle / Health Conscious Branded Data / Way of Life - Lifestyle / Low Fat Dieters Branded Data / Way of Life - Lifestyle / Low Sugar Dieters Branded Data / Way of Life / Health Conscious Branded Data / Way of Life / Low Fat Dieters Branded Data / Way of Life / Low Sugar Dieters Branded Data / Wealth Window / Donors & Philanthropists / Health Causes Branded Data / Wealth Window / Lifestyle/Interest / Fitness Buffs BrandProduct / Dairy / Yogurt Spoonable / Fresh, Weight Watchers BrandProduct / Dairy / Yogurt Spoonable / Fresh, Weight Watchers Yogurt BrandProduct / Dessert / Dairy Based / Fresh, Weight Watchers BrandProduct / Fish / Fish Natural, Whole/Fillet/Smoked / Fresh Fixd Weight, Private Label BrandProduct / Health BrandProduct / Health / General Analgesics BrandProduct / Health / General Analgesics / Capsules/Gum/Tablets, Galpharm BrandProduct / Health / General Analgesics / Capsules/Gum/Tablets, Private Label BrandProduct / Health / Health Supplements BrandProduct / Health / Health Supplements / Combinations, Capsules/Tablets, Private Label BrandProduct / Health / Plasters Precut, Private Label BrandProduct / Health / Vitamin Supplements BrandProduct / Health / Vitamin Supplements / Capsules/Tablets, Private Label BrandProduct / Sugar/Candy / Cough/Throat Sweets BrandProduct / Sugar/Candy / Cough/Throat Sweets / Jakemans Throat BrandProduct / Sugar/Candy / Cough/Throat Sweets / Jakemans Throat / Chest Relief BrandProduct / Sugar/Candy / Cough/Throat Sweets / Non Medicated, Jakemans BrandProduct / Vegetables / Natural / Sprouting, Frsh Fxd Weight, Private Label Brazil (BR) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Interest (Affinity) / Eating Styles / Healthy Brazil (BR) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products Brazil (BR) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Eye Care Brazil (BR) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Feminine Care Brazil (BR) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Hair Care Brazil (BR) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Oral Care (Dental Care) Brazil (BR) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Skin Care Brazil (BR) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Vitamins Brazil (BR) / Financial Services / Insurance / Interest (Affinity) / Health Insurance Brazil (BR) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness Brazil (BR) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise Brazil (BR) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness Brazil (BR) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness / Alternative Medicine Brazil (BR) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness / Dieting and Weight Loss Brazil (BR) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness / Nutrition Brazil (BR) / Lifestyles / Enthusiasts / Healthy Living Brazil (BR) / Retail / In-Market / Health and Fitness Brazil (BR) / Retail / In-Market / Health and Fitness / Fitness Brazil (BR) / Retail / Purchase-Based / Categories / Health and Fitness Buyers Brazil (BR) / Retail / Purchase-Based / Categories / Health and Fitness Buyers / Fitness BRAZIL / Activation Segment / Diet (EN), Dieta (ES), Dieta (PT) BRAZIL / Activation Segment / Healthy eating (EN), Alimentacion saludable (ES), Alimentacao saudavel (PT) Brazil / Health BRAZIL / Interest / Health (EN), Salud (ES), Saude (PT) BRAZIL / Life Style / Fitness and Wellness (EN), Deportista (ES), Esportista (PT) BRAZIL / Microsegment / Supervisors (EN), Supervisores (ES), Supervisores (PT) Buyers of Healthy Choice Frozen Entrées BuyStyles / Fresh and Healthy BuyStyles / Weight Conscious Canada (CA) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Interest (Affinity) / Eating Styles / Healthy Canada (CA) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products Canada (CA) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Eye Care Canada (CA) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Feminine Care Canada (CA) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Hair Care Canada (CA) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Oral Care Canada (CA) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Skin Care Canada (CA) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Vitamins Canada (CA) / Financial Services / Insurance / Interest (Affinity) / Health Insurance Canada (CA) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness Canada (CA) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise Canada (CA) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise / Gyms Canada (CA) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise / Running and Jogging Canada (CA) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness Canada (CA) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness / Dieting and Weight Loss Canada (CA) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness / Nutrition Canada (CA) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Politics and Society / Charity and Giving / Causes / Health and Well-Being Canada (CA) / Lifestyles / Enthusiasts / Healthy Living Canada (CA) / Retail / In-Market / Health and Fitness Canada (CA) / Retail / In-Market / Health and Fitness / Fitness Canada (CA) / Retail / Purchase-Based / Categories / Health and Fitness Buyers Canada (CA) / Retail / Purchase-Based / Categories / Health and Fitness Buyers / Fitness Canada / Department Store Visitors / Pharmacy Visitors Canada / Dieting and Weight Loss Canada / Finance & Money / Insurance / Health Insurance Canada / Food & Beverages / Health Food Canada / Food & Beverages / Health Food / Gluten Free Food Canada / Health and Fitness Canada / Lifestyle / Healthy Living Canada / Lifestyle / Healthy Living / Extreme Activities Canada / Lifestyle / Healthy Living / New Age Enthusiasts Canada / Lifestyle / Healthy Living / Protein Powder / Supplements Canada / Lifestyle / Healthy Living / Sports Enthusiasts Canada / Lifestyle / Healthy Living / Sports Enthusiasts / NCAA Enthusiasts Canada / Lifestyle / Healthy Living / Sports Enthusiasts / Olympic Enthusiasts Canada / Lifestyle / Healthy Living / Sports Enthusiasts / Super Bowl Enthusiasts Canada / Lifestyle / Healthy Living / Vitamin Consumers Canada / Personal or Health Insurance Canada / Premium / Family / Mothers Lifestyle / Fitness Mothers Canada / Premium / Lifestyle / Donors / Contributes to Health Charities Canada / Premium / Lifestyle / Health and Wellness Trends Enthusiasts / Actively Try New Health and Diet Trends Canada / Premium / Lifestyle / Health and Wellness Trends Enthusiasts / Actively Try New Health and Diet Trends / On a diet Canada / Premium / Past Purchase / Personal Care / Vitamins and Personal Health Products Canada / Premium / Past Purchase / Personal Care / Vitamins and Personal Health Products / Online Personal Health Product Buyers Canada / Premium / Past Purchase / Personal Care / Vitamins and Personal Health Products / Retail Personal Health Product Buyers Canada / Premium / Past Purchase / Personal Care / Vitamins and Personal Health Products / Vitamins and Personal Health Products Power Buyer Canada / Premium / Past Purchase / Personal Care / Vitamins and Personal Health Products / Vitamins and Personal Health Products Purchase of $1 - $30 Canada / Premium / Past Purchase / Personal Care / Vitamins and Personal Health Products / Vitamins and Personal Health Products Purchase of $219 - $9999 Canada / Premium / Past Purchase / Personal Care / Vitamins and Personal Health Products / Vitamins and Personal Health Products Purchase of $31 - $218 Canada / Sports / Fitness & Exercise Canada / Sports / Fitness & Exercise / Crossfit Canada / Sports / Fitness & Exercise / Gym Goers Canada / Sports / Fitness & Exercise / Joggers Runners Canada / Sports / Fitness & Exercise / Mixed Martial Arts Canada / Sports / Fitness & Exercise / Sports Apparel & Active Wear Canada / Sports / Fitness & Exercise / Yoga Pilates Canada / Weightlifting Career / Healthcare Careers / Health Science Majors Careers / Nursing Careers / Nursing Students Categories and Brands / Health and Beauty Products Categories and Brands / Health and Beauty Products / Allergy Relief Categories and Brands / Health and Beauty Products / Cold, Cough and Flu Relief Categories and Brands / Health and Beauty Products / Cold, Cough and Flu Relief / Halls Categories and Brands / Health and Beauty Products / Cold, Cough and Flu Relief / Mucinex Categories and Brands / Health and Beauty Products / Cold, Cough and Flu Relief / Vicks Categories and Brands / Health and Beauty Products / Eye Care Categories and Brands / Health and Beauty Products / Eye Care / Contact Lenses Categories and Brands / Health and Beauty Products / Feminine Care Categories and Brands / Health and Beauty Products / Gastrointestinal Categories and Brands / Health and Beauty Products / Gastrointestinal / Antacid Categories and Brands / Health and Beauty Products / Hair Care Categories and Brands / Health and Beauty Products / Oral Care Categories and Brands / Health and Beauty Products / Pain Relief Categories and Brands / Health and Beauty Products / Pain Relief / Advil Categories and Brands / Health and Beauty Products / Pain Relief / Aleve Categories and Brands / Health and Beauty Products / Pain Relief / Bayer Categories and Brands / Health and Beauty Products / Pain Relief / Tylenol Categories and Brands / Health and Beauty Products / Skin Care Categories and Brands / Health and Beauty Products / Sun Care Categories and Brands / Health and Beauty Products / Vitamins Categories and Brands / Health and Beauty Products / Vitamins / Nature Made Categories and Brands / Health and Beauty Products / Vitamins / Nature's Bounty Category / Health and Fitness Category / Health Products Category / Health Products / Heavy Shoppers Category / Health, Beauty & Baby Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Baby Care Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Baby Care / All Buyers Baby Care Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Diet Aids Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Diet Aids / All Buyers Diet Aids Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Face Care Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Face Care / All Buyers Face Care Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Hair Fixatives Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Hair Fixatives / All Buyers Hair Fixatives Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Haircare Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Haircare / All Buyers Haircare Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Haircare / All Buyers Haircare / Heavy Buyers Haircare Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Haircare / All Buyers Haircare / Light Buyers Haircare Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Haircare / All Buyers Haircare / Medium Buyers Haircare Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Haircare / Lapsed Buyers Haircare Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Haircare / Promo Buyers Haircare Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Household Paper Products Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Household Paper Products / All Buyers Household Paper Products Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Interdental Products Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Interdental Products / All Buyers Interdental Products Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Lip Care Products Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Lip Care Products / All Buyers Lip Care Products Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Nutritional Supplements Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Nutritional Supplements / All Buyers Nutritional Supplements Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Nutritional Supplements / All Buyers Nutritional Supplements / Heavy Buyers Nutritional Supplements Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Nutritional Supplements / All Buyers Nutritional Supplements / Light Buyers Nutritional Supplements Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Nutritional Supplements / All Buyers Nutritional Supplements / Medium Buyers Nutritional Supplements Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Nutritional Supplements / Lapsed Buyers Nutritional Supplements Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Nutritional Supplements / Non Buyers Nutritional Supplements Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Nutritional Supplements / Promo Buyers Nutritional Supplements Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Personal Paper Products Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Personal Paper Products / All Buyers Personal Paper Products Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Personal Paper Products / Heavy Buyers Personal Paper Products Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Personal Paper Products / Light Buyers Personal Paper Products Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Personal Paper Products / Medium Buyers Personal Paper Products Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Personal Wash Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Personal Wash / All Buyers Personal Wash Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Personal Wash / All Buyers Personal Wash / Heavy Buyers Personal Wash Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Personal Wash / All Buyers Personal Wash / Light Buyers Personal Wash Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Personal Wash / All Buyers Personal Wash / Medium Buyers Personal Wash Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Personal Wash / Buyers of Retailer Brands in Personal Wash Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Personal Wash / Lapsed Buyers Personal Wash Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Personal Wash / Promo Buyers Personal Wash Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Sanitary Protection Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Skin Care Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Skin Care / All Buyers Skin Care Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Skin Care / All Buyers Skin Care / Heavy Buyers Skin Care Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Skin Care / All Buyers Skin Care / Light Buyers Skin Care Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Skin Care / All Buyers Skin Care / Medium Buyers Skin Care Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Skin Care / Buyers of Retailer Brands in Skin Care Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Skin Care / Lapsed Buyers Skin Care Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Skin Care / Non Buyers Skin Care Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Skin Care / Promo Buyers Skin Care Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Skin Care Preparations Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Skin Care Preparations / All Buyers Skin Care Preparations Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Smoking Cessation Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Smoking Cessation / All Buyers Smoking Cessation Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Smoking Cessation / All Buyers Smoking Cessation / Heavy Buyers Smoking Cessation Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Smoking Cessation / All Buyers Smoking Cessation / Light Buyers Smoking Cessation Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Smoking Cessation / All Buyers Smoking Cessation / Medium Buyers Smoking Cessation Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Smoking Cessation / Non Buyers Smoking Cessation Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Vitamins & Herbals Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Vitamins & Herbals / All Buyers Vitamins & Herbals Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Vitamins Mnrls Hrbl Supplm Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Vitamins Mnrls Hrbl Supplm / All Buyers Vitamins Mnrls Hrbl Supplm Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Vitamins Mnrls Hrbl Supplm / All Buyers Vitamins Mnrls Hrbl Supplm / Heavy Buyers Vitamins Mnrls Hrbl Supplm Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Vitamins Mnrls Hrbl Supplm / All Buyers Vitamins Mnrls Hrbl Supplm / Light Buyers Vitamins Mnrls Hrbl Supplm Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Vitamins Mnrls Hrbl Supplm / All Buyers Vitamins Mnrls Hrbl Supplm / Medium Buyers Vitamins Mnrls Hrbl Supplm Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Vitamins Mnrls Hrbl Supplm / Lapsed Buyers Vitamins Mnrls Hrbl Supplm Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Vitamins Mnrls Hrbl Supplm / Non Buyers Vitamins Mnrls Hrbl Supplm Category / Health, Beauty & Baby / Vitamins Mnrls Hrbl Supplm / Promo Buyers Vitamins Mnrls Hrbl Supplm Category / Healthcare Category / Healthcare / Heavy Category / Healthcare / Light Category / Healthcare / Medium Category / Healthcare-Heavy Category / Healthcare-Light Category / Healthcare-Medium Category / Medicinal / Cough & Cold Category / Medicinal / Cough & Cold / All Buyers Cough & Cold Category / Medicinal / Cough Liquids Category / Medicinal / Cough Liquids / All Buyers Cough Liquids Category / Medicinal / Cough Liquids / All Buyers Cough Liquids / Heavy Buyers Cough Liquids Category / Medicinal / Cough Liquids / All Buyers Cough Liquids / Light Buyers Cough Liquids Category / Medicinal / Cough Liquids / All Buyers Cough Liquids / Medium Buyers Cough Liquids Category / Medicinal / Cough Liquids / Lapsed Buyers Cough Liquids Category / Medicinal / Cough Liquids / Non Buyers Cough Liquids Category / Medicinal / First Aid Category / Medicinal / First Aid / All Buyers First Aid Category / Medicinal / First Aids & Dressings Category / Medicinal / First Aids & Dressings / All Buyers First Aids & Dressings Category / Medicinal / First Aids & Dressings / All Buyers First Aids & Dressings / Heavy Buyers First Aids & Dressings Category / Medicinal / First Aids & Dressings / All Buyers First Aids & Dressings / Light Buyers First Aids & Dressings Category / Medicinal / First Aids & Dressings / All Buyers First Aids & Dressings / Medium Buyers First Aids & Dressings Category / Medicinal / First Aids & Dressings / Buyers of No.1 Brand in First Aids & Dressings Category / Medicinal / First Aids & Dressings / Buyers of No.2 Brand in First Aids & Dressings Category / Medicinal / First Aids & Dressings / Lapsed Buyers First Aids & Dressings Category / Medicinal / First Aids & Dressings / Non Buyers First Aids & Dressings Category / Medicinal / First Aids & Dressings / Promo Buyers First Aids & Dressings Category / Medicinal / Medications, Remedies & Health Aids Category / Medicinal / Medications, Remedies & Health Aids / All Buyers Medications, Remedies & Health Aids Category / Medicinal / Medications, Remedies & Health Aids / Heavy Buyers Medications, Remedies & Health Aids Category / Medicinal / Medications, Remedies & Health Aids / Light Buyers Medications, Remedies & Health Aids Category / Medicinal / Medications, Remedies & Health Aids / Medium Buyers Medications, Remedies & Health Aids Characteristics / Belong to health/fitness club or gym (Scarborough) Characteristics / Tried to quit smoking past year (Scarborough) Charitable Donations / Contributed to Healthcare/Medical (Scarborough) Charitable Donors / Alzheimer's Causes Donors Charitable Donors / Cancer Causes Donors Charitable Donors / Cancer Causes Donors / Cancer Causes Donors: Highly Likely Charitable Donors / Cancer Causes Donors / Cancer Causes Donors: Likely Charitable Donors / Cancer Causes Donors / Cancer Causes Donors: Unlikely Charitable Donors / Health Causes Donors CHILE / Activation Segment / Diet (EN), Dieta (ES), Dieta (PT) CHILE / Activation Segment / Healthy eating (EN), Alimentacion saludable (ES), Alimentacao saudavel (PT) CHILE / Interest / Health (EN), Salud (ES), Saude (PT) CHILE / Life Style / Fitness and Wellness (EN), Deportista (ES), Esportista (PT) CHILE / Microsegment / Supervisors (EN), Supervisores (ES), Supervisores (PT) Cholesterol Clean Living Enthusiasts Cold and Chills Cold and Flu Cold and Flu_ Cold and Sinus Cold and Sinus / Analgesic and Chest Rubs Cold and Sinus / Breathing Aids External Cold and Sinus / Cold Remedies - Adult Cold and Sinus / Cold Remedies - Children Cold and Sinus / Cough Drops Cold and Sinus / Cough Syrups and Tablets Cold and Sinus / Nasal Product Internal Cold and Sinus / Sinus Remedies Cold and Sinus / Vaporizing Products Cold Cough Flu Insights Cold Medicine Purchaser COLOMBIA / Activation Segment / Diet (EN), Dieta (ES), Dieta (PT) COLOMBIA / Activation Segment / Healthy eating (EN), Alimentacion saludable (ES), Alimentacao saudavel (PT) COLOMBIA / Interest / Health (EN), Salud (ES), Saude (PT) COLOMBIA / Life Style / Fitness and Wellness (EN), Deportista (ES), Esportista (PT) COLOMBIA / Microsegment / Supervisors (EN), Supervisores (ES), Supervisores (PT) Common Cold Nighttime Relief Seekers Common Cold Relief Seekers Computers & Electronics / Cell/Smartphones/Tablets / Uses Health & Fitness Apps on Smartphone Conditions and Treatments / Eczema Consumer / CPG / Food / Dieters (Web) Consumer / CPG / Food / Healthy Eaters (Web) Consumer / CPG / Food / Nutrition Conscious Eaters (Web) Consumer / Financial Services / Insurance / Health Insurance Researchers (Web) Consumer / General Consumer / Women's Fitness Enthusiasts (Web) Consumer / Health & Wellness / Paleo & Keto Diet Enthusiasts (Mobile) Consumer / Healthcare Consumer / Healthcare / Adult Acne Sufferers - Extreme Confidence (Mobile) Consumer / Healthcare / Adult Acne Sufferers (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Cardio Health Researchers - Extreme Confidence (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Cold and Flu Prevention Researchers (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Drug Store Shoppers (Mobile) Consumer / Healthcare / Drug Store Shoppers (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Eye Health Researchers - Extreme Confidence (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Eyeglasses & Contact Lens Buyers - Extreme Confidence (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Eyeglasses Shoppers - Extreme Confidence (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / First Aid Researchers (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Food Allergies Researchers (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Gastroenterology Journal Researchers - Extreme Confidence (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Headache and Migraine Sufferers (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Healthcare Discount Shoppers (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Heart Health Researchers - Extreme Confidence (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Home Healthcare Researchers - Extreme Confidence (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Internal Medicine Journal Researchers - Extreme Confidence (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Joint Pain Sufferers (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Medical Advice Researchers - Extreme Confidence (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Medicare Price Shoppers - Extreme Confidence (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Medicare Provider Researchers - Extreme Confidence (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Medicare Researchers - Extreme Confidence (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Men's Health Researchers (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Natural and Holistic Health Researchers - Extreme Confidence (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Online Health Researchers (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Orthodontics Researchers - Extreme Confidence (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Pain Management Researchers (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Pain Medication Users (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Pediatric Provider Researchers - Extreme Confidence (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Pharma Consumer / Healthcare / Pharma / Back Pain Sufferers (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Pharma / Cholesterol Researchers (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Pharma / Gastrointestinal Researchers (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Pharma / Heartburn Sufferers (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Pharma / Pharmacy Shoppers - Extreme Confidence (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Pharma / Sinus Researchers (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Pregnancy Resources Researchers - Extreme Confidence (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Sleep Researchers - Extreme Confidence (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Vitamin Shoppers (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Weight Loss Researchers - Extreme Confidence (Web) Consumer / Healthcare / Women's Health Researchers (Web) Consumer / Media / Exercise and Gym Researchers (Web) Consumer / Media / Mens Fitness Publication Readers (Web) Consumer > Healthcare > Cold and Flu Prevention Researchers (Web) Consumer > Healthcare > Pharma > Pharmacy (Mobile) Consumer > Healthcare > Pharma > Pharmacy (Web) Consumer > Healthcare > Pharma > Pharmacy Shoppers (Mobile) Consumer > Healthcare > Pharma > Pharmacy Shoppers (Web) Consumer Journey / In-Market / Children Stores Retailers / Baby Nursing Gear Shoppers Consumer Journey / In-Market / Clothing and Accessories Retailers / Health and Beauty Shoppers Consumer Journey / In-Market / Sports and Healthy Living / Fitness Buffs Consumer Journey / In-Market / Sports and Healthy Living / Nature Lovers Consumer Journey / In-Market / Sports and Healthy Living / Sports Equipment and Outdoor Gear Shoppers Consumer Journey / In-Market / Sports and Healthy Living / Vitamins and Nutrition Shoppers Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Interest (Affinity) / Eating Styles / Healthy Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Eye Care Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Feminine Care Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Hair Care Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Oral Care Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Skin Care Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Vitamins Consumer Targets / Custom Characteristics / Behaviors / Web and Email / Consumer Response Categories / Health and Beauty Consumer Targets / Custom Characteristics / Premium Interest / Household / Health and Fitness Consumer Targets / Custom Characteristics / Premium Interest / Household / Health and Fitness / Fitness and Exercise Consumer Targets / Custom Characteristics / Premium Interest / Household / Health and Fitness / Health and Wellness Consumer Targets / Interests / Cooking, Food and Beverage / Health and Nutrition Consumer Targets / Interests / Health, Beauty and Personal Care Consumer Targets / Interests / Health, Beauty and Personal Care / Face and Body Care Consumer Targets / Interests / Health, Beauty and Personal Care / Hair Care Consumer Targets / Interests / Health, Beauty and Personal Care / Health and Fitness Consumer Targets / Interests / Lifestyles / Healthy Living Consumer Typology / (Lifestyle of Health and Sustainability) Cool3C / Lifestyle / Media / Health Cough and Cold OTC Cough and Cold Prescriptions Cough and Cold Symptoms Cough Cold Cough Cold OTC Purchasers Cough Drop Information Seekers CoughColdFlu CPC Global / Intent / Health and personal care CPC Global / Interest / Health and Personal Care CPC Global / Interest / Health and Personal Care / Fitness CPC Global / Interest / Health and Personal Care / Men's Health CPC Global / Interest / Health and Personal Care / Pharma Products CPC Global / Interest / Health and Personal Care / Wellness CPC Global / Interest / Health and Personal Care / Women's Health CPC Global / Interest / Healthy Living CPC Global / Interest / Healthy Living / Fitness CPC Global / Interest / Healthy Living / Nutrition and Diets CPC Global / US Hispanics / Intent / Health and personal care CPC Global / US Hispanics / Interest / Health and personal care CPC Global / US Hispanics / Interest / Health and personal care / Fitness CPC Global / US Hispanics / Interest / Health and personal care / Wellness CPC Global / US Hispanics / Interest / Healthy Living CPC Global / US Hispanics / Interest / Healthy Living / Fitness CPC Global / US Hispanics / Interest / Healthy Living / Nutrition and Diets CPG / Brands / Frozen Food Buyers / Frozen Entrees / Healthy Choice CPG / Brands / Health & Beauty Buyers CPG / Brands / Health & Beauty Buyers / Aveeno CPG / Brands / Health & Beauty Buyers / Axe CPG / Brands / Health & Beauty Buyers / Cough & Cold Relief CPG / Brands / Health & Beauty Buyers / Cough & Cold Relief / Halls CPG / Brands / Health & Beauty Buyers / Cough & Cold Relief / Mucinex CPG / Brands / Health & Beauty Buyers / Cough & Cold Relief / Vicks CPG / Brands / Health & Beauty Buyers / Degree CPG / Brands / Health & Beauty Buyers / Dove CPG / Brands / Health & Beauty Buyers / Dove Men CPG / Brands / Health & Beauty Buyers / Neutrogena CPG / Brands / Health & Beauty Buyers / Old Spice CPG / Brands / Health & Beauty Buyers / Pain Relief CPG / Brands / Health & Beauty Buyers / Pain Relief / Advil CPG / Brands / Health & Beauty Buyers / Pain Relief / Aleve CPG / Brands / Health & Beauty Buyers / Pain Relief / Bayer CPG / Brands / Health & Beauty Buyers / Pain Relief / Tylenol CPG / Brands / Health & Beauty Buyers / St Ives CPG / Brands / Health & Beauty Buyers / Suave CPG / Brands / Health & Beauty Buyers / Suave Men CPG / Brands / Health & Beauty Buyers / Vitamins CPG / Brands / Health & Beauty Buyers / Vitamins / Nature Made CPG / Brands / Health & Beauty Buyers / Vitamins / Nature's Bounty CPG / BuyStyles / Fresh & Healthy CPG / BuyStyles / Weight Conscious CPG / Categories / Health & Beauty Buyers CPG / Categories / Health & Beauty Buyers / Allergy Relief CPG / Categories / Health & Beauty Buyers / Cough & Cold Relief CPG / Categories / Health & Beauty Buyers / Eye Care CPG / Categories / Health & Beauty Buyers / Feminine Care CPG / Categories / Health & Beauty Buyers / First Aid CPG / Categories / Health & Beauty Buyers / Gastrointestinal CPG / Categories / Health & Beauty Buyers / Haircare CPG / Categories / Health & Beauty Buyers / Oral Care CPG / Categories / Health & Beauty Buyers / Pain Relief CPG / Categories / Health & Beauty Buyers / Skin Care CPG / Categories / Health & Beauty Buyers / Sun Care CPG / Categories / Health & Beauty Buyers / Vitamins CPG / Categories / Health Food Buyers CPG / Categories / Health Food Buyers / Diet Foods CPG / Categories / Health Food Buyers / Fresh Produce CPG / Categories / Health Food Buyers / Low-Fat Foods CPG / Categories / Health Food Buyers / Natural & Organics CPG / Health & Beauty Buyers CPG / Health & Beauty Buyers / Dental Products CPG / Health & Beauty Buyers / Hair Care CPG / Purchase Transactions / Oral Care / Oral Care Benefits / Healthy Gums CPG and FMCG / Interest / Diet CPG and FMCG / Interest / Diet / Healthy Eating CPG and FMCG / Interest / Diet / Vegetarians and Vegans Cuidado del cabello Current Customer / Health and Beauty / Nivea Current Customer / Healthcare and Pharma / Tolak Angin Custom Good Apple / Back Pain DE: Interest > Fitness DE: Interest > Health DE: Interest > Wellness Demographic / Charitable Donors / Health Causes Demographic / Employment / Health, Medical and Pharmaceutical Demographic / Employment / Health, Medical and Pharmaceutical / Pharmacist Demographic / Lifestage / Family Planning Demographic / Lifestyle / Finance / Insurance / Health Demographics / Female Aged 50 to 64 Demographics / Female Aged 65 or Older Demographics / User Hobbies & Interests / Charitable Donor / Health Demographics / work experience / medical_welfare_childcare Demographics & Segmentation / Generations - Trailing Boomers / Generations - Trailing Boomers: Healthy, Wealthy, & Urbanized Denmark / Diet & Fitness / Diet & Weight Loss Denmark / Diet & Fitness / Exercise Denmark / Health / Health and Fitness Denmark / Health / Organic foods Dental Care Insights Dental Work Device Data / App install(AOS) / Health&Fitness / Diet Device Data / App install(AOS) / Health&Fitness / Health Care Device Data / App install(AOS) / Health&Fitness / Running Diet Diet Diet and Exercise / Take a supplement for Bone Health Diet and nutrition > Engaged Diet and nutrition > Highly Interested Diet and nutrition > Intender Diet and nutrition > Interested Diet Products Diet/Weight Loss Interests Dieting / Weight Loss Digestive Health Digestive Health Purchaser Digestive Well Being Information Seekers Dining / Healthy Food Frequent Diners DK: Intent - Fitness & Health DK: Interest - Fitness & Health Donor / Health Causes -- Co-op Sourced Drug Drug Stores / CVS Pharmacy Dry Eye Dry Eye_ DZ / Geo-Behavioural / Health and Beauty / Female Hair and Beauty Customers DZ / Geo-Behavioural / Healthcare / Pharmacy Shoppers DZ / Geo-Behavioural / Healthcare / Visits Healthcare Facilities Eat Diet Foods (Power Reach) Eat Diet Foods (Super Target) Eczema Eczema Treatment EG / Geo-Behavioural / Health and Beauty / Female Hair and Beauty Customers EG / Geo-Behavioural / Healthcare / Pharmacy Shoppers EG / Geo-Behavioural / Healthcare / Visits Healthcare Facilities EMEA / Denmark / Diet & Fitness / Diet & Weight Loss EMEA / Denmark / Diet & Fitness / Exercise EMEA / Denmark / Finance / Health Insurance EMEA / Finland / Exercise & Fitness EMEA / France / Exercise & Fitness EMEA / France / Exercise & Fitness / Diet & Weight Loss EMEA / France / Exercise & Fitness / Exercise EMEA / Germany / Diet & Weight Loss EMEA / Germany / Diet & Weight Loss / Exercise EMEA / Germany / Diet & Weight Loss / Healthy Food EMEA / Norway / Diet & Fitness / Diet & Weight Loss EMEA / Norway / Diet & Fitness / Exercise EMEA / Norway / Finance / Insurance / Health Insurance EMEA / Spain / Exercise & Fitness EMEA / Sweden / Diet & Fitness / Diet & Weight Loss EMEA / Sweden / Diet & Fitness / Exercise EMEA / UK / Exercise & Fitness EMEA / UK / Exercise & Fitness / Diet & Weight Loss EMEA / UK / Exercise & Fitness / Spring Weather EMEA / UK / Food & Drink / Food Category / Healthy Food Employee / Healthcare Workers Employee / Healthcare_Workers Entertainment / Books / Books Genre Purchased:Health/ Fitness in the Last 12 Months Entertainment / Sports and Recreation / Weightlifting Enthusiast / Health and Diet / Men's health Enthusiast / Health and Diet / Women's health Enthusiast / Men's health Enthusiast / Women's health Enthusiast- Precise / Sports and Healthy Living- Precise / Golf Enthusiast- Precise Enthusiast- Precise / Sports and Healthy Living- Precise / Health Enthusiast- Precise Enthusiast- Precise / Sports and Healthy Living- Precise / Outdoor Enthusiast- Precise Enthusiast- Precise / Sports and Healthy Living- Precise / Sports Enthusiast- Precise Enthusiast- Precise / Sports and Healthy Living- Precise / Visitors to NBA Arenas- Precise Enthusiast- Precise / Sports and Healthy Living- Precise / Visitors to University Arenas NCAA- Precise Essential Diet Nutrition Essential OTC Personal Care Pharmacy Essential OTC Vitamins Europe / France / Dieting and Weight Loss Europe / France / Weightlifting Europe / Germany / Dieting and Weight Loss Europe / Germany / Weightlifting Europe / Italy / Dieting and Weight Loss Europe / Italy / Weightlifting Europe / RU Health Europe / RU Health / Health Topics Europe / RU Health / Health Topics / Allergy Europe / RU Health / Health Topics / Women's Health Europe / RU Sports and Recreation / Supporters of A Healthy Lifestyle Europe / SE / Interested in: Exercise Europe / SE / Interested in: Wellness Europe / Spain / Dieting and Weight Loss Europe / Spain / Weightlifting Europe / TR / Intent / Shopping / Health and Beauty Europe / TR / Interest / Family / Healthy Living Europe / TR / Interest / Women's Interests / Diet and Fitness Europe / UK / Holidays Favourite Types / Activities / sport (e.g.Walking and Hiking, Cycling, Health and Fitness Etc.) Europe / UK / Holidays Favourite Types / Spa Holiday / health Spa Holiday Europe / UK / Likely to spend on Health and Beauty Europe / UK / Likely to spend on Health care Europe / UK / Media / Magazine Types Read / Health / Fitness Europe / UK / Personas / Health and Wellbeing Enthusiast Persona Europe / UK / Personas / Sports and Fitness Buyer Persona Europe / UK / Purchase Category / Reach / Healthy Food Buyers Europe / UK / Food Interest / Healthy Food Europe / UK / Insurance / Have Private Health Insurance Europe / UK / Personas / Health and Beauty Buyer Persona Europe / UK Insurance / Private Medical Insurance Europe / UK/ Interests / Health and Fitness Europe / United Kingdom / Dieting and Weight Loss Europe / United Kingdom / Weightlifting Events Attended / Health/wellness/fitness past year (Scarborough) Everybuyer / Food & Beverage / Healthy Everybuyer / Food and Beverage / Healthy Everybuyer / Sports / Health Generation Exercise / Health Grouping Exercise or Active Sports Exposure to Advertisements / Advil Pain Reliever Exposure to Advertisements / Advil Pain Reliever / All Viewers Exposure to Advertisements / Advil Pain Reliever / Heavy Viewers Exposure to Advertisements / Aleve Pain Reliever Exposure to Advertisements / Aleve Pain Reliever / All Viewers Exposure to Advertisements / Aleve Pain Reliever / Heavy Viewers Exposure to Advertisements / Aleve PM Pain Reliever Exposure to Advertisements / Aleve PM Pain Reliever / All Viewers Exposure to Advertisements / Aleve PM Pain Reliever / Heavy Viewers Exposure to Advertisements / Bayer One a Day Vitamins Exposure to Advertisements / Bayer One a Day Vitamins / All Viewers Exposure to Advertisements / Bayer One a Day Vitamins / Heavy Viewers Exposure to Advertisements / Cancer Treatment Centers of America Exposure to Advertisements / Cancer Treatment Centers of America / All Viewers Exposure to Advertisements / Cancer Treatment Centers of America / Heavy Viewers Exposure to Advertisements / Centrum MultiGummies Vitamins Exposure to Advertisements / Centrum MultiGummies Vitamins / All Viewers Exposure to Advertisements / Centrum MultiGummies Vitamins / Heavy Viewers Exposure to Advertisements / CVS Pharmacy Drug Store Exposure to Advertisements / CVS Pharmacy Drug Store / All Viewers Exposure to Advertisements / CVS Pharmacy Drug Store / Heavy Viewers Exposure to Advertisements / Health Hotline Exposure to Advertisements / Health Hotline / All Viewers Exposure to Advertisements / Health Hotline / Heavy Viewers Exposure to Advertisements / Medicare Health Reform Helpline Referral Services Exposure to Advertisements / Medicare Health Reform Helpline Referral Services / All Viewers Exposure to Advertisements / Medicare Health Reform Helpline Referral Services / Heavy Viewers Exposure to Advertisements / Nutrisystem Fast 5+ Weight Loss Exposure to Advertisements / Nutrisystem Fast 5+ Weight Loss / All Viewers Exposure to Advertisements / Nutrisystem Fast 5+ Weight Loss / Heavy Viewers Exposure to Advertisements / U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Exposure to Advertisements / U.S. Department of Health and Human Services / All Viewers Exposure to Advertisements / U.S.Department of Health and Human Services / Heavy Viewers Exposure to Advertisements / United Healthcare Exposure to Advertisements / United Healthcare / All Viewers Exposure to Advertisements / United Healthcare / Heavy Viewers Exposure to Advertisements / UnitedHealth Group Exposure to Advertisements / UnitedHealth Group / All Viewers Exposure to Advertisements / UnitedHealth Group / Heavy Viewers Eye and Contact Lens Care Product Eye and Contact Lens Care Product / Contact Lens Solution Familyes custom / Diario Feminino / Interes en Dieta Fem Care Consumers Female Hair Removal Information Seekers FI: Interest - Fitness & Health Finance / Financial Services Customers / Insurance Customers / Health Insurance Finance / Insurance / Health Insurance Finance / Insurance / Kaiser Permanente Health Care Finance / Insurance / Own Private Health Insurance Finance / Insurance / Policy Holder / Private Health Insurance Finance / Insurance / Policy Intender / Switcher / Health Insurance Finance / Insurance / Private Health Insurance Finance / Intent / Insurance / Health Finance / Interest / Insurance / Health Finance / Interest / Insurance / Health Insurance Financial / Contributions to Organizations / Contributed to Healthcare/Medical past year Financial / Contributions to Organizations / Contributed to Social Care/Welfare past year Financial / Health Insurance Financial / Health Insurance / Aetna Financial / Health Insurance / Blue Cross/Blue Shield Financial / Health Insurance / BlueCross and/or BlueShield Financial / Health Insurance / Cares about amount of co-pays when planning Financial / Health Insurance / Cares about amount of out-of-pocket limit Financial / Health Insurance / Cares about annual deductible Financial / Health Insurance / Cares about coverage of prescription drugs Financial / Health Insurance / Cares about hospitalization coverage Financial / Health Insurance / Cares about monthly premium Financial / Health Insurance / Cares about network type Financial / Health Insurance / Cares about preventativecare/wellnesscoverage Financial / Health Insurance / Cigna-HealthSpring Financial / Health Insurance / Humana Financial / Health Insurance / Kaiser Foundation HealthPlan/Kaiser Permanente HH Financial / Health Insurance / Kaiser Permanente Financial / Health Insurance / UnitedHealthcare Financial / Insurance / Has Health Insurance (VDNA) Financial / Insurance / Health Financial / Insurance / Interested in Health Insurance Financial Services / Insurance / In-Market / Health Insurance Financial Services / Insurance / Interest (Affinity) / Health Insurance Financial Services / Insurance / Policy Holders / Health Insurance Financial Services > Insurance > Health Insurance Researchers (Mobile) Financial Services > Insurance > Health Insurance Researchers (Web) Finland / Exercise & Fitness First Aid First Aid / Adhesive Bandages First Aid / Adhesive Bandages - Liquid First Aid / Adhesive Tape First Aid / Cotton - Swabs and Balls and Rolls First Aid / First Aid - Gauze - Rolls First Aid / First Aid - Hydrocortisones First Aid / First Aid - Ice And Heat Pack First Aid / First Aid - Thermometers First Aid / First Aid - Treatments First Aid / First Aid and Poison Kits First Aid / Germicidal Antiseptics First Aid / Medical Wrap And Brace First Aid / Medicated Products Fitness Fitness & Workouts Fitness Vertical Visitors Food & Beverage / Attitudinal / Health Conscious Eaters Food & Beverage / Dietary Needs & Preferences Food & Beverage / Dietary Needs & Preferences / Gluten Free Food & Beverage / Dietary Needs & Preferences / Low GI Food & Beverage / Dietary Needs & Preferences / Low Sugar/Sugar Free Food & Beverage / Dietary Needs & Preferences / No Artificial Preservatives/Flavours Food & Beverage / Dietary Needs & Preferences / No/Low Carb Food & Beverage / Dietary Preferences Food & Beverage / Dietary Preferences / Gluten Free Food & Beverage / Dietary Preferences / Halal Food & Beverage / Dietary Preferences / Ketogenic Food & Beverage / Dietary Preferences / Kosher Food & Beverage / Dietary Preferences / Low-Carb Food & Beverage / Dietary Preferences / Low-Fat Food & Beverage / Dietary Preferences / Macrobiotic Food & Beverage / Dietary Preferences / Pescatarian Food & Beverage / Dietary Preferences / Vegan Food & Beverage / Dietary Preferences / Vegetarian Food & Beverage / Dietary Supplements Food & Beverage / Dining / Healthy Dining Food & Beverage / Health Foods Food & Beverage / Vitamins Food & Dining / Health and Diet Foods Food & Drink / Cooking & Recipes / Healthy Eating Food & Drink / Food / Healthy Food Food & Health / Alternatives Food & Health / Blase about Edibles Eaters Food & Health / Brand-Name Traditionalists Food & Health / Convenience Over Health Eaters Food & Health / Cooking-Up an Image Food & Health / Fitness Diet Food & Health / Food-to-Go Food & Health / Generic Traditionalists Food & Health / Health Condition Diet Food & Health / Heedful of Wellness Eaters Food & Health / Home Cooking Virtuosos Food & Health / No Diet Food & Health / Semi-Vegetarian Lifestyle Food & Health / Vegetarian Lifestyle Food & Health / Weight Loss Diet Food and Beverage / Frozen Entrees Category / Healthy Choice Brands Food and Beverage / Frozen Entrees Category / Healthy Choice Brands / Healthy Choice Food and Beverage / Frozen Entrees Category / Weight Watchers Brands Food and Beverage / Frozen Entrees Category / Weight Watchers Brands / Weight Watchers Smart Ones Food and Beverage / Novelty Category / Weight Watchers Brands Food and Beverage / Nutritional Category Food and Beverage / Nutritional Category / Ensure Brands Food and Drink / Food Allergies Food and Drink / Health/Low-fat cooking Food Attitudes / My diet is mainly vegetarian Foot Care Foot Care / Foot Accessories and Comforts Products Foot Care / Foot Preparations France (FR) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Interest (Affinity) / Eating Styles / Healthy France (FR) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products France (FR) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Hair Care France (FR) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness France (FR) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise France (FR) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise / Gyms France (FR) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise / Running and Jogging France (FR) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise / Walking France (FR) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness France (FR) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness / Dieting and Weight Loss France (FR) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness / Nutrition France (FR) / Lifestyles / Enthusiasts / Healthy Living France (FR) / Retail / In-Market / Health and Fitness France (FR) / Retail / In-Market / Health and Fitness / Fitness France (FR) / Retail / Purchase-Based / Categories / Health and Fitness Buyers France (FR) / Retail / Purchase-Based / Categories / Health and Fitness Buyers / Fitness France / Behavioral - Lifestyle and Lifestage / Gym and Fitness Lifestyle France / Behavioral - Retail / Health Food Shoppers France / CPG / Beauty: Willing to spend on beauty / health products France / CPG / Healthy Eater France / CPG / Strong Interest in Healthy Products France / Exercise & Fitness France / Exercise & Fitness / Diet & Weight Loss France / Exercise & Fitness / Exercise France / Finance-Insurance / Employer health insurance France / Finance-Insurance / Private health insurance France / Health & fitness / Diet and Weight Loss France / Health & Fitness / Exercise Enthusiasts France / Interest / Fitness & Health / Workouts France / Interest / Health & Fitness France / Interest / Health & Fitness (Mweb) France / Interest / Health & Fitness Buffs (App Usage) France / Interests / Healthy Living / Beauty & Wellness Enthusiasts France / Interests / Healthy Living / Beauty & Wellness Enthusiasts France / Interests / Healthy Living / Health and Fitness Enthusiasts France / Interests / Healthy Living / Health and Fitness Enthusiasts France / Interests / Healthy Living / Organic & Eco Conscious France / Interests / Healthy Living / Organic & Eco Conscious France / Interests / Sports / Fitness Fanatics France / Interests / Sports / Fitness Fanatics France / Retail / Consumers of Health goods France / Retail / Ecommerce / Traditional goods/household linen/clothes/health/beauty Functional Area / Medical and Health Services Functional Area / Medical and Health Services / Dental Functional Area / Medical and Health Services / Nurse Functional Area / Medical and Health Services / Pharmacists Gastrointestinal Gastrointestinal / Antacids General / Intent / Health and personal care General / Interest / Health and Personal Care General / Interest / Health and Personal Care / Fitness General / Interest / Health and Personal Care / Men's Health General / Interest / Health and Personal Care / Pharma Products General / Interest / Health and Personal Care / Wellness General / Interest / Health and Personal Care / Women's Health General / Interest / Healthy Living General / Interest / Healthy Living / Fitness General / Interest / Healthy Living / Nutrition and Diets General / US Hispanics / Intent / Health and personal care General / US Hispanics / Interest / Health and personal care General / US Hispanics / Interest / Health and personal care / Fitness General / US Hispanics / Interest / Health and personal care / Wellness General / US Hispanics / Interest / Healthy Living General / US Hispanics / Interest / Healthy Living / Fitness General / US Hispanics / Interest / Healthy Living / Nutrition and Diets General Health and Beauty General Interests / Health and Medicine General Interests / Magazine Types Read / Health / fitness General Merchandise / Electrical / Fitness Monitors Germ Blasters Germany / Books & Magazines / Health Germany / Food & Drink / Healthy eater Germany / Living healthy / Health-conscious Germany / Living healthy / Wellness lovers Germany / Sports & Fitness / Sports enthusiast Germany (DE) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Interest (Affinity) / Eating Styles / Healthy Germany (DE) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products Germany (DE) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Hair Care Germany (DE) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Vitamins Germany (DE) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness Germany (DE) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise Germany (DE) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise / Gyms Germany (DE) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise / Running and Jogging Germany (DE) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise / Walking Germany (DE) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness Germany (DE) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness / Dieting and Weight Loss Germany (DE) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness / Nutrition Germany (DE) / Lifestyles / Enthusiasts / Healthy Living Germany (DE) / Retail / In-Market / Health and Fitness Germany (DE) / Retail / In-Market / Health and Fitness / Fitness Germany (DE) / Retail / Purchase-Based / Categories / Health and Fitness Buyers Germany (DE) / Retail / Purchase-Based / Categories / Health and Fitness Buyers / Fitness Germany / B2C / Insurance / Additional Private Health Insurance Germany / B2C / Insurance / Additional Private Health Insurance Germany / B2C / Insurance / Private Health Insurance Germany / B2C / PremiumConsumers / Gesundheit- /Krankheitsthemen,Krankheit,Gesundheit/PremiumS icknessandHealth Germany / B2C / PremiumConsumers / Gesundheit/Health Germany / Beauty & Personal Care / Fitness / Bodybuilding Germany / Beauty & Personal Care / Fitness / General Germany / Beauty & Personal Care / Fitness / Yoga & Pilates Germany / Behavioral - Lifestyle and Lifestage / Gym and Fitness Lifestyle Germany / Behavioral - Retail / Health Food Shoppers Germany / Books & Magazines / Health Germany / Consuming & Lifestyle / Health Care Germany / Consuming & Lifestyle / Health Care / 01: OTC (non-prescription medicine) buyer Germany / Consuming & Lifestyle / Health Care / 02: Pharmacy Customers Germany / Consuming & Lifestyle / Health Care / 03: Online Pharmacy Customers Germany / Consuming & Lifestyle / Health Care / 04: Health-Conscious Dieters Germany / Consuming & Lifestyle / Health Care / 05: Fitness Enthusiast Germany / Consuming & Lifestyle / Health Care / 06: Homeopathy Disciples Germany / Consuming & Lifestyle / Health Care / 07: Wellness Lovers Germany / Consuming & Lifestyle / Health Care / 08: Vitamin Supplement Buyers Germany / Consuming & Lifestyle / Health Care / 09: Healthy Nutrition Germany / Consuming & Lifestyle / Health Care / 10: Health products Germany / Consuming & Lifestyle / Interests & Hobbies / 11: Likes health & fitness Germany / Consuming & Lifestyle / Shopping / FMCG or CPG / 23: Health & Fitness Products Germany / Consuming & Lifestyle / Shopping / Retail / 14: Sport & Fitness Germany / Diet & Weight Loss Germany / Diet & Weight Loss / Exercise Germany / Diet & Weight Loss / Healthy Food Germany / Finance / Insurance / 04: Private health insurance ("PKV") Germany / Finance / Insurance / 05: Private supplementary health insurance Germany / Finance / Insurance / 06: Statutory health insurance Germany / Food & Drink / Food Allergies Germany / Food & Drink / Health/LowFat Cooking Germany / Food & Drink / Healthy eater Germany / food and drinks / food and drinks: diet and weight loss Germany / Health / Allergies Germany / Health / Cold & Flu Germany / Health / Dental Care Germany / Health / Exercise Germany / Health / General Germany / Health / Nutrition Germany / Health / Weight Loss Germany / healthy living / healthy living: Germany / healthy living / healthy living: green avantgarde Germany / healthy living / healthy living: healthy eating Germany / healthy living / healthy living: meditation and spirituality Germany / healthy living / healthy living: mobile & active Germany / Insurance / Health Germany / Interest / Fitness & Health / Workouts Germany / Interest / Fitness Fanatics Germany / Interest / health Germany / Interest / Health & Fitness Germany / Interest / Health & Fitness (App Usage) Germany / Interest / Health & Fitness / Men's Hair Care Germany / Interest / Health & Fitness / Yoga, Relax & Meditation Germany / Interest / health and wellness Germany / interest / interest: Health Germany / interest / interest: sports and fitness Germany / interest / interest: Wellness Germany / Interest / Sport & Fitness Germany / Interest / sports and fitness Germany / Interests / Dental Care Germany / Interests / Fitness Germany / Interests / Health & Fitness Germany / Interests / Health Insurance Germany / Interests / Health Lifestyle Germany / Interests / Health/LowFat Cooking Germany / Interests / Healthy Living / Beauty & Wellness Enthusiasts Germany / Interests / Healthy Living / Beauty & Wellness Enthusiasts Germany / Interests / Healthy Living / Health and Fitness Enthusiasts Germany / Interests / Healthy Living / Health and Fitness Enthusiasts Germany / Interests / Healthy Living / Organic & Eco Conscious Germany / Interests / Healthy Living / Organic & Eco Conscious Germany / Interests / Sports / Fitness Fanatics Germany / Interests / Sports / Fitness Fanatics Germany / Interests / Weight Loss Germany / Living healthy / Health-conscious Germany / Living healthy / Wellness lovers Germany / medical health / medical health: general Germany / Mobile Data / Fitness Studio Visitors Germany / Mobile Data / Wellness Holidaymakers Germany / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Budnikowsky Germany / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Budnikowsky Germany / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Dm Germany / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Dm Germany / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Docmorris Germany / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Docmorris Germany / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Douglas Germany / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Douglas Germany / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / MÃ¼ller Germany / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / MÃ¼ller Germany / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Pharmacy Germany / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Pharmacy Germany / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Rossmann Germany / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Rossmann Germany / psychographics / Lifestyle of Health and Sustainability Germany / Retail / Pharmacy Patrons Germany / Retail / Pharmacy Patrons Germany / Retail / Transactional Activity / Dietary supplements / transactions in the last two years Germany / Retail / Transactional Activity / Dietary supplements / transactions in the last two years Germany / Retail / Transactional Activity / Dietary supplements / transactions in the last year Germany / Retail / Transactional Activity / Dietary supplements / transactions in the last year Germany / Retail / Transactional Activity / Dietary supplements / transactions older than 2 years Germany / Retail / Transactional Activity / Dietary supplements / transactions older than 2 years Germany / Retail / Transactional Activity / Dietary supplements / without transactions Germany / Retail / Transactional Activity / Dietary supplements / without transactions Germany / Sports / Fitness Germany / sports / sports: fitness Germany / Sports & Fitness / Sports enthusiast Global / Interests / Lifestyle / Health and Sports Global / Black Friday / In-Market / Category / Beauty and Health Global / Black Friday / In-Market / Category / Fitness Global / Black Friday / In-Market / Store / CVS Pharmacy Global / Black Friday / In-Market / Store / Fred's Pharmacy Global / Commerce Clickers by / In-Market / Category / Exercise and Fitness Global / Commerce Clickers by / In-Market / Category / Fitness Trackers Global / Intent / Financial Intent / Insurance / Health Global / Intent / Services / Restaurants / Health and Vegan Global / Intent / Shopping / CPG / Health and Beauty Global / Intent / Shopping / CPG / Health and Beauty / Eye Care Global / Intent / Shopping / CPG / Health and Beauty / Hair Care Global / Intent / Shopping / CPG / Health and Beauty / Oral Care Global / Intent / Shopping / CPG / Health and Beauty / Skin Care Global / Interest / TV Ad Exposure / UnitedHealthcare Global / Lifestyle and Culture / Wellness and Mindfulness Global / Sports / Crossfit and Fitness GLOBAL / Activation Segment / Diet (EN), Dieta (ES), Dieta (PT) GLOBAL / Activation Segment / Healthy eating (EN), Alimentacion saludable (ES), Alimentacao saudavel (PT) GLOBAL / Beleza / Interessados em Acne by Minha Vida (PT) GLOBAL / Food (EN), Comida (ES), Alimentos (PT) / WOMEN INTERESTED IN NUTRITION - BY PLANETA MAMA (EN), MUJERES INTERESADAS EN NUTRICION Y HABITOS SALUDABLES - POR PLANETA MAMA (ES) GLOBAL / Health (EN) / Fitness e Dieta by Abril (PT) GLOBAL / Health (EN) / Interessados em Caspas by Abril (PT) GLOBAL / Health (EN) / Men interesteds in Health by Vida y Salud (EN), Hombres Interesados en Salud by Vida y Salud (ES), Homens Interessados em Saude by Vida y Salud (PT) GLOBAL / Health (EN) / People Interested in Health by Vida y Salud (EN), Gente Interesada en Salud by Vida y Salud (ES), Gente Interessada em Saude by Vida y Salud (PT) GLOBAL / Health (EN) / Saude e Bem Estar by Abril (PT) GLOBAL / Health (EN) / Welfare by Abril (EN), Bienestar by Abril (ES), Bem-estar by Abril (PT) GLOBAL / Health (EN) / Women Interested in Health by Vida y Salud (EN), Mujeres Interesadas en Salud by Vida y Salud (ES), Mulheres Interessadas em Saude by Vida y Salud (PT) GLOBAL / Health (EN), Salud (ES), Saude (PT) / Bem estar sem neura by VIRGULA (PT) GLOBAL / Health (EN), Salud (ES), Saude (PT) / Fitness e Dieta by Abril (PT) GLOBAL / Health (EN), Salud (ES), Saude (PT) / Interesse em Fitness e Dieta by YContent SambaAds (PT) GLOBAL / Health (EN), Salud (ES), Saude (PT) / Interesse em Saude e Bem Estar by YContent SambaAds (PT) GLOBAL / Health (EN), Salud (ES), Saude (PT) / Men interesteds in Health by Vida y Salud (EN), Hombres Interesados en Salud by Vida y Salud (ES), Homens Interessados em Saude by Vida y Salud (PT) GLOBAL / Health (EN), Salud (ES), Saude (PT) / People Interested in Health by Vida y Salud (EN), Gente Interesada en Salud by Vida y Salud (ES), Gente Interessada em Saude by Vida y Salud (PT) GLOBAL / Health (EN), Salud (ES), Saude (PT) / Saude e Bem Estar by Abril (PT) GLOBAL / Health (EN), Salud (ES), Saude (PT) / Women Interested in Health by Vida y Salud (EN), Mujeres Interesadas en Salud by Vida y Salud (ES), Mulheres Interessadas em Saude by Vida y Salud (PT) GLOBAL / Interest (EN) / Interested in fitness by Fulllab (EN), Interesados en fitness by Fulllab (ES), Interessados em fitness by Fulllab (PT) GLOBAL / Interest (EN) / Interested in health by Fulllab (EN), Interesados en salud por Fulllab (ES), Interessados em saude by Fulllab (PT) GLOBAL / Interest (EN) / Interested in wellness by Fulllab (EN), Interesados en el bienestar by Fulllab (ES), Interessados em bem estar by Fulllab (PT) GLOBAL / Interest / Health (EN), Salud (ES), Saude (PT) GLOBAL / Life Style (EN) / Women, Health, High Standard, Young Adult (EN), Mujeres, Salud, Alto Estandar, Adulto Joven (ES), Mulheres, saude, alto padrao, Jovem Adulto (PT) GLOBAL / Life Style (EN), Estilos de Vida (ES), Life Style (PT) / Women, Health, High Standard, Young Adult (EN), Mujeres, Salud, Alto Estandar, Adulto Joven (ES), Mulheres, saude, alto padrao, Jovem Adulto (PT) GLOBAL / Life Style / Fitness and Wellness (EN), Deportista (ES), Esportista (PT) GLOBAL / Life Style / Women, Health, High Standard, Young Adult (EN), Mujeres, Salud, Alto Estandar, Adulto Joven (ES), Mulheres, saude, alto padrao, Jovem Adulto (PT) GLOBAL / Microsegment / Supervisors (EN), Supervisores (ES), Supervisores (PT) GLOBAL / Purchase Intention (EN) / Black Friday Fitness by Buscape (PT) GLOBAL / Purchase Intention (EN) / Fitness by Buscape (PT) GLOBAL / Purchase Intention (EN) / Intention to buy fitness equipment by Fulllab (EN), Intencion de compra en equipos fitness by Fulllab (ES), Intencao de compra em equipamentos fitness by Fulllab (PT) GLOBAL / Purchase Intention (EN), Intencion de compra (ES), Purchase Intention (PT) / Black Friday Fitness by Buscape (PT) GLOBAL / Purchase Intention (EN), Intencion de compra (ES), Purchase Intention (PT) / Fitness by Buscape (PT) GLOBAL / Purchase Intention / Black Friday Fitness by Buscape (PT) GLOBAL / Purchase Intention / Fitness by Buscape (PT) GLOBAL / Retail / Food and Beverage / Health and Diet Food GLOBAL / Saude / Interessados em Dieta by Minha Vida (PT) GLOBAL / Saude / Interessados em Estresse by Minha Vida (PT) GLOBAL / Saude / Interessados em Fitness by Minha Vida (PT) GLOBAL / Saude / Men interesteds in Health by Vida y Salud (EN), Hombres Interesados en Salud by Vida y Salud (ES), Homens Interessados em Saude by Vida y Salud (PT) GLOBAL / Saude / People Interested in Health by Vida y Salud (EN), Gente Interesada en Salud by Vida y Salud (ES), Gente Interessada em Saude by Vida y Salud (PT) GLOBAL / Saude / People who like their health care by Invent (EN), Personas que les Gusta Cuidar su Salud by Invent (ES), Pessoas que Gostam de Cuidar da sua Saude by Invent (PT) GLOBAL / Saude / People who Want to Eat Healthy by Invent (EN), Personas que Quieren Comer Saludable by Invent (ES), Pessoas que Querem Comer Comidas Saudaveis by Invent (PT) GLOBAL / Saude / Women Interested in Health by Vida y Salud (EN), Mujeres Interesadas en Salud by Vida y Salud (ES), Mulheres Interessadas em Saude by Vida y Salud (PT) GLOBAL / Sports and Recreation / Gyms and Fitness Centers Gloomies Gluten-free diet Gluten-free diet Twin Grocery / Canned Soup / Canned Soup-Campbell's Healthy Request Grocery / Canned Soup / Canned Soup-Healthy Choice Soup Grocery / Frozen Dinner / Frozen Complete Dinner- Healthy Choice Grocery / Frozen Dinner / Frozen Complete Dinner- Weight Watchers Smart Ones Head Health Health / Addiction Services Health / Aging & Geriatrics Health / Allergies Health / Alternative & Natural Medicine Health / Alternative & Natural Medicine / Acupuncture & Chinese Medicine Health / Alternative & Natural Medicine / Cleansing & Detoxification Health / Arthritis Health / Astigmatism Health / Atrial Fibrillation (AFib) Health / Back Pain Health / Chronic Pain Health / Contact Lens User Health / Do Insurance Research via Internet Search Health / Dry Eyes Health / Eczema Health / Exercise at gym / club at least twice a week (MRI) Health / Exercise at home at least twice a week (MRI) Health / Flu Vaccine Health / Former Tobacco User Health / Future Plan / Would Consider Aetna Health / Future Plan / Would Consider AIG Health / Future Plan / Would Consider American Family Health / Future Plan / Would Consider BlueCross and/or BlueShield Health / Future Plan / Would Consider Cigna- HealthSpring Health / Future Plan / Would Consider Coventry Health / Future Plan / Would Consider Health Net Health / Future Plan / Would Consider Humana Health / Future Plan / Would Consider Kaiser Health / Future Plan / Would Consider UnitedHealthcare Health / Gum Disease Health / Has Prescription Plan via Employer Health / Has Vision Coverage Health / Health Conditions Health / Health Conditions / Allergies Health / Health Conditions / Cold & Flu Health / Health Conditions / Ear Nose & Throat Health / Health Foundations & Medical Research Health / Health Insurance Health / Health Insurance / Medicaid Health / Health Insurance / Medicare Health / Health Insurance / Private Health / Health Insurance / Through Work Health / Health Insurance / Uninsured Health / High Blood Pressure (Hypertension) Health / HMO Medicare Advantage Plan Health / Knee Pain Health / Medical Devices & Equipment Health / Medical Facilities & Services Health / Medical Facilities & Services / Hospitals & Treatment Centers Health / Medical Facilities & Services / Medical Procedures Health / Medical Facilities & Services / Physical Therapy Health / Medical Literature & Resources Health / Medical Plan Coverage Health / Medicare and Medicaid Coverage (Dual Eligibility) Health / Men's Health Health / Migraines Health / Numbness & Tingling Health / Nursing Health / Nutrition Health / Nutrition / Special & Restricted Diets Health / Nutrition / Vitamins & Supplements Health / Oral & Dental Care Health / Osteoarthritis Health / Osteoarthritis of Knee Health / Participate in HMO / Employer Sponsored Health / Participate in HMO / Individual Purchase Health / Participate in PPO / Employer Sponsored Health / Participate in PPO / Individual Purchase Health / Pediatrics Health / Pharmacy Health / Plan Choice Influenced By / Employer Health / Plan Choice Influenced By / Friend Family Co-Worker Health / Plan Choice Influenced By / Healthcare Provider Health / Plan Choice Influenced By / Insurance Agent/Broker Health / Plan Choice Influenced By / Insurance Carrier Representative Health / Plan Choice Influenced By / Insurance Carrier Website Health / Plan Choice Influenced By / Private Insurance Exchange Website Health / Plan Choice Influenced By / Public Insurance Exchange Website Health / PPO Medicare Advantage Plan Health / Private Health Insurance Plan Health / Psoriasis Health / Psoriatic Arthritis (PsA) Health / Public Health Health / Public Health / Health Policy Health / Regular Tobacco User Health / RX Out of Pocket Health / Sinusitis Health / Skin Rashes Health / Smoker Health / Smoking Cessation Health / Stomach/GI Issues in past three months Health / Trouble Sleeping Health / Uninsured: No HMO, PPO, POS, or Medicare Health / Use Medicaid Health / Uses HMO Medical Plan Health / Uses POS Medical Plan Health / Uses PPO Medical Plan Health / Uses Traditional Indemnity Medical Plan Health / Vision Care Health / Vision Care / Eye Exams & Optometry Health / Vision Care / Eyeglasses & Contacts Health / Vision Care / Laser Vision Correction Health / Visited a Free Health Clinic Health / Vitamins and Supplements Health / Wears Glasses Health / Weight Loss Health / Women's Health Health / Would recommend Medicare Advantage Health / Would recommend Private Plan Health & Beauty Health & Beauty Visitors Health & Fitness Health & Fitness / Attitudinal Health & Fitness / Attitudinal / Natural/Alternative Therapy Seekers Health & Fitness / Attitudinal / Weight-watcher Health & Fitness / Nutrition/Diet Health & Fitness / Product Usage Health & Fitness / Product Usage / Health Products Health & Fitness / Product Usage / Health Products / Vitamins tablets/capsules Health & Fitness / Product Usage / Medicinal Products Health & Fitness / Product Usage / Medicinal Products / Analgesic/Pain Reliever Health & Fitness / Product Usage / Medicinal Products / Antihistamines Health & Fitness / Product Usage / Medicinal Products / Cough & cold tablets/Capsules Health & Fitness / Product Usage / Medicinal Products / Glasses/Eyewear Health & Fitness / Product Usage / Medicinal Products / Indigestion tablets/Powders Health & Fitness / Product Usage / Medicinal Products / Pain relieving creams/rubs Health & Fitness / Service Users Health & Fitness / Service Users / Gym visitor Health & Fitness / Service Users / Personal Training Health & Fitness / Smoking Health & Fitness / Smoking / Intend to Quit Health & Fitness / Smoking / Tried to Quit but Failed Health & Fitness / Stadiums and Arenas Health & Fitness / Weight Loss & Weight Management / Jenny Craig Weight Loss Center Health & Fitness / Weight Loss & Weight Management / Weight Watchers Health & Well Being / Global - Fem Care Consumers Health & Well Being / Global - Health & Wellness Activists Health & Well Being / Global - Standard - Allergy & Cold Sufferers Health & Well Being / Global - Standard - Dandruff Solution Seekers Health & Well Being / Global - Standard - Germ Blasters Health & Well Being / Global - Standard - Health & Wellness Activists Health & Well Being / Global - Standard - Oral Care Conscious Health & Well Being / Global - Standard - Trim & Fit Lifestyles Health & Well Being / Global - Standard - Weight & Diet Managers Health & Wellness Activists Health > Engaged Health > Highly Interested Health > Intender Health > Interested health and beauty Health and Beauty / Eye Care Category Health and Beauty / Facial Cleanser And Moisturizer Category Health and Beauty / Facial Cleanser And Moisturizer Category / Olay Brands Health and Beauty / Hair Care Accessories Category Health and Beauty / Hair Care Accessories Category / Goody Brands Health and Beauty / Pain Relief Category Health and Beauty / Pain Relief Category / Advil Brands Health and Beauty / Pain Relief Category / Aleve Brands Health and Beauty / Pain Relief Category / Bayer Brands health and beauty / personal care health and beauty / skincare Health and Beauty / Stomach Upper G I Category Health and Beauty / Stomach Upper G.I.Category Health and Beauty / Stomach Upper G.I.Category / Tums Brands Health and Beauty / Suntan Products Category Health and Beauty / Upper Respiratory Medicine Category Health and Beauty / Upper Respiratory Medicine Category / Halls Health and Beauty / Upper Respiratory Medicine Category / Tums Health and Beauty / Vitamins And Supplements Category Health and Beauty / Vitamins And Supplements Category / Nature Made Brands Health and Beauty / Vitamins And Supplements Category / Natures Bounty Brands Health and Beauty / Vitamins And Supplements Category / Sundown Naturals Brands Health and Care Products > Engaged Health and Care Products > Highly Interested Health and Care Products > Intender Health and Care Products > Interested Health and Diet Products Health and Diet Products / Multi-Vitamins Health and Diet Products / Sweeteners Health and Fitness Health and Fitness / Allergies Health and Fitness / Allergy Sufferers Health and Fitness / Alternative Medicine Health and Fitness / Arthritis Health and Fitness / Athletic Healthy Eaters Health and Fitness / Cholesterol Health and Fitness / Chronic Pain Health and Fitness / Cold and Flu Health and Fitness / Dental Care Health and Fitness / Dermatology Health and Fitness / Diet Products Health and Fitness / Dieters Health and Fitness / Discontinued Health and Fitness / Exercise Health and Fitness / Exercise / Fitness Devices Health and Fitness / Exercise / Hiking Health and Fitness / Exercise / Running Health and Fitness / Fitness Buffs Health and Fitness / GERD/Acid Reflux Health and Fitness / Headaches/Migraines Health and Fitness / Health & Wellness Buffs Health and Fitness / Health-Conscious Mothers Health and Fitness / Healthy Eaters Health and Fitness / Heavy Vitamin and Dietary Supplement Health and Fitness / Herbs for Health Health and Fitness / Holistic Healing Health and Fitness / Intent Health and Fitness / Interest Health and Fitness / Interest / Diet and Weight Loss Health and Fitness / Interest / Dieting / Weight Loss Health and Fitness / Interest / Exercise / Health Health and Fitness / Interest / Fitness Health and Fitness / Interest / Pharmacy and Medicine Health and Fitness / Likely Health Interest Health and Fitness / Likely Health Interest / Brand Name Medicine Propensity Score - 01 Health and Fitness / Likely Health Interest / Brand Name Medicine Propensity Score - 02 Health and Fitness / Likely Health Interest / Brand Name Medicine Propensity Score - 03 Health and Fitness / Likely Health Interest / Brand Name Medicine Propensity Score - 04 Health and Fitness / Likely Health Interest / Brand Name Medicine Propensity Score - 05 Health and Fitness / Likely Health Interest / Brand Name Medicine Propensity Score - 06 Health and Fitness / Likely Health Interest / Brand Name Medicine Propensity Score - 07 Health and Fitness / Likely Health Interest / Brand Name Medicine Propensity Score - 08 Health and Fitness / Likely Health Interest / Brand Name Medicine Propensity Score - 09 Health and Fitness / Likely Health Interest / Brand Name Medicine Propensity Score - 10 Health and Fitness / Medicare Researchers Health and Fitness / Mens Health Health and Fitness / Nutrition Health and Fitness / Pediatrics Health and Fitness / Pharmacy Patrons Health and Fitness / Physical Fitness Clubs Health and Fitness / Physical Therapy Health and Fitness / Pilates and Yoga Enthusiasts Health and Fitness / Pilates/Yoga Health and Fitness / Self-Help/Inspiration Seekers health and fitness / senior health Health and Fitness / Spa Enthusiasts Health and Fitness / Weight Loss Health and Fitness / Weight-Loss Seekers Health and Fitness / Womens Health Health and Kids Clothing Health and Luggage Health and Medicinal Usage / Antihistamines Health and Medicinal Usage / Denture Cleaner Health and Medicinal Usage / Eye drops Health and Medicinal Usage / Indigestion Tablets / Powders Health and Medicinal Usage / Pain Relieving Creams / Rubs Health and Moms Health and wellbeing Health and wellbeing / Fitness and exercise Health and Wellness Health and Wellness / Acid Reflux Health and Wellness / Acne Relief Health and Wellness / Digestive Health Health and Wellness / Dry Eyes Health and Wellness / Dry Skin Health and Wellness / Joint Pain Relief Health and Wellness / Migraine Relief Health and Wellness / Pain Relief Health and Wellness / Smoking Cessation Health and Wellness / Sugar Conscious Health and Wellness Purchasers Health Beauty Health Care Health Care / Addiction & Recovery Reference (Web) Health Care / Addiction & Recovery Reference (Mobile) Health Care / Allergy Health Care / Allergy / Allergy Relief Health Care / Cold and Sinus Health Care / Cold and Sinus / Analgesic and Chest Rubs Health Care / Cold and Sinus / Breathing Aids External Health Care / Cold and Sinus / Cold Remedies - Adult Health Care / Cold and Sinus / Cold Remedies - Children Health Care / Cold and Sinus / Cough Drops Health Care / Cold and Sinus / Cough Syrups and Tablets Health Care / Cold and Sinus / Nasal Product Internal Health Care / Cold and Sinus / Sinus Remedies Health Care / Cold and Sinus / Vaporizing Products Health Care / Eye and Contact Lens Care Product Health Care / Eye and Contact Lens Care Product / Contact Lens Solution Health Care / First Aid Health Care / First Aid / Adhesive Bandages Health Care / First Aid / Adhesive Bandages - Liquid Health Care / First Aid / Adhesive Tape Health Care / First Aid / Cotton - Swabs and Balls and Rolls Health Care / First Aid / First Aid - Gauze - Rolls Health Care / First Aid / First Aid - Hydrocortisones Health Care / First Aid / First Aid - Ice And Heat Pack Health Care / First Aid / First Aid - Thermometers Health Care / First Aid / First Aid - Treatments Health Care / First Aid / First Aid and Poison Kits Health Care / First Aid / Germicidal Antiseptics Health Care / First Aid / Medical Wrap And Brace Health Care / First Aid / Medicated Products Health Care / Foot Care Health Care / Foot Care / Foot Accessories and Comforts Products Health Care / Foot Care / Foot Preparations Health Care / Gastrointestinal Health Care / Gastrointestinal / Antacids Health Care / Health Remedies - Remaining Health Care / Health Remedies - Remaining / Antismoking Product Health Care / Health Remedies - Remaining / Dieting Aids - Meal Replacements Health Care / Health Remedies - Remaining / Ear Products Health Care / Health Remedies - Remaining / Medical Accessory - Remaining Health Care / Health Remedies - Remaining / Medical Food Products Health Care / Health Remedies - Remaining / Medical Testing Products Health Care / Health Remedies - Remaining / Motion Sickness Preventatives Health Care / Health Remedies - Remaining / Remaining Medications and Remedies - Internal Health Care / Health Remedies - Remaining / Tranquilizers and Calmative Health Care / Lip Treatment Health Care / Lip Treatment / Lip Remedies Health Care / Oral Care Health Care / Oral Care / Dental Accessories Health Care / Oral Care / Denture Adhesives Health Care / Oral Care / Denture Cleansers Health Care / Oral Care / Oral Pain Relief Health Care / Oral Care / Oral Rinse And Antiseptic Health Care / Oral Care / Tooth Whiteners Health Care / Pain Remedies Health Care / Pain Remedies / All Other Health Care / Pain Remedies / Arthritis Health Care / Pain Remedies / Children's Health Care / Pain Remedies / Headache Health Care / Pain Remedies / Muscle Health Care / Pain Remedies / Pre-Menstrual and Feminine Health Care / Sleeping Remedies Health Care / Sleeping Remedies / Anti-Sleep Products Health Care / Sleeping Remedies / Sleeping Aids Health Care / Vitamins and Supplements Health Care / Vitamins and Supplements / Complete Nutritional Products Health Care / Vitamins and Supplements / Dietary Supplements Health Care / Vitamins and Supplements / Minerals Health Care / Vitamins and Supplements / Probiotics Health Care / Vitamins and Supplements / Protein Supplements Health Care / Vitamins and Supplements / Vitamins - Adult Health Care / Vitamins and Supplements / Vitamins - Children Health Cause Donor Health Cause Donor High Income Health Cause Donor Middle Income Health centers and hospitals Health Charitable Donation Health Clubs Health Clubs/Stores Health Clubs/Stores / GNC Health Clubs/Stores / Vitamin Shoppe Health Clubs/Stores / Weight Watchers Health Conscious Health Conscious Consumer Health Conscious Shoppers Health Conscious Shoppers / GNC Health Conscious Shoppers / Sprouts Farmers Market Health Conscious Shoppers / The Fresh Market Health Conscious Shoppers / The Vitamin Shoppe Health Conscious Shoppers / Trader Joe's Health Conscious Shoppers / Vitamin World Health Conscious Shoppers / Whole Foods Market Health Diet Health Enhancer Health Enthusiast Female - Cookies Health Enthusiast Male - Cookies Health Enthusiasts Health Essentials Health Insurance / Aetna-HH Health Insurance / BlueCross and/or BlueShield-HH Health Insurance / Cares about amount of co-pays when planning-HH Health Insurance / Cares about amount of out-of- pocket limit-HH Health Insurance / Cares about annual deductible- Health Insurance / Cares about coverage of prescription drugs-HH Health Insurance / Cares about hospitalization coverage-HH Health Insurance / Cares about monthly premium- Health Insurance / Cares about network type-HH Health Insurance / Cares about preventativecare/wellnesscoverage-HH Health Insurance / Cigna-HealthSpring-HH Health Insurance / Have Private Health Insurance Health Insurance / Humana-HH Health Insurance / Kaiser Foundation HealthPlan/Kaiser Permanente- HH Health Insurance / UnitedHealthcare-HH Health OTC Personal Care Health Product Shoppers Health Professionals Health Professionals / Acupuncture Health Professionals / Acute Care Health Professionals / Addiction Medicine Health Professionals / Adolescent Medicine Health Professionals / Advanced Heart Failure and Transplant Cardiology Health Professionals / Aerospace Medicine Health Professionals / Alcohol & Drug Abuse Health Professionals / Alcohol & Drug Counselor Health Professionals / Allergy Health Professionals / Allergy & Immunology Health Professionals / Ambulance/ Patient Transport Health Professionals / Ambulance/Patient Transport Health Professionals / Anatomic and Clinical Pathology Health Professionals / Anesthesiology Health Professionals / Assisted Living Facilities Health Professionals / Audiology Health Professionals / Bariatrics Health Professionals / Behavioral Medicine Health Professionals / Bio-Feedback Therapy Health Professionals / Birthing Center Health Professionals / Blood Banking Health Professionals / Cardiology Health Professionals / Case Manager/ Care Coordinator Health Professionals / Case Manager/Care Coordinator Health Professionals / Chemical Pathology Health Professionals / Child Abuse Health Professionals / Chiropractic Health Professionals / Clinic Health Professionals / Clinical & Laboratory Dermatological Immunology Health Professionals / Clinical & Laboratory Immunology Health Professionals / Clinical Biochemical Genetics Health Professionals / Clinical Cardiac Electrophysiology Health Professionals / Clinical Cytogenetics Health Professionals / Clinical Genetics Health Professionals / Clinical Molecular Genetics Health Professionals / Clinical Neurophysiology Health Professionals / Community/ Retail Pharmacy Health Professionals / Community/Retail Pharmacy Health Professionals / Compounding Pharmacy Health Professionals / Critical Care Anesthesiology Health Professionals / Critical Care Medicine Health Professionals / Cytopathology Health Professionals / Dentistry Health Professionals / Dermatology Health Professionals / Dermatopathology Health Professionals / Diabetology Health Professionals / Diagnostic Roentgenology Health Professionals / Dietician Health Professionals / Durable Medical Equipment Health Professionals / Dysmorphology - Genetics Health Professionals / Electrocardiogram Health Professionals / Electrophysiology Health Professionals / Emergency Medicine Health Professionals / Emergency Rescue Health Professionals / Endocrinology Health Professionals / Endodontics Health Professionals / Environment Medicine Health Professionals / Epidemiology Health Professionals / Epileptology Health Professionals / Extended Care Facility Health Professionals / Family Practice Health Professionals / Forensic Pathology Health Professionals / Gastroenterology Health Professionals / General Practice Health Professionals / General Preventative Medicine Health Professionals / Genetics Health Professionals / Geriatric Medicine Health Professionals / Gerontology Health Professionals / Hematology - General Health Professionals / Hematology Pathology Health Professionals / Hepatology Health Professionals / Home Health Care Health Professionals / Home Infusion Therapy Pharmachy Health Professionals / Hospital Health Professionals / Hospitalist Health Professionals / Hypertension Medicine Health Professionals / Immunology Health Professionals / Immunopathology Health Professionals / Infectious Disease Health Professionals / Infusion Therapy Health Professionals / Institutional/ Inpatient Hospital Pharmacy Health Professionals / Institutional/Inpatient Hospital Pharmacy Health Professionals / Intensive Care Health Professionals / Intern / Resident Health Professionals / Intern / Resident Health Professionals / Intern/ Resident Health Professionals / Internal Medicine Health Professionals / Interventional Cardiology Health Professionals / Laboratory Health Professionals / Legal Medicine Health Professionals / Licensed Clinical Social Worker Health Professionals / Long Term Care Pharmacy Health Professionals / Mammography Health Professionals / Marriage Family Counselor Health Professionals / Massage Therapy Health Professionals / Maternal & Fetal Medicine Health Professionals / Maternity Management Health Professionals / Medical Administration Health Professionals / Medical Biochemical Genetics Health Professionals / Medical Microbiology Health Professionals / Medical Toxicology Health Professionals / Molecular Genetic Pathology Health Professionals / MultiSpecialty Group Health Professionals / Naprapath Health Professionals / Naturopath Health Professionals / Neonatal-Perinatal Medicine Health Professionals / Neonatology Health Professionals / Nephrology Health Professionals / Neuro Opthalmology Health Professionals / Neuromuscular Health Professionals / Neuropathology Health Professionals / Neurophysiology Health Professionals / Neuroradiology Health Professionals / Neurotology Health Professionals / Non-Pharmacy Dispensing Site Health Professionals / Nuclear Cardiology Health Professionals / Nuclear Radiology Health Professionals / Nurse Practitioner Health Professionals / NursePractitioner Health Professionals / Nursing - Adult Health Professionals / Nursing - Advanced Health Professionals / Nursing - Anesthetist Health Professionals / Nursing - Assistant Health Professionals / Nursing - Convalescent Health Professionals / Nursing - Covalescent Health Professionals / Nursing - Family Health Professionals / Nursing - General Health Professionals / Nursing - Midwife Health Professionals / Nursing - Pediatric Health Professionals / Nursing - Skilled Health Professionals / Nursing - Surgical Health Professionals / Nursing Adult Health Professionals / Nursing Advanced Health Professionals / Nursing Anesthetist Health Professionals / Nursing Assistant Health Professionals / Nursing Family Health Professionals / Nursing General Health Professionals / Nursing Home Health Professionals / Nursing Midwife Health Professionals / Nursing Pediatric Health Professionals / Nursing Skilled Health Professionals / Nursing Surgical Health Professionals / Nursing-Family Health Professionals / Nursing-General Health Professionals / Nutrition Health Professionals / Obsterics Health Professionals / Ocular Medicine Health Professionals / Opthalmology Health Professionals / Optician Health Professionals / Optometry Health Professionals / Orthodontics Health Professionals / Osteopathic Medicine Health Professionals / Osteopathy Health Professionals / Other Health Professionals / Otolaryngology Health Professionals / Otology/ Neurotology Health Professionals / Otology/Neurotology Health Professionals / Otorhinolaryngology Health Professionals / Pain Management Health Professionals / Pathology Health Professionals / Pediatric Alcohol Dep Health Professionals / Pediatric Allergy & Immunology Health Professionals / Pediatric Anesthesiology Health Professionals / Pediatric Behavioral Medicine Health Professionals / Pediatric Cardiology Health Professionals / Pediatric Critical Care Medicine Health Professionals / Pediatric Dentistry Health Professionals / Pediatric Dermatology Health Professionals / Pediatric Development Health Professionals / Pediatric Emergency Medicine Health Professionals / Pediatric Endocrinology Health Professionals / Pediatric Gastroenterology Health Professionals / Pediatric Genetics Health Professionals / Pediatric Hospital copy Health Professionals / Pediatric Immunology Health Professionals / Pediatric Infectious Disease Health Professionals / Pediatric Internal Medicine Health Professionals / Pediatric Nephrology Health Professionals / Pediatric Neuropsycology Health Professionals / Pediatric Nutrition Health Professionals / Pediatric Opthalmology Health Professionals / Pediatric Otolaryngology Health Professionals / Pediatric Pathology Health Professionals / Pediatric Pulmonology Health Professionals / Pediatric Radiology Health Professionals / Pediatric Rheumatology Health Professionals / Pediatric Sports Medicine Health Professionals / Pediatric Toxicology Health Professionals / Pediatric Transparent Hepatology Health Professionals / Pediatrics Health Professionals / Pedorthics Health Professionals / Perinatology Health Professionals / Periodontics Health Professionals / Pharmacist Health Professionals / Pharmacology Health Professionals / Pharmacy Health Professionals / Physiatrist Health Professionals / Physical Medicine Health Professionals / Physical Therapy Health Professionals / Podiatry copy Health Professionals / Preventive Medicine Health Professionals / Proctology Health Professionals / Psychoanalysis Health Professionals / Psychosomatic Medicine Health Professionals / Psychostherapy Health Professionals / Public Health Health Professionals / Public Health & General Preventive Medicine Health Professionals / Pulmonary Disease Health Professionals / Pulmonology Health Professionals / Radiology Health Professionals / Radiology - Diagnostic Health Professionals / Radiology - Therapeutic Health Professionals / Radiosotopic Pathology Health Professionals / Registered Nurse Health Professionals / Reproductive Endocrinology Health Professionals / Reproductive Medicine Health Professionals / Resident Health Professionals / Respiratory Care Health Professionals / Respiratory Therapy Health Professionals / Rheumatology Health Professionals / Roentgen & Gamma Physics Health Professionals / Sleep Medicine Health Professionals / Social Worker Health Professionals / Specialty Hospital Health Professionals / Specialty Pharmacy Health Professionals / Speech Therapy Health Professionals / Spinal Cord Injury Medicine Health Professionals / Sports Medicine Health Professionals / Strabismus Health Professionals / Surgical Assistant Health Professionals / Therapeutic Roentgenology Health Professionals / Transplant Hepatology Health Professionals / Undersea & Hyperbaric Medicine Health Professionals / Undersea Medicine Health Professionals / Unspecified Health Professionals / Urgent Care Health Professionals / Vascular & Interventional Radiology Health Professionals / Vascular Disease Health Professionals / Weight Loss Management Health Professionals / Womens Services Health Professionals / Wound Care Health Professionals / X-Ray and Radium Physics Health Professionals / X-Ray and Radium Physics copy Health Purchasers Health Remedies - Remaining Health Remedies - Remaining / Antismoking Product Health Remedies - Remaining / Dieting Aids - Meal Replacements Health Remedies - Remaining / Ear Products Health Remedies - Remaining / Medical Accessory - Remaining Health Remedies - Remaining / Medical Food Products Health Remedies - Remaining / Medical Testing Products Health Remedies - Remaining / Medications and Remedies - Internal Health Remedies - Remaining / Motion Sickness Preventatives Health Remedies - Remaining / Tranquilizers and Calmative Health Seeker Health Sports Health Sports Activewear Health-oriented Exercisers Health/Medical Health>Anti-aging Health>Beauty & Skin-care Health>Dip/Snuff Users Health>Headaches Health>Health Insurance > Aetna Health>Health Insurance > Anthem Health>Health Insurance > BCBS Health>Health Insurance > Cigna Health>Health Insurance > Coventry Health>Health Insurance > HMO Health>Health Insurance > Humana Health>Health Insurance > Insured Health>Health Insurance > Other Ins Health>Health Insurance > PPO Health>Health Insurance > Tricare Health>Health Insurance > United He Health>Health Status > Healthy Health>Health Status > Major Health Health>Health Status > Minor Health Health>Knee or Back Brace Health>Medical Alert System Interes Health>Medicare Advantage Interest Health>Multiple Conditions Health>Physical Pain Health>Pregnancy Health>Prescription Delivery Intere Health>Recent Accident Injury Health>RX Out of Pocket Health>Vape Users Health>Visit Specialist Regularly Healthcare Healthcare / Administration healthcare / busy bee pharmacy Healthcare / Conditions / Allergies Healthcare / Conditions / Allergies / Nasal Allergies Healthcare / Conditions / Arthritis Healthcare / Conditions / Arthritis / Osteoarthritis Healthcare / Conditions / Dental Ailments Healthcare / Conditions / Dental Ailments / Sensitive Teeth Healthcare / Conditions / Digestive Ailments Healthcare / Conditions / Digestive Ailments / Acid Indigestion Healthcare / Conditions / Digestive Ailments / GERD Healthcare / Conditions / Digestive Ailments / Heartburn Healthcare / Conditions / Digestive Ailments / Lactose Intolerance Healthcare / Conditions / Foot Ailments Healthcare / Conditions / High Blood Pressure Healthcare / Conditions / Insomnia Healthcare / Conditions / Insomnia / Nighttime Sleeplessness Healthcare / Conditions / Nasal Congestion Healthcare / Conditions / Nasal Congestion / Nasal Congestion: Frequent Healthcare / Conditions / Nasal Congestion / Nasal Congestion: Infrequent Healthcare / Conditions / Nasal Congestion / Nasal Congestion: Very Frequent Healthcare / Conditions / Nasal Congestion / Trouble Sleeping Due To Breathing Healthcare / Conditions / Pain Healthcare / Conditions / Pain / Back Pain Healthcare / Conditions / Pain / Difficulty Walking Healthcare / Conditions / Pain / Headaches & Migraines Healthcare / Conditions / Pain / Joint Pain Healthcare / Conditions / Respiratory Ailments Healthcare / Conditions / Sinus & Nasal Ailments Healthcare / Conditions / Skin Ailments Healthcare / Conditions / Skin Ailments / Acne Healthcare / Conditions / Skin Ailments / Cold Sores Healthcare / Conditions / Skin Ailments / Eczema or Psoriasis Healthcare / Conditions / Snoring Healthcare / Conditions / Vision Conditions Healthcare / Conditions / Vision Conditions / Macular Degeneration healthcare / dental clinic visitors Healthcare / Disease Control Healthcare / Government Regulations healthcare / guardian pharmacy healthcare / health goods shoppers Healthcare / Health Insurance Healthcare / Healthy Living Healthcare / Healthy Living / Eating Healthy(RU) Healthcare / Healthy Living / Healthy Living(RU) healthcare / hospital visitors Healthcare / Medical & Health Products / Medical & Health Products: Dentures Healthcare / Medical & Health Products / Medical & Health Products: Glasses or Contact Lenses Healthcare / Medical & Health Products / Medical & Health Products: Uses Adult Diapers or Liners Healthcare / Medical Research Healthcare / Medical Testing Healthcare / Medications / Acid Indigestion Medications Healthcare / Medications / Allergy Medication Healthcare / Medications / Allergy Medication / Allergy Medication: Oral Medications Healthcare / Medications / Arthritis Medications Healthcare / Medications / Arthritis Medications / Arthritis Medications: Daily Aspirin Therapy Healthcare / Medications / Cold Sore Medications Healthcare / Medications / Pain Medications Healthcare / Medications / Pain Medications / Headache & Migraine Medications Healthcare / Medications / Respiratory Medications Healthcare / Patient Management healthcare / pharmacy shoppers healthcare / priceline pharmacy Healthcare Adminstrator Healthcare Analytics Healthcare and medicine > Engaged Healthcare and medicine > Highly Interested Healthcare and medicine > Intender Healthcare and medicine > Interested Healthcare Decision Makers Healthcare Products / Cough Remedies / Cough Syrup- Delsym Healthcare Products / Cough Remedies / Cough Syrup-Halls Healthcare Products / Cough Remedies / Cough Syrup-Robitussin Healthcare Products / Cough Remedies / Cough Syrup-Tylenol Healthcare Products / Cough Remedies / Cough Syrup-Vicks 44 Cough Healthcare Products / Cough Remedies / Cough Syrup-Vicks Nyquil Cough Healthcare Products / First Aid / FirstAid Band/Antibiotic Rem-Bactine Healthcare Products / First Aid / FirstAid Band/Antibiotic Rem-Band-Aid Healthcare Products / First Aid / FirstAid Band/Antibiotic Rem-Benadryl Healthcare Products / First Aid / FirstAid Band/Antibiotic Rem-Cortizone Healthcare Products / First Aid / FirstAid Band/Antibiotic Rem-Curad Healthcare Products / First Aid / FirstAid Band/Antibiotic Rem-Neosporin Healthcare Products / IRI : Abreva Buyers Healthcare Products / IRI : Advil Buyers Healthcare Products / IRI : Band Aid Buyers Healthcare Products / IRI : Bausch & Lomb Buyers Healthcare Products / IRI : Bayer Aspirin Buyers Healthcare Products / IRI : Benadryl Buyers Healthcare Products / IRI : Breathe Right Buyers Healthcare Products / IRI : Cepacol Buyers Healthcare Products / IRI : Claritin Buyers Healthcare Products / IRI : Heavy Mucinex Buyers Healthcare Products / IRI : Heavy OTC Buyers Healthcare Products / IRI : Heavy Vitamins Buyers Healthcare Products / IRI : Prilosec OTC Buyers Healthcare Products / IRI : Sudafed Buyers Healthcare Products / IRI : Theraflu Buyers Healthcare Products / IRI : Tums Buyers Healthcare Products / IRI : Tylenol Buyers Healthcare Products / IRI : Zantac Buyers Healthcare Products / Medicine/Drugs/Ailments / Cold/Allergy/Sinus Remedy-Seltzer+ Night Tm Cold Healthcare Products / Medicine/Drugs/Ailments / FirstAid Band/Antibiotic Rem-Betadine Healthcare Products / Medicine/Drugs/Ailments / FirstAid Band/Antibiotic Rem-Powder Healthcare Products / Medicine/Drugs/Ailments / Headache/Pain Reliever-Use Advil Pm Healthcare Products / Medicine/Drugs/Ailments / Heartburn/Indigestion Aids-Use Ever-Mylanta Healthcare Products / Medicine/Drugs/Ailments / Heartburn/Indigestion Aids-Zantac 150 Healthcare Products / Medicine/Drugs/Ailments / Pain Relieving Rubs/Liquids/Wraps-Tiger Balm Healthcare Products / Medicine/Drugs/Ailments / Suffered Acne Lst 12M Healthcare Products / Medicine/Drugs/Ailments / Vitamin/Mineral Brand-Use One-A-Day 50+ Healthcare Products / Medicine/Drugs/Ailments / Vitamin/Mineral Brand-Use-Emergen-C Healthcare Products / Medicine/Drugs/Ailments / Vitamin/Mineral-Use B Complex With C (Stress) Healthcare Products / Medicine/Drugs/Ailments / Wear Contact Lenses-Extended Wear Healthcare Products / Over the Counter Medications - Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Cold/Allergy/Sinus Remedy- Advil Cold/Sinus Healthcare Products / Over the Counter Medications - Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Cold/Allergy/Sinus Remedy- Alka-Seltzer Plus C Healthcare Products / Over the Counter Medications - Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Cold/Allergy/Sinus Remedy- Benadryl Allergy Healthcare Products / Over the Counter Medications - Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Cold/Allergy/Sinus Remedy- Benadryl Allergy & Healthcare Products / Over the Counter Medications - Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Cold/Allergy/Sinus Remedy- Claritin Healthcare Products / Over the Counter Medications - Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Cold/Allergy/Sinus Remedy- Robitussin Cold Healthcare Products / Over the Counter Medications - Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Cold/Allergy/Sinus Remedy- Sudafed Cold & Sinus Healthcare Products / Over the Counter Medications - Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Cold/Allergy/Sinus Remedy- Theraflu Healthcare Products / Over the Counter Medications - Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Cold/Allergy/Sinus Remedy- Tylenol Allergy/Sinus Healthcare Products / Over the Counter Medications - Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Cold/Allergy/Sinus Remedy- Tylenol Cold Healthcare Products / Over the Counter Medications - Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Cold/Allergy/Sinus Remedy- Tylenol Flu Healthcare Products / Over the Counter Medications - Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Cold/Allergy/Sinus Remedy- Tylenol Sinus Healthcare Products / Over the Counter Medications - Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Cold/Allergy/Sinus Remedy- Vicks Dayquil Healthcare Products / Over the Counter Medications - Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Cold/Allergy/Sinus Remedy- Vicks Nyquil Healthcare Products / Over the Counter Medications - Cold/Allergy/Sinus / Cold/Allergy/Sinus Remedy- Vicks Vaporub Healthcare Products / Pain Relievers / Headache/Pain Reliever-Advil Healthcare Products / Pain Relievers / Headache/Pain Reliever-Advil Pm Healthcare Products / Pain Relievers / Headache/Pain Reliever-Aleve Healthcare Products / Pain Relievers / Headache/Pain Reliever-Bayer Aspirin Healthcare Products / Pain Relievers / Headache/Pain Reliever-Excedrin Healthcare Products / Pain Relievers / Headache/Pain Reliever-Motrin Ib Healthcare Products / Pain Relievers / Headache/Pain Reliever-Tylenol Healthcare Products / Pain Relievers / Headache/Pain Reliever-Tylenol Pm Healthcare Products / Pain Relievers / Headache/Pain Reliever-Use Most Often-Equate Healthcare Products / Pain Relievers / Pain Relieving Rubs/Liquids/Wraps-Aspercreme Healthcare Products / Pain Relievers / Pain Relieving Rubs/Liquids/Wraps-Bengay Healthcare Products / Pain Relievers / Pain Relieving Rubs/Liquids/Wraps-Icy Hot Healthcare Products / Pain Relievers / Pain Relieving Rubs/Liquids/Wraps-Thermacare Healthcare Products / Sore Throat / Sore Throat Prod-Cepacol Healthcare Products / Sore Throat / Sore Throat Prod-Chloraseptic Healthcare Products / Sore Throat / Sore Throat Prod-Halls Healthcare Products / Sore Throat / Sore Throat Prod-Luden's Healthcare Products / Sore Throat / Sore Throat Prod-Ricola Healthcare Products / Sore Throat / Sore Throat Prod-Robitussin Honey Drop Healthcare Products / Sore Throat / Sore Throat Prod-Tylenol Sore Throat Healthcare Products / Sore Throat / Sore Throat Prod-Vicks Healthcare Products / Vitamins/Minerals / Vitamin/Mineral Brand-Caltrate Healthcare Products / Vitamins/Minerals / Vitamin/Mineral Brand-Centrum Healthcare Products / Vitamins/Minerals / Vitamin/Mineral Brand-Centrum Silver Healthcare Products / Vitamins/Minerals / Vitamin/Mineral Brand-One-A-Day Woman's Formula Healthcare Products / Vitamins/Minerals / Vitamin/Mineral Brand-Use Most- One-A-Day 50+ Advantage Healthcare Products / Vitamins/Minerals / Vitamin/Mineral-Form Use Also-Caplets/ Tablets Healthcare Products / Vitamins/Minerals / Vitamin/Mineral-Form Use Also-Capsules Healthcare Products / Vitamins/Minerals / Vitamin/Mineral-Form Use Also-Chewable Tablets Healthcare Products / Vitamins/Minerals / Vitamin/Mineral-Form Use Also-Gummy Healthcare Products / Vitamins/Minerals / Vitamin/Mineral-Form Use Also-Softgels Healthcare Products / Vitamins/Minerals / Vitamin/Mineral-Form Use Most-Caplets/ Tablets Healthcare Products / Vitamins/Minerals / Vitamin/Mineral-Form Use Most-Capsules Healthcare Products / Vitamins/Minerals / Vitamin/Mineral-Form Use Most-Chewable Tablets Healthcare Products / Vitamins/Minerals / Vitamin/Mineral-Form Use Most-Gummy Healthcare Products / Vitamins/Minerals / Vitamin/Mineral-Form Use Most-Softgels Healthcare Solutions Healthcare topic twinning Healthies Healthy And Active Lifestyles Healthy Choice Healthy Dog Food Healthy Finnish basic food Healthy Lifestyle Healthy Lifestyles Healthy Living Healthy Living / Dieting and Weight Loss Healthy Living / Health and Fitness HealthyChoice_Adults_25_44_3779 HealthyChoice_RecentFrozEntreePurch_6Mo_3779 HealthyChoice_WellnessGuests_25_44_6Mo_3779 HealthyChoice_Women HealthyChoice_Women_25_44_3779 Heartburn Relief Seekers Hobbies & Interests / Leisure Activities/Hobbies / Fitness Walk-Participate Every Chance I Get Hobbies & Interests / Leisure Activities/Hobbies / Participate in Physical Fitness Program at Home Hobbies & Interests / Leisure Activities/Hobbies / Physical Fitness Program-Regular Participates Last 12 Months Hobbies & Interests / Leisure Activities/Hobbies / Weight Training-Participate Every Chance I Get Hobbies & Interests > Online > Health/Advice Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise / Gyms Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise / Running and Jogging Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise / Strength Training Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise / Walking Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise / Yoga and Pilates Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness / Alternative Medicine Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness / Dieting and Weight Loss Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness / Nutrition Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Politics and Society / Charity (Philanthropy) / Causes / Health and Well- Being Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Politics and Society / Health Care Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Science and Humanities / Medical and Health Sciences Holidays Favourite Types / Activities / sport (Walking and Hiking, Cycling, Health and Fitness etc.) Holidays Favourite Types / Spa Holiday / health Spa Holiday Hot Prospects / Baby Health and Safety Household Economics / High Spend / Expenditure on Accident and Health Insurance Household Economics / High Spend / Expenditure on Dental Fees Household Economics / High Spend / Expenditure on Gym and Health Club Fees Household Economics / High Spend / Expenditure on Total Medical Care and Health Expenses Household Economics / Medium Level of Spend / Expenditure on Accident and Health Insurance Household Economics / Medium Level of Spend / Expenditure on Dental Fees Household Economics / Medium Level of Spend / Expenditure on Gym and Health Club Fees Household Economics / Medium Level of Spend / Expenditure on Total Health and Beauty Household Economics / Medium Level of Spend / Expenditure on Total Medical Care and Health Expenses Household Supplies / First Aid Category Household Supplies / First Aid Category / Johnson and Johnson Brands Human Resources / Wellness and Safety IN / Brand / Apollo Munich Health Insurance Visitors IN / Brand / Apollo Pharmacy Visitors IN / Brand / Bank Of Maharashtra Visitors IN / Brand / Fortis Healthworld Visitors IN / Brand / Health & Glow Visitors IN / Brand / Health India Gym Visitors IN / Brand / Himalaya Wellness Visitors IN / Brand / Medicine Shoppe Visitors IN / Brand / Raj Video Vision Visitors IN / Brand / Snap Fitness Visitors IN / Brand / Star Health And Allied Insurance Visitors IN / Brand / Total Sports & Fitness Visitors IN / Brand / Vision Express Visitors IN / Category / Gym And Fitness Centers Visitors IN / Category / Health And Diet Food Visitors In market / Health / Dental health In market / Health / Diet In market / Health / Eldery Goods In market / Health / Gym/Aerobics In market / Health / Health care items In market / Health / health food In market / Health / Vitamin/Protein In market / Health / Yoga/Pilates In Market / Health Goods In market / health goods / diet foods In Market / Health Goods / Health Foods_Supplement In market / health goods / health foods_supplements In Market > Considering > Beauty_Health In Market > Considering > Beauty_Health > Aging Care In Market > Considering > Beauty_Health > Beauty Appliances In Market > Considering > Beauty_Health > Body Care In Market > Considering > Beauty_Health > Depilation In Market > Considering > Beauty_Health > Diet In Market > Considering > Beauty_Health > Esthetic In Market > Considering > Beauty_Health > For Men In Market > Considering > Beauty_Health > Hair Care In Market > Considering > Beauty_Health > Health Goods In Market > Considering > Beauty_Health > Health Goods > Diet Foods In Market > Considering > Beauty_Health > Health Goods > Health Foods_Supplement In Market > Considering > Beauty_Health > Skin Care In Market > Purchased > Beauty_Health In Market > Purchased > Beauty_Health > Aging Care In Market > Purchased > Beauty_Health > Beauty Appliances In Market > Purchased > Beauty_Health > Body Care In Market > Purchased > Beauty_Health > Depilation In Market > Purchased > Beauty_Health > Diet In Market > Purchased > Beauty_Health > For Men In Market > Purchased > Beauty_Health > Hair Care In Market > Purchased > Beauty_Health > Health Goods In Market > Purchased > Beauty_Health > Oral Care In Market > Purchased > Beauty_Health > Skin Care In Market for / Fitness Products and Services In Market for / General Medical and Health Services In Market for / Health and Medical Services In Market for / Health Products In Market for / Health Services In Market Shoppers / Baby and Maternity / Baby Feeding & Nursing In Market Shoppers / Groceries and Packaged Goods / Health & Beauty In Market Shoppers / Groceries and Packaged Goods / Health Care In Market Shoppers / Groceries and Packaged Goods / Vitamins and Supplements In Market Shoppers / Groceries and Packaged Goods / Weight Watchers In Market Shoppers / Services / Health and Health- Related Insurance In Market Shoppers / Sports / Fitness & Sports In Market Shoppers / Sports / Fitness Equipment In-Market - $0.00 / US / Canada / In-Market / Health & Wellness In-Market - $0.00 / US / Canada / In-Market / Health & Wellness / Natural Wellness In-Market - $0.00 / US / Canada / In-Market / Health & Wellness / Weight Loss & Supplements In-Market - $0.00 / US / Canada / In-Market / Sports / Fitness In-Market (2) / Men's health In-Market (2) / Women's health In-Market / Babies & Kids / Baby Gear / Nursing & Feeding In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Food & Beverages / Special Types / Health Foods In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Beauty In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Beauty / Hair Care In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Beauty / Nail Care In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Beauty / Skin Care In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Beauty / Skin Care / Masks & Peels In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Health In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Health / Aromatherapy In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Health / First Aid In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Health / Health Electronics In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Health / Massage Tools In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Health / Vitamins & Dietary Supplements In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Health / Weight Management In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Optical In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Optical / Contact Lenses & Lens Care Products In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Personal Care In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Personal Care / Bath Products In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Personal Care / Dental In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health and Beauty In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health and Beauty / Beauty Product Buyers In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health and Beauty / Beauty Product Buyers / Hair Care In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health and Beauty / Beauty Product Buyers / Skin Care In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health and Beauty / Health In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health and Beauty / Health / First Aid In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health and Beauty / Health / Vitamins and Dietary Supplements In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health and Beauty / Health / Weight Management In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health and Beauty / Optical In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health and Beauty / Optical / Contact Lenses and Lens Care Products In-Market / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health and Beauty / Personal Care In-Market / Financial Products & Services / Insurance / Health & Health-Related Insurance In-Market / Financial Products and Services / Insurance / Health and Health-Related Insurance In-Market / Health & Beauty In-Market / Health & Beauty / Contacts, Reading Glasses, & Vision Care In-Market / Health & Beauty / Hair Care In-Market / Health & Beauty / Hair Care / Hair Care Appliances In-Market / Health & Beauty / Hair Care / Hair Treatment In-Market / Health & Beauty / Skin Care In-Market / Health & Beauty / Vitamins & Nutrition In-Market / Health & Wellness In-Market / Health & Wellness / Natural Wellness In-Market / Health & Wellness / Weight Loss & Supplements In-Market / In-Market for Exercise Equipment In-Market / Retail / Entertainment / Books & Magazines / Nonfiction Books / Health Diet & Exercise In-Market / Retail / Sports Equipment & Outdoor Gear / Exercise & Fitness In-Market / Retail / Sports Equipment & Outdoor Gear / Exercise & Fitness / Home Gyms In-Market / Retail / Sports Equipment & Outdoor Gear / Exercise & Fitness / Workout & Yoga In-Market / Retail / Sports Equipment & Outdoor Gear / Exercise Electronics In-Market / Retail / Sports Equipment and Outdoor Gear / Exercise and Fitness In-Market / Retail / Sports Equipment and Outdoor Gear / Exercise and Fitness / Home Gyms In-Market / Retail / Sports Equipment and Outdoor Gear / Exercise and Fitness / Workout and Yoga In-Market / Retail / Sports Equipment and Outdoor Gear / Exercise Electronics In-Market / Services / Health In-Market / Services / Health / Dental In-Market / Services / Health / Home Health Care In-Market / Services / Health / Medical In-Market / Services / Health / Pharmacies In-Market / Services / Personal Care / Fitness Centers In-Market / Sports / Fitness In-Market / Sports Equipment & Outdoor Gear / Fitness Equipment In-Market / US / Canada / In-Market / Health & Wellness In-Market / US / Canada / In-Market / Health & Wellness / Natural Wellness In-Market / US / Canada / In-Market / Health & Wellness / Weight Loss & Supplements In-Market / US / Canada / In-Market / Sports / Fitness In-Market / US / Canada / Retail / Health & Wellness In-Market / US / Canada / Retail / Health & Wellness / Natural Wellness In-Market / US / Canada / Retail / Health & Wellness / Weight Loss & Supplements In-Market / US / Canada / Retail / Sports / Fitness India / Health Industries / Healthcare Infectious Disease Healthcare Providers Inspired / Personas / Fitness Enthusiasts Inspired / Personas / Health and Beauty Buyer Persona Inspired / Personas / Health and Wellbeing Enthusiast Persona Insurance / ACA Health Insurance Purchasers / ACA Health Insurance Purchasers: Highly Likely Insurance / ACA Health Insurance Purchasers / ACA Health Insurance Purchasers: Likely Insurance / ACA Health Insurance Purchasers / ACA Health Insurance Purchasers: Unlikely Insurance / BlueCross BlueShield Medical Insurance Insurance / Dental Insurance Owners Insurance / Employer Provided Health Insurance Holders / Employer Provided Health Insurance Holders: Highly Likely Insurance / Employer Provided Health Insurance Holders / Employer Provided Health Insurance Holders: Likely Insurance / Employer Provided Health Insurance Holders / Employer Provided Health Insurance Holders: Unlikely Insurance / Group Retiree Health Plan Members Insurance / Has A Private Health Insurance (Power Reach) Insurance / Has A Private Health Insurance (Super Target) Insurance / Health Insurance Insurance / Health Insurance (personal) Insurance / Health Insurance (through work) Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely Acquisition Channel Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely Acquisition Channel / Medical Insurance from a Fraternal or Other Membership Group Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely Acquisition Channel / Medical Insurance from a Union Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely Acquisition Channel / Medical Insurance from Agent or Broker Representing Many Companies Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely Acquisition Channel / Medical Insurance from an Agent Representing One Company Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely Acquisition Channel / Medical Insurance from Medicaid Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely Acquisition Channel / Medical Insurance from Medicare Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely Acquisition Channel / Medical Insurance from Other Government Source Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely Acquisition Channel / Medical Insurance Through Direct Mail or Phone Contact Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely Acquisition Channel / Medical Insurance Through the Internet Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely Brand Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely Brand / Aetna Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely Brand / Aflac Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely Brand / Bankers Life & Casualty Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely Brand / Cigna Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely Brand / Delta Dental Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely Brand / Group Health Cooperative Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely Brand / Health Net Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely Brand / Humana Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely Brand / Kaiser Permanente Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely Brand / Mutual of Omaha Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely Brand / Oxford Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely Brand / PacifiCare Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely Brand / State Farm Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely Brand / Unicare Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely Brand / United Healthcare Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely to Have Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely to Have / Dental Insurance Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely to Have / Have Long Term Care Insurance Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely to Have / No Major Medical Insurance Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely to Have / You Alone Insurance / Health Insurance / Likely to Have / You and Other Household Members Insurance / HealthInsurance / HealthInsurance Insurance / Medical Insurance / Dental Insurance(RU) Insurance / Medical Insurance / Vision Insurance(RU) Insurance / Medicare Plan D Prescription Drug Purchasers / Medicare Plan D Prescription Drug Purchasers: Highly Likely Insurance / Medicare Plan D Prescription Drug Purchasers / Medicare Plan D Prescription Drug Purchasers: Likely Insurance / Medicare Plan D Prescription Drug Purchasers / Medicare Plan D Prescription Drug Purchasers: Unlikely Insurance / Other Insurance / Likely other Medical Insurance Insurance / Other Insurance / Likely other Medical Insurance / Long Term Care Insurance Insurance / Other Insurance / Likely other Medical Insurance / Vision Care Insurance Insurance / Prescription Drug Plan Policyholders Insurance / Purchase Behaviour / High Spenders on Medical Insurance Insurance / Self-Insured (Health) / Self-Insured (Health): Highly Likely Insurance / Self-Insured (Health) / Self-Insured (Health): Likely Insurance / Self-Insured (Health) / Self-Insured (Health): Unlikely Insurance / Self-Insured Dental Customers / Self- Insured Dental Customers: Highly Likely Insurance / Self-Insured Dental Customers / Self- Insured Dental Customers: Likely Insurance / Self-Insured Dental Customers / Self- Insured Dental Customers: Unlikely Insurance / Uninsured (Health) / Uninsured (Health): Highly Likely Insurance / Uninsured (Health) / Uninsured (Health): Likely Insurance / Uninsured (Health) / Uninsured (Health): Unlikely Insurance / United Healthcare Medical Insurance Insurance / Works for a Small Company that Offers Health Insurance / Works for a Small Company that Offers Health Insurance: Highly Likely Insurance / Works for a Small Company that Offers Health Insurance / Works for a Small Company that Offers Health Insurance: Likely Insurance / Works for a Small Company that Offers Health Insurance / Works for a Small Company that Offers Health Insurance: Unlikely Insurance Policies Held / Private Health Insurance Insurance Services / Dental Insurance Insurance Services / Health Care Insurance Intent - Health & Fitness Intent / Fitness & Health Intent / Bank and Insurance / Dental Insurance Intent / Bank and Insurance / Health Insurance Intent / Beauty / Health & Beauty Intent / Beauty / Health Care Intent / Beauty / Health Care / Fitness & Nutrition Intent / Beauty / Health Care / Medicine & Drugs Intent / Beauty / Weight Loss Intent / Charity / Mental Health / Consider Intent / Charity / Mental Health / Donated Intent / CPG / Dairy / Digestive Health Non Yogurt Intent / CPG / Dairy / Digestive Health Yogurt Intent / CPG / Diet Foods Intent / CPG / Frozen Foods / Frozen Entree / Healthy Choice Intent / CPG / Frozen Foods / Frozen Entree / Healthy Choice / Cafe Steamers Intent / CPG / Frozen Foods / Frozen Entree / Weight Watchers Intent / CPG / Frozen Foods / Frozen Entree / Weight Watchers / Smart Ones Intent / CPG / Groceries / Novelty / Weight Watchers Intent / CPG / Groceries / Nutritional Intent / CPG / Groceries / Nutritional / Ensure Intent / CPG / Groceries / Shelf Stable Liquid Soup / Campbells / Chunky / Healthy Request Intent / CPG / Groceries / Shelf Stable Liquid Soup / Campbells / Healthy Request Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty / Allergy Relief Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty / Cough and Cold Relief Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty / Cough and Cold Relief / Halls Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty / Cough and Cold Relief / Tums Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty / Ear Care Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty / Eye Care Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty / Hair Care Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty / Hair Care / Goody Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty / Medical Supplies Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty / Oral Care / Aquafresh Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty / Oral Care / Arm and Hammer Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty / Oral Care / Chap Stick Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty / Oral Care / Colgate Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty / Oral Care / Crest Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty / Oral Care / Listerine Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty / Oral Care / Oral B Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty / Oral Care / Sensodyne Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty / Pain Relievers / Advil Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty / Pain Relievers / Aleve Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty / Pain Relievers / Bayer Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty / Skin Care Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty / Skin Care / Facial Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty / Stomach Care Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty / Vitamins Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty / Vitamins / Nature Made Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty / Vitamins / Natures Bounty Intent / CPG / Health and Beauty / Vitamins / Sundown Natural Intent / CPG / Health Food Intent / CPG / Health Food / Dried Fruit Intent / CPG / Health Food / Dried Fruit / Sun Maid Intent / CPG / Health Food / Dried Fruit / Sunsweet Intent / CPG / Household Supplies / First Aid Intent / CPG / Household Supplies / First Aid / Johnson and Johnson Intent / Finance and Insurance / Health Intent / Financial Intent / Insurance / Health Intent / Health Intent / Health / Fitness & Nutrition Intent / Health / Fitness Equipment Intent / Health / Fitness Services Intent / Health / Health Foods & Vitamins Intent / Health / Medicine Intent / Health / Medicines & Prescriptions Intent / Health / Spa & Wellness Intent / Health & Fitness Intent / Health and personal care Intent / Health_&_Fitness Intent / Health_&_Fitness / New_Health_&_Fitness_Buffs Intent / Mobile App / Healthy Living Intent / Pharmaceutical / Pharmacy Patrons - Cookies Intent / Pharmaceutical / Pharmacy_Patrons Intent / Propensity / Finance / Insurance / Insurance / Health Intent / Services / Health Medicine Intent / Services / Medicine and Health Intent / Services / Personal Services and Care / Health Club Intent / Services / Restaurants / Health and Vegan Intent / Shopping / CPG / FMCG / Health and Beauty Intent / Shopping / Health and Beauty Intent / Sports / Exercise & Fitness Intent / Web / Healthy Living Interesse Online / Fitness e Nutriciao Interest - $0.00 / Brazil / Health Interest - $0.00 / India / Health Interest - $0.00 / Mexico / Health Interest - $0.00 / New Zealand / Diet and Exercise Interest - $0.00 / New Zealand / Health Interest - $0.00 / Singapore / Health Interest - $0.00 / US / Canada / Interests / CPG / Health & Beauty Interest - $0.00 / US / Canada / Interests / CPG / Health & Beauty / Diet & Nutrition Interest - $0.00 / US / Canada / Interests / CPG / Health & Beauty / Skincare Interest - $0.00 / US / Canada / Interests / CPG / Health & Beauty / Sports Nutrition Interest - Deprecated / Brazil / Health Interest - Deprecated / Mexico / Health Interest - Diet Interest - Fitness INTEREST - Fitness & Health Interest - Health Interest - Health & Fitness INTEREST - Healthcare INTEREST - Healthcare - Vitamins & Supplements INTEREST - Weight Control Interest - Wellness Interest (Affinity) / Eating Styles / Healthy Interest (Affinity) / Eating Styles / Low Sugar Diet Interest (Affinity) / Eating Styles / Weight Conscious Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Eye Care Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Hair Care Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Oral Care Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Vitamins Interest / Arts & Entertainment / Reading / Medical/Health Interest / Baby / Baby Health Interest / Baby / Infant & Toddler Nutrition Interest / beauty / dental care Interest / beauty / diet Interest / beauty / health foods_supplement Interest / Brazil / Health Interest / Breast Cancer Awareness Month Interest / CPG / Health & Beauty Interest / CPG / Health & Beauty / Bath products Interest / CPG / Health & Beauty / Hair Care Interest / CPG / Health & Beauty / Pharma Interest / CPG / Health & Beauty / Skin care Interest / Diet and Fitness Interest / Diet and Fitness / Cycling Interest / Diet and Fitness / Diet and Weight Loss Interest / Diet and Fitness / Fitness and Exercise Interest / Diet and Fitness / Health and Wellness Interest / Diet and Fitness / Running Interest / Diet and Fitness / Triathlon Interest / Diet and Fitness / Yoga Interest / Family / Health Interest / Finance / Health Insurance Interest / Finance / Insurance / Health Insurance Interest / Finance / Insurance Health (Canada) Interest / Finance / Stocks / Pharma & Healthcare Interest / Fitness Interest / Fitness Enthusiasts (Running/Gym/Sport) Interest / Food / Diet and Weight Loss Interest / Food & Drink / Food / Healthy food Interest / Food & Drink / Food Allergies Interest / Food & Drink / Health Food Interest / Food & Drink / Healthy Cooking and Eating Interest / Food & Drink / Healthy Eating Interest / Food & Drink / Healthy Food Interest / Food & Drink / Vegan Diets Interest / Food & Drink / Vegetarian Diets Interest / Food and Drink / Eating Styles / Healthy Interest / Food and Drink / Healthy Eating Interest / Food and Drinks / Healthy Eating Interest / General Interest / Health Interest / General Topics / Health Interest / Health Interest / Health (EN), Salud (ES), Saude (PT) Interest / Health / Adult Diseases (Prevention) Interest / Health / Aging Interest / Health / Alternative Medicine Interest / Health / Children's Health Interest / Health / Dental Care Interest / Health / Dental health Interest / Health / Diet Interest / Health / Diet & Weight Loss Interest / Health / Eldery Goods Interest / Health / Exercise Interest / Health / Fitness Interest / Health / Gym/Aerobics Interest / Health / Gyms Interest / Health / Health & Fitness Interest / Health / Health and Disease Interest / health / health care Interest / Health / Health care items Interest / Health / health food Interest / Health / Health Service Interest / Health / Healthy Eating Interest / Health / Healthy Lifestyle Interest / Health / Healthy Living Interest / Health / Insurance Interest / health / Kampo Interest / Health / Medication / Allergy Interest / Health / Medication / Cold and Flu Interest / Health / Medication / Eyes Interest / Health / Medication / Sedatives and Sleeping Pills Interest / Health / Men's Health Interest / Health / Men's Nutrition Interest / Health / No Smoking Interest / Health / Nutrition Interest / health / nutrition care Interest / Health / Oral Care Interest / Health / Organic Food Interest / Health / Pollen Allergy Interest / Health / Posture Correction Interest / Health / Senior Nutrition Interest / Health / Sleep Disorders Interest / Health / Smoking Cessation Interest / Health / Vegetarians & Vegans Interest / Health / Vitamin/Protein Interest / Health / Weight Loss Interest / Health / Women's Health Interest / Health / Women's Nutrition Interest / Health / Yoga & Pilates Interest / Health / Yoga/Pilates Interest / Health & Fitness / Diet / Calorie Counters Interest / Health & Fitness / Fitness / Fitness enthusiasts Interest / Health & Fitness / Runners Interest / Health & Fitness / Runners.Interest / Health & Fitness Lovers Interest / Health and Fitness Interest / Health and Fitness (App Usage) Interest / Health and Fitness / Diet Products / Weight Loss Interest / Health and Fitness / Fitness and Gym Interest / Health and Fitness / Medicine Interest / Health and Personal Care Interest / Health and Personal Care / Fitness Interest / Health and Personal Care / Men's Health Interest / Health and Personal Care / Pharma Products Interest / Health and Personal Care / Wellness Interest / Health and Personal Care / Women's Health Interest / Health and wellbeing Interest / Health and wellbeing / Fitness and exercise Interest / Health Beauty & Personal Care Interest / Health Beauty & Personal Care / Face & Body Care Interest / Health Beauty & Personal Care / Fitness Interest / Health Beauty & Personal Care / Fitness / Dieting & Weight Loss Interest / Health Beauty & Personal Care / Fitness / Strength Training Interest / Health Beauty & Personal Care / Hair Care Interest / Health Beauty & Personal Care / Health Interest / Health Beauty & Personal Care / Health / Allergies Interest / Health Beauty & Personal Care / Health / Natural Medicine Interest / Health Beauty & Personal Care / Nutrition Interest / Health Beauty & Personal Care / Wellness Interest / Health Beauty & Style / Vitamins & Supplements Interest / Health_&_Fitness Interest / Health_&_Fitness / Avid_Cyclists Interest / Health_&_Fitness / Avid_Hikers Interest / Health_&_Fitness / Avid_Runners Interest / Health_&_Fitness / Avid_Skiers Interest / Health_&_Fitness / Avid_Surfers Interest / Health_&_Fitness / Calorie_Counters Interest / Health_&_Fitness / Fitness_Device_Owners Interest / Health_&_Fitness / Health_&_Fitness_Enthusiasts Interest / Health, Beauty & Personal Care Interest / Health, Beauty & Personal Care / Fitness Interest / Health, Beauty & Personal Care / Nutrition Interest / Health, Beauty and Style Interest / Health, Beauty and Style / Dieting and Weight Loss Interest / Health, Beauty and Style / Health Interest / Health, Beauty and Style / Health / Allergies Interest / Health, Beauty and Style / Health / Alternative Medicine Interest / Health, Beauty and Style / Nutrition Interest / Health, Beauty and Style / Personal Care Interest / Health, Beauty and Style / Vitamins and Supplements Interest / Health, Beauty and Style / Wellness Interest / Healthy Living Interest / Healthy Living / Children's Health Interest / Healthy Living / Fitness Interest / Healthy Living / Fitness and Exercise Interest / Healthy Living / Men's Health Interest / Healthy Living / Nutrition Interest / Healthy Living / Nutrition and Diets Interest / Healthy Living / Weight Loss Interest / Healthy Living / Wellness Interest / Healthy Living / Wellness / Alternative Medicine Interest / Healthy Living / Wellness / Alternative Medicine / Herbs and Supplements Interest / Healthy Living / Wellness / Physical Therapy Interest / Healthy Living / Wellness / Smoking Cessation Interest / Healthy Living / Women's Health Interest / India / Health Interest / insurance / health insurance Interest / insurance / medical insurance Interest / Lifestyle / Healthy Living Interest / Lifestyle / Smoking Interest / Lifestyles / Healthy Living Interest / Medical Health Interest / Medical Health / Cosmetic Medical Services Interest / Medical Health / Diseases and Conditions Interest / Medical Health / Diseases and Conditions / Bone and Joint Conditions Interest / Medical Health / Diseases and Conditions / Cold and Flu Interest / Medical Health / Diseases and Conditions / Ear, Nose and Throat Conditions Interest / Medical Health / Diseases and Conditions / Endocrine and Metabolic Diseases Interest / Medical Health / Diseases and Conditions / Eye and Vision Conditions Interest / Medical Health / Diseases and Conditions / Foot Health Interest / Medical Health / Diseases and Conditions / Injuries Interest / Medical Health / Diseases and Conditions / Injuries / First Aid Interest / Medical Health / Diseases and Conditions / Lung and Respiratory Health Interest / Medical Health / Diseases and Conditions / Skin and Dermatology Interest / Medical Health / Medical Tests Interest / Medical Health / Vaccines Interest / Mexico / Health Interest / New Zealand / Diet and Exercise Interest / New Zealand / Health Interest / Nutrition Interest / Personal Finance / Financial Assistance / Government Support and Welfare Interest / Personal Finance / Insurance / Health Insurance Interest / Politics & Society / Charities & Non-Profits / Health Interest / Politics & Society / Charities & Non-Profits / Social Services/Welfare Interest / Politics and Society / Charities and Non- Profits / Health Interest / Politics and Society / Charities and Non- Profits / Social Services/Welfare Interest / Purchase Behaviors / Financial Products / Health Insurance Interest / Purchase Behaviors / Shopping / Health and Beauty Interest / recipe / diet Interest / Science and Humanities / Medical and Health Sciences Interest / Seasonal / Spring / Allergies Interest / Seasonal / Winter / Cold and Flu Interest / Singapore / Health Interest / society / welfare_care Interest / Society / Welfare_Nursing Interest / Sport / Fitness Interest / Sports / Fitness Interest / Sports / Weight Training Interest / Sports / Weightlifting Interest / Sports and Recreation / Fitness Interest / Sports and Recreation / Fitness / Aerobics Interest / Sports and Recreation / Fitness / Strength Training Interest / Sports and Recreation / Fitness / Yoga and Pilates Interest / US / Canada / Interests / CPG / Health & Beauty Interest / US / Canada / Interests / CPG / Health & Beauty / Diet & Nutrition Interest / US / Canada / Interests / CPG / Health & Beauty / Skincare Interest / US / Canada / Interests / CPG / Health & Beauty / Sports Nutrition Interest / US / Canada / Seasonal / Breast Cancer Awareness Month Interest / Wellness Interest & Activity / Health & Fitness Interest & Activity / Health & Fitness / Avid Cyclists - Cookies Interest & Activity / Health & Fitness / Avid Hikers - Cookies Interest & Activity / Health & Fitness / Avid Runners - Cookies Interest & Activity / Health & Fitness / Avid Skiers - Cookies Interest & Activity / Health & Fitness / Calorie Counters - Cookies Interest & Activity / Health & Fitness / Fitness Device Owners - Cookies Interest & Activity / Health & Fitness / Health & Fitness Enthusiasts - Cookies Interest Based / Health & Fitness / Health Nuts (Updated) Interest Based / Health & Fitness / Symptoms and Diagnosis (Updated) Interest from Social Activity > Essilor > Vertical > Laser Vision Correction Interest from Social Activity > Essilor > Vertical > Vision Care Interest from Social Activity > Prestige Brands > Custom > Motion Sickness LR Interest/Hobbies / Beauty/Healthcare / Segment Plus - Dental Care Interest/Hobbies / Beauty/Healthcare / Segment Plus - Dental Care(High Interest) Interest/Hobbies / Beauty/Healthcare / Segment Plus - Dieting Interest/Hobbies / Beauty/Healthcare / Segment Plus - Dieting(High Interest) Interest/Hobbies / Groceries / Segment Plus - Health Products Interest/Hobbies / Groceries / Segment Plus - Health Products(High Interest) Interested in / Health/Beauty Products Interested in Exercise Interested In Health (Power Reach) Interested In Health (Super Target) Interested In Nutrition And Health (Power Reach) Interested In Nutrition And Health (Super Target) Interested In Weight Loss (Power Reach) Interested In Weight Loss (Super Target) Interested in Wellness Interested In Wellness (Power Reach) Interested In Wellness (Super Target) Interested In: Health / Beauty Products Interests / Arts & Entertainment / Reading / Medical/Health Interests / Cooking, Food and Beverage / Nutritional Foods Interests / Fitness Interests / Fitness / Wellness Interests / General Interests / Nutrition And Gastronomy Interests / Health and Well-Being Interests / Health and wellbeing Interests / Health and wellbeing / Diet Interests / Health and wellbeing / Fitness and exercise Interests / Health, Beauty and Personal Care Interests / Health, Beauty and Personal Care / Face and Body Care Interests / Health, Beauty and Personal Care / Health and Fitness Interests / Health, Beauty and Personal Care / Health and Fitness / Diet Interests / Health, Beauty and Personal Care / Health and Fitness / Diet / Dieting and Weight Loss Interests / Health, Beauty and Personal Care / Health and Fitness / Diet / Weight Management Interests / Health, Beauty and Personal Care / Health and Fitness / Fitness Interests / Health, Beauty and Personal Care / Health and Fitness / Fitness -- Co-op Sourced Interests / Health, Beauty and Personal Care / Health and Fitness / Health Interests / Health, Beauty and Personal Care / Health and Fitness / Physical Fitness Clubs Interests / Health, Beauty and Personal Care / Health and Indoor Acivity -- Co-op Sourced Interests / Interested In: Alternative Healthcare (Power Reach) Interests / Interested In: Alternative Healthcare (Super Target) Interests / Interested In: Diet Tips (Power Reach) Interests / Interested In: Diet Tips (Super Target) Interests / Interested in: Exercise Interests / Interested In: Exercise (Power Reach) Interests / Interested In: Exercise (Super Target) Interests / Interested In: Health And Healthcare (Power Reach) Interests / Interested In: Health And Healthcare (Super Target) Interests / Interested In: Healthy Foods (Power Reach) Interests / Interested In: Healthy Foods (Super Target) Interests / Lifestyles / Healthy Living Interests / Mobile App / Health and Wellness Interests / Mobile App / Health and Wellness / OTC Health Interests / Pharmacy Buyers Interests / Topics / De-stress (Female) Interests / Topics / Diet and Weight Loss (Female) Interests / Topics / Health and Sports Interests / Topics / Health Diet Interests / Topics / Stress and Diet International / Asia-Pacific (APAC) / Australia / Lifestyle & Lifestage / Behavioral / Gym and Fitness Lifestyle International / Asia-Pacific (APAC) / Australia / Retail / Behavioral / Health Food Shoppers International / Asia-Pacific (APAC) / Hong Kong / Lifestyle & Lifestage / Behavioral / Gym and Fitness Lifestyle International / Asia-Pacific (APAC) / Hong Kong / Retail / Behavioral / Health Food Shoppers International / Asia-Pacific (APAC) / Hong Kong / Retail / Pharmacy (Drug Stores) / Watsons International / Asia-Pacific (APAC) / Japan / Lifestyle & Lifestage / Behavioral / Gym and Fitness Lifestyle International / Asia-Pacific (APAC) / Japan / Retail / Behavioral / Health Food Shoppers International / Asia-Pacific (APAC) / Singapore / Lifestyle & Lifestage / Behavioral / Gym and Fitness Lifestyle International / Asia-Pacific (APAC) / Singapore / Retail / Behavioral / Health Food Shoppers International / Asia-Pacific (APAC) / Singapore / Retail / Pharmacy (Drug Stores) / Watsons IQ / Geo-Behavioural / Health and Beauty / Female Hair and Beauty Customers IQ / Geo-Behavioural / Healthcare / Pharmacy Shoppers IQ / Geo-Behavioural / Healthcare / Visits Healthcare Facilities Issue Most Important / Improving Health Services and Hospitals Issue of Most Importance / Improving Health Services and Hospitals Italy (IT) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Interest (Affinity) / Eating Styles / Healthy Italy (IT) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products Italy (IT) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Hair Care Italy (IT) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness Italy (IT) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise Italy (IT) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise / Gyms Italy (IT) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise / Running and Jogging Italy (IT) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise / Walking Italy (IT) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness Italy (IT) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness / Dieting and Weight Loss Italy (IT) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness / Nutrition Italy (IT) / Lifestyles / Enthusiasts / Healthy Living Italy (IT) / Retail / In-Market / Health and Fitness Italy (IT) / Retail / In-Market / Health and Fitness / Fitness Italy (IT) / Retail / Purchase-Based / Categories / Health and Fitness Buyers Italy (IT) / Retail / Purchase-Based / Categories / Health and Fitness Buyers / Fitness Italy / Behavioral - Lifestyle and Lifestage / Gym and Fitness Lifestyle Italy / Behavioral - Retail / Health Food Shoppers Italy / Health & Fitness / Diet and Weight Loss Italy / Health &amp; Fitness / Diet and Weight Loss Italy / Healthcare and medicine / IT > Charity Italy / Healthcare and medicine / IT > Dental Care Italy / Healthcare and medicine / IT > Diet and nutrition Italy / Healthcare and medicine / IT > Health and Care Products Italy / Healthcare and medicine / IT > Healthcare and medicine Italy / Interest / Health and Beauty Italy / Interest / Health and Beauty / Anatomy Italy / Interest / Health and Beauty / Child Care Italy / Interest / Health and Beauty / Dentist Italy / Interest / Health and Beauty / Diet and nutrition Italy / Interest / Health and Beauty / Hair Products Italy / Interest / Health and Beauty / Health Italy / Interest / Health and Beauty / Health and Care Products Italy / Interest / Health and Beauty / Healthcare and medicine Italy / Interest / Health and Beauty / Medicine Italy / Interest / Health and Beauty / Pharmacy Italy / Interest / Health and Beauty / Relaxation Therapy Italy / Interest / Health and Beauty / Tobacco Italy / Interests / Healthy Living / Beauty & Wellness Enthusiasts Italy / Interests / Healthy Living / Beauty & Wellness Enthusiasts Italy / Interests / Healthy Living / Health and Fitness Enthusiasts Italy / Interests / Healthy Living / Health and Fitness Enthusiasts Italy / Interests / Healthy Living / Organic & Eco Conscious Italy / Interests / Healthy Living / Organic & Eco Conscious Italy / Interests / Sports / Fitness Fanatics Italy / Interests / Sports / Fitness Fanatics Italy Custom Segments / General Health & Beauty Italy Custom Segments / Male Health & Beauty Japan (JP) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Interest (Affinity) / Eating Styles / Healthy Japan (JP) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products Japan (JP) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Hair Care Japan (JP) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Vitamins Japan (JP) / Financial Services / Insurance / Interest (Affinity) / Health Insurance Japan (JP) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness Japan (JP) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise Japan (JP) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness (Kenko) Japan (JP) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness (Kenko) / Dieting and Weight Loss Japan (JP) / Lifestyles / Enthusiasts (Aikouka) / Healthy Living Japan (JP) / Retail / In-Market / Health and Fitness Japan (JP) / Retail / In-Market / Health and Fitness / Fitness Japan (JP) / Retail / Purchase-Based / Categories / Health and Fitness Buyers Japan (JP) / Retail / Purchase-Based / Categories / Health and Fitness Buyers / Fitness Japan / Master Interests / Health & Fitness / Beauty Service Japan / Master Interests / Health & Fitness / Hospital JO / Geo-Behavioural / Health and Beauty / Female Hair and Beauty Customers JO / Geo-Behavioural / Healthcare / Pharmacy Shoppers JO / Geo-Behavioural / Healthcare / Visits Healthcare Facilities Johnson and Johnson / Clean & Clear Acne Likely Triers Johnson and Johnson / Clean & Clear Current Brand Buyer Johnson and Johnson / Neutrogena Oil Free Acne Current Brander Buyer Johnson and Johnson / Neutrogena Oil Free Acne Likely Triers JP / Category / Health And Diet Food Visitors JPN / healthcare JPN / healthcare / dental clinic visitors JPN / healthcare / health goods shoppers JPN / healthcare / pharmacy shoppers JPN / retail / sporting goods & fitness shoppers Juice and healthy living Keyword / Finance / Health Insurance Keyword / Food and Cooking / Quick & Healthy Meals Keyword / Health & Hygiene / Arthritis Treatment Keyword / Health & Hygiene / Athlete's Foot Keyword / Health & Hygiene / Blood Sugar Management Keyword / Health & Hygiene / Cholesterol Keyword / Health & Hygiene / Eczema Treatment Keyword / Health & Hygiene / Healthies Keyword / Health & Hygiene / Men's Hygiene Keyword / Health & Hygiene / Optometry Keyword / Health & Hygiene / Personal Hygiene Keyword / Health & Hygiene / Psoriasis Treatment Keyword / Health & Hygiene / Skin Care Keyword / Health & Hygiene / Skincare & Cosmetic Brands Keyword / Health & Hygiene / Spine Keyword / Health & Hygiene / Vitamin Users Keyword / Health & Hygiene / Weight-loss Seekers Keyword / Healthcare Solutions Keyword / US / Finance / Health Insurance Keyword / US / Food and Cooking / Quick & Healthy Meals Keyword / US / Health & Hygiene / Arthritis Treatment Keyword / US / Health & Hygiene / Athlete's Foot Keyword / US / Health & Hygiene / Blood Sugar Management Keyword / US / Health & Hygiene / Cholesterol Keyword / US / Health & Hygiene / Dental Work Keyword / US / Health & Hygiene / Eczema Treatment Keyword / US / Health & Hygiene / Healthies Keyword / US / Health & Hygiene / Men's Hygiene Keyword / US / Health & Hygiene / Optometry Keyword / US / Health & Hygiene / Personal Hygiene Keyword / US / Health & Hygiene / Psoriasis Treatment Keyword / US / Health & Hygiene / Skin Care Keyword / US / Health & Hygiene / Skincare & Cosmetic Brands Keyword / US / Health & Hygiene / Spine Keyword / US / Health & Hygiene / Vitamin Users Keyword / US / Health & Hygiene / Weight-loss Seekers Keyword / US / Healthcare Solutions Keyword / US / Sports / Weightlifting Keywords / Australia / Nonprofit / World Vision Keywords / US / Finance / Health Insurance Keywords / US / Food and Cooking / Quick & Healthy Meals Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Arthritis Treatment Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Athlete's Foot Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Blood Sugar Management Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Cholesterol Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Dental Work Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Eczema Treatment Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Healthies Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Men's Hygiene Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Optometry Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Personal Hygiene Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Psoriasis Treatment Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Skin Care Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Skincare & Cosmetic Brands Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Spine Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Vitamin Users Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Weight-loss Seekers Keywords / US / Healthcare Solutions Keywords / US / Sports / Weightlifting Keywords / Australia / Nonprofit / World Vision Keywords / US / Finance / Health Insurance Keywords / US / Food and Cooking / Quick & Healthy Meals Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Arthritis Treatment Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Athlete's Foot Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Blood Sugar Management Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Cholesterol Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Dental Work Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Eczema Treatment Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Healthies Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Men's Hygiene Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Optometry Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Personal Hygiene Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Psoriasis Treatment Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Skin Care Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Skincare & Cosmetic Brands Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Spine Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Vitamin Users Keywords / US / Health & Hygiene / Weight-loss Seekers Keywords / US / Healthcare Solutions Keywords / US / Sports / Weightlifting Knowledgeables KW / Geo-Behavioural / Health and Beauty / Female Hair and Beauty Customers KW / Geo-Behavioural / Healthcare / Pharmacy Shoppers KW / Geo-Behavioural / Healthcare / Visits Healthcare Facilities Landscape Segments H3 Welfare Communities LATAM / COLOMBIA / Interest / Health (EN), Salud (ES), Saude (PT) LATAM / COLOMBIA / Microsegment / Supervisors (EN), Supervisores (ES), Supervisores (PT) LATAM / Fitness, Running & Yoga LATAM / Health & Beauty visitors LATAM / MEXICO / Interest / Health (EN), Salud (ES), Saude (PT) LATAM / MEXICO / Microsegment / Supervisors (EN), Supervisores (ES), Supervisores (PT) LATAM / USA - HISPANICS / Interest / Health (EN), Salud (ES), Saude (PT) LATAM / USA - HISPANICS / Microsegment / Supervisors (EN), Supervisores (ES), Supervisores (PT) Latin America / Argentina / Health and Fitness Latin America / Brazil / Health and Fitness Latin America / Chile / Health and Fitness Latin America / Colombia / Health and Fitness Latin America / Health and Fitness Latin America / Mexico / Health and Fitness Life Style / Health and Wellness Lifestage / Active and Healthy Living Lifestyle / 10+ Prescriptions Taken by Household Lifestyle / Activities / Fitness Enthusiasts - Extreme Confidence (Mobile) Lifestyle / Activities / Weight Lifting Enthusiasts - Extreme Confidence (Web) Lifestyle / Breast Cancer Support Intender Lifestyle / Characteristics / Belong to health/fitness club or gym (Scarborough) Lifestyle / Characteristics / Tried to quit smoking past year (Scarborough) Lifestyle / Charitable Donations / Contributed to Healthcare/Medical (Scarborough) Lifestyle / Charities / Health Lifestyle / Conduct Own Research on Healthcare Topics Lifestyle / Devoted Exercisers Lifestyle / Events Attended / Health/wellness/fitness past year (Scarborough) Lifestyle / Events Attended/Places Visited / Went to Health/Wellness/Fitness Expo past year Lifestyle / Exercise Regularly Lifestyle / Fitness Buff Lifestyle / Fitness Fanatics Lifestyle / Food Supplements Lifestyle / Goals / Dieting Lifestyle / Goals / Quit Smoking Lifestyle / Gym And Fitness Centers Lifestyle / Gym and Fitness Centers / 24 Hour Fitness Lifestyle / Gym And Fitness Centers / 9Round Lifestyle / Gym And Fitness Centers / Anytime Fitness Lifestyle / Gym And Fitness Centers / Blink Fitness Lifestyle / Gym And Fitness Centers / Crossfit Lifestyle / Gym And Fitness Centers / Curves Lifestyle / Gym And Fitness Centers / Gold's Gym Lifestyle / Gym And Fitness Centers / Jenny Craig Weightloss Center Lifestyle / Gym And Fitness Centers / Koko Fitclub Lifestyle / Gym And Fitness Centers / LA Fitness Lifestyle / Gym And Fitness Centers / New York Sports Clubs Lifestyle / Gym And Fitness Centers / Orangetheory Lifestyle / Gym And Fitness Centers / Planet Fitness Lifestyle / Gym And Fitness Centers / Powerhouse Lifestyle / Gym And Fitness Centers / Pure Barre Lifestyle / Gym And Fitness Centers / Retro Fitness Lifestyle / Gym And Fitness Centers / Snap Fitness Lifestyle / Gym And Fitness Centers / Weight Watchers Lifestyle / Gym And Fitness Centers / Workout Anytime Lifestyle / Gym and Fitness Centers / YMCA Lifestyle / Gym and Fitness Centers / Youfit Health Clubs Lifestyle / Gym and Health Lifestyle / Gym and Health / 24 Hour Fitness Lifestyle / Gym and Health / 9Round Lifestyle / Gym and Health / Anytime Fitness Lifestyle / Gym and Health / Blink Fitness Lifestyle / Gym and Health / CrossFit Lifestyle / Gym and Health / Curves Lifestyle / Gym and Health / Fitness Together Lifestyle / Gym and Health / Gold's Gym Lifestyle / Gym and Health / Healthy Lifestyle Lifestyle / Gym and Health / Jazzercise Lifestyle / Gym and Health / Koko Fitclub Lifestyle / Gym and Health / LA Fitness Lifestyle / Gym and Health / Lucille Roberts Lifestyle / Gym and Health / New York Sports Clubs Lifestyle / Gym and Health / Orangetheory Lifestyle / Gym and Health / Planet Fitness Lifestyle / Gym and Health / Powerhouse Lifestyle / Gym and Health / Pure Barre Lifestyle / Gym and Health / Retro Fitness Lifestyle / Gym and Health / Snap Fitness Lifestyle / Gym and Health / Weigth Watchers Lifestyle / Gym and Health / YMCA Lifestyle / Gym and Health / Youfit Health Clubs Lifestyle / Has Health Savings Account (HSA) Lifestyle / Has Tried To Give Up Smoking In Last 12 Months Lifestyle / Health Lifestyle / Health / Conducts Annual Research on Healthcare Topics (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Conducts Monthly Research on Healthcare Topics (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Conducts Weekly Research on Healthcare Topics (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Contacts User (UK) Lifestyle / Health / Describes own health as average (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Describes own health as excellent (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Describes own health as good (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Diet Lifestyle / Health / Diet / Eat Organics (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Diet / Gluten Free (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Diet / Low Carb (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Diet / Paleo (UK) Lifestyle / Health / Diet / Paleo (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Diet / Vegan (UK) Lifestyle / Health / Diet / Vegetarian (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Do Insurance Research via Internet Search Lifestyle / Health / Exercise at gym or club at least twice a week (MRI) Lifestyle / Health / Exercise at home at least twice a week (MRI) Lifestyle / Health / Former Tobacco User Lifestyle / Health / Future Plan Lifestyle / Health / Future Plan / Would Consider Aetna Lifestyle / Health / Future Plan / Would Consider AIG Lifestyle / Health / Future Plan / Would Consider American Family Lifestyle / Health / Future Plan / Would Consider BlueCross and/or BlueShield Lifestyle / Health / Future Plan / Would Consider Cigna-HealthSpring Lifestyle / Health / Future Plan / Would Consider Coventry Lifestyle / Health / Future Plan / Would Consider Health Net Lifestyle / Health / Future Plan / Would Consider Humana Lifestyle / Health / Future Plan / Would Consider Kaiser Lifestyle / Health / Future Plan / Would Consider UnitedHealthcare Lifestyle / Health / Good Habits Lifestyle / Health / Good Habits / Cooks at home (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Good Habits / Exercises twice or more per week (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Good Habits / Limits sugar consumption (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Good Habits / Meditates (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Good Habits / Run/jog regularly (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Has Prescription Plan via Employer Lifestyle / Health / Has Vision Coverage Lifestyle / Health / Health Care Provider Lifestyle / Health / Health Care Provider / Aetna (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Health Care Provider / Anthem (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Health Care Provider / Axa (UK) Lifestyle / Health / Health Care Provider / Bupa (UK) Lifestyle / Health / Health Care Provider / Cigna (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Health Care Provider / Medicaid/Medicare (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Health Care Provider / Simply health (UK) Lifestyle / Health / Health Care Provider / UnitedHealth (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Health Care Provider / Vitality (UK) Lifestyle / Health / HMO Medicare Advantage Plan Lifestyle / Health / Insurance Lifestyle / Health / Insurance / Has Aetna Health Insurance Lifestyle / Health / Insurance / Has BlueCross BlueShield Health Insurance Lifestyle / Health / Insurance / Has CIGNA Health Insurance Lifestyle / Health / Insurance / Has Dental Coverage (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Insurance / Has Health Savings Account (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Insurance / Has HMO Plan (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Insurance / Has Humana Health Insurance Lifestyle / Health / Insurance / Has PPO Plan (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Insurance / Has United Healthcare Health Insurance Lifestyle / Health / Insurance / Has Vision Coverage Lifestyle / Health / Insurance / Has Vision Coverage (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Insurance / Plan Choice Influenced By / Friends/Family (UK) Lifestyle / Health / Insurance / Plan Choice Influenced By / Insurance Agent/Broker (UK) Lifestyle / Health / Insurance / Plan Choice Influenced By / Online reviews (UK) Lifestyle / Health / Insurance / Plan Choice Influenced By / Price comparison site (UK) Lifestyle / Health / Medical Plan Coverage Lifestyle / Health / Medicare and Medicaid Coverage (Dual Eligibility) Lifestyle / Health / Never conducts research on Healthcare Topics (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Participate in HMO Lifestyle / Health / Participate in HMO / Employer Sponsored Lifestyle / Health / Participate in HMO / Individual Purchase Lifestyle / Health / Participate in PPO Lifestyle / Health / Participate in PPO / Employer Sponsored Lifestyle / Health / Participate in PPO / Individual Purchase Lifestyle / Health / Physical Activity Lifestyle / Health / Physical Activity / Exercise 1-2 time a week (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Physical Activity / Exercise 3-4 times a week (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Physical Activity / Exercise 5+ times a week (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Physical Activity / Never exercise (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Physical Activity / Rarely exercise (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Plan Choice Influenced By Lifestyle / Health / Plan Choice Influenced By / Employer Lifestyle / Health / Plan Choice Influenced By / Friend Family Co-Worker Lifestyle / Health / Plan Choice Influenced By / Healthcare Provider Lifestyle / Health / Plan Choice Influenced By / Insurance Agent/Broker Lifestyle / Health / Plan Choice Influenced By / Private Insurance Exchange Website Lifestyle / Health / Plan Choice Influenced By / Public Insurance Exchange Website Lifestyle / Health / PPO Medicare Advantage Plan Lifestyle / Health / Private Health Insurance Plan Lifestyle / Health / Regular Tobacco User Lifestyle / Health / Stomach/GI Issues in past three months Lifestyle / Health / Trying to cut down on fast food (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Trying to cut down on sweet treats (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Trying to cut down on tobacco (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Uninsured: No HMO, PPO, POS, or Medicare Lifestyle / Health / Use Medicaid Lifestyle / Health / Uses HMO Medical Plan Lifestyle / Health / Uses POS Medical Plan Lifestyle / Health / Uses PPO Medical Plan Lifestyle / Health / Uses Traditional Indemnity Medical Plan Lifestyle / Health / Vision Lifestyle / Health / Vision / Glasses/Contacts User (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Vision / Prescription Glasses User (VDNA) Lifestyle / Health / Visited a Free Health Clinic Lifestyle / Health / Would recommend Medicare Advantage Lifestyle / Health / Would recommend Private Plan Lifestyle / Health & Wellbeing Enthusiast Lifestyle / Health and Diet / Beauty Buffs Lifestyle / Health and Diet / Eye Care Retail Shoppers Lifestyle / Health and Diet / Health Nut Lifestyle / Health and Diet / Healthy Eaters Lifestyle / Health and Diet / New Year's Resolution - Weight Loss Healthy Living Lifestyle / Health Care Employee Lifestyle / Health Nut Lifestyle / Health_Nut Lifestyle / Healthy Eaters Lifestyle / Healthy Living Lifestyle / Hospital and Healthcare Workers Lifestyle / In Good Physical Health Lifestyle / Intent / Charitable Donor / Health Lifestyle / Intent / Insurance / Health Lifestyle / Intent / Quit Smoking Lifestyle / Interest / Charities / Health Lifestyle / Interest / Diet and Weight Loss Lifestyle / Interest / Fitness and Exercise Lifestyle / Lifestyle Characteristics / Belong To Health Club Or Gym Lifestyle / Lifestyle Characteristics / Follow A Weight Loss Program Lifestyle / New Year's Resolution - Weight Loss Healthy Living Lifestyle / New Year's Resolution / Weight Loss Healthy Living Lifestyle / Nicotine/Tobacco Use / Tried to Quit Smoking Past Year Lifestyle / Nicotine/Tobacco Use / Tried to Quit Smoking Past Year / Did Try to Quit Smoking past year Lifestyle / Ok to Live with Discomfort to Improve Env Lifestyle / Ok to Live with Discomfort to Save Money Lifestyle / Participate in Smoking Cessation Lifestyle / Participate in Stress Management Lifestyle / Participate in Weight Management Plan Lifestyle / Personicx / Classic Clusters / 68 - Staying Healthy Lifestyle / Pharmacy Shoppers Lifestyle / Political & Social Concerns / Child Welfare Lifestyle / Political & Social Concerns / Healthcare Lifestyle / Prescription Plan: Individually Purchased Lifestyle / Recent Gym Visit - Anytime Fitness Lifestyle / Recent Gym Visit - Planet Fitness Lifestyle / Recent Pharmacy Visitor / CVS Lifestyle / Recent Pharmacy Visitor / Walgreens Lifestyle / Recent Pharmacy Visitor- CVS Lifestyle / Recent Pharmacy Visitor- Walgreens Lifestyle / Recent_Pharmacy_Visitor_CVS Lifestyle / Recent_Pharmacy_Visitor_Walgreens Lifestyle / Stressed Lifestyle / Workout Addict Lifestyle & Lifestage / Behavioral / Gym and Fitness Lifestyle Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / Active Health Management: Above Average Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / Active Health Management: Average Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / Active Health Management: Below Average Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / Active Health Management: Far Above Average Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / Active Health Management: Far Below Average Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / Believe That Vitamin/Nutrients Make Difference Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / Consider My Diet to Be Very Healthy Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / Don't Have Time Prepare/Eat Healthy Meal Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / Easy To Prepare Foods Are My Favorite Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / Eating Fast Food Helps Me Stay in Budget Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / Friends Ask My Advice About Health/Nutrition Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / Health & Image Leader: Above Average Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / Health & Image Leader: Average Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / Health & Image Leader: Below Average Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / Health & Image Leader: Far Above Average Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / Health & Image Leader: Far Below Average Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / Health Claims On Packaging Influence Me To Buy Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / I Enjoy Eating Foreign Foods Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / I Like to Try New Recipes Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / I Like to Try Out New Food Products Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / I Make an Effort To Buy Locally Grown Food Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / I Make Sure I Exercise Regularly Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / I Often Eat Frozen Dinners Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / I Often Feel I Over-Eat Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / I Prefer Fast Food to Home Cooking Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / I Prefer Foods Without Artificial Additives Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / I Really Enjoy Cooking Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / I Treat Myself to Foods Not Good for Me Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / I Trend Towards Healthier Fast Food Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / I Try To Eat Healthy Food/Balanced Diet Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / I'll Try Any New Diet Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / I'm Usually First to Try New Health Food Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / Incorporate Probiotics Into Diet Regularly Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / Shop For Food, Look For Organic/Natural Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / Too Busy to Take Care of Myself as I Should Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / Watching Diet-For Food Allergy Lifestyle Statements / Health and Diet / Worth Paying More For Brand Prescription Medciations Lifestyle Statements / Pharma / Actively Seek Info About Nutrition/Diet Lifestyle Statements / Pharma / First Sign of Pain, I Take Medicine Lifestyle Statements / Pharma / Health Info by Drug Companies Is Useful Lifestyle Statements / Pharma / I am Comfortable to Register on Health Websites Lifestyle Statements / Pharma / I Frequently Take Preventive Medicine Lifestyle Statements / Pharma / I Gather Health Info From Newsletters Lifestyle Statements / Pharma / I Gather Health Information From Website Lifestyle Statements / Pharma / I Take Non Prescription Meds as Soon as Sick Lifestyle Statements / Pharma / Look Info to Choose Healthcare Treatment Lifestyle Statements / Pharma / Prescription Meds Are More Effective Than Over-the-Counter Remedies Lifestyle Statements / Shopping / Look For Organic/Natural in Health/Beauty Products Lifestyle Statements / Shopping / Shopped Other Health/ Medical Items Online Lifestyle- Precise / Health Care Employee- Precise Lifestyles / Alternative Medicine Lifestyles / Enthusiasts / Fitness Enthusiasts Lifestyles / Enthusiasts / Healthy Living Lifestyles / Healthy & Fit Lifestyles & Interests / Diet Concerns / Diet Concerns: Eat Organically Lifestyles & Interests / Diet Concerns / Diet Concerns: Include Fiber Lifestyles & Interests / Diet Concerns / Diet Concerns: Include Probiotics Lifestyles & Interests / Diet Concerns / Diet Concerns: Include Vitamin Supplements Lifestyles & Interests / Diet Concerns / Diet Concerns: Lose Weight Lifestyles & Interests / Diet Concerns / Diet Concerns: Reduce Fat & Cholesterol Lifestyles & Interests / Diet Concerns / Diet Concerns: Reduce Gluten Lifestyles & Interests / Diet Conscious Households / Diet Conscious Households: Highly Likely Lifestyles & Interests / Diet Conscious Households / Diet Conscious Households: Likely Lifestyles & Interests / Diet Conscious Households / Diet Conscious Households: Unlikely Lifestyles & Interests / Extreme Fitness Enthusiasts / Extreme Fitness Enthusiasts: Highly Likely Lifestyles & Interests / Extreme Fitness Enthusiasts / Extreme Fitness Enthusiasts: Likely Lifestyles & Interests / Extreme Fitness Enthusiasts / Extreme Fitness Enthusiasts: Unlikely Lifestyles & Interests / Healthy Households / Healthy Households: Highly Likely Lifestyles & Interests / Healthy Households / Healthy Households: Likely Lifestyles & Interests / Healthy Households / Healthy Households: Unlikely Lifestyles & Interests / Nutrition & Diet Enthusiasts Lifestyles & Interests / Vitamins & Supplements Enthusiasts Lifestyles & Interests / Weight Control Enthusiasts Lip Treatment Lip Treatment / Lip Remedies Location / Employee / Healthcare Workers Location / Enthusiast / Men's health Location / Enthusiast / Women's health Location / Lifestyle / Health Nut Location / Lifestyle / Healthy Eaters Location / Lifestyle / New Year's Resolution - Weight Loss Healthy Living Location / Lifestyle / Pharmacy Shoppers Location / Lifestyle / Recent Gym Visit - Anytime Fitness Location / Lifestyle / Recent Gym Visit - Planet Fitness Location / Lifestyle / Recent Pharmacy Visitor- CVS Location / Lifestyle / Recent Pharmacy Visitor- Walgreens Location / Standard / Pharmacy Visitor- CVS Location / Standard / Pharmacy Visitor- Walgreens Location / Standard / Women's health Location / Employee / Healthcare Workers Location / Enthusiast / Men's health Location / Enthusiast / Women's health Location / In-Market / In Market for Exercise Equipment Location / Lifestyle / Health Nut Location / Lifestyle / Healthy Eaters Location / Lifestyle / New Year's Resolution - Weight Loss Healthy Living Location / Lifestyle / Pharmacy Shoppers Location / Lifestyle / Proximity to Anytime Fitness Location / Lifestyle / Proximity to Planet Fitness Location / Lifestyle / Recent Gym Visit - Anytime Fitness Location / Lifestyle / Recent Gym Visit - Planet Fitness Location / Lifestyle / Recent Pharmacy Visitor- CVS Location / Lifestyle / Recent Pharmacy Visitor- Walgreens Location / Standard / Pharmacy Visitor- CVS Location / Standard / Pharmacy Visitor- Walgreens Location / Standard / Women's health Location-based / Restaurants / Healthy / Vegetarian/ Vegan/ Gluten-Free Location-based / Retail / Drug Stores/ Pharmacy Location-based / Retail / Drug Stores/ Pharmacy / CVS Location-based / Retail / Drug Stores/ Pharmacy / Frequenter (4+ visits) Location-based / Retail / Drug Stores/ Pharmacy / Rite Aid Location-based / Retail / Drug Stores/ Pharmacy / The Vitamin Shoppe Location-based / Retail / Drug Stores/ Pharmacy / Walgreens Location-based / Retail / Health and Beauty MA / Geo-Behavioural / Health and Beauty / Female Hair and Beauty Customers MA / Geo-Behavioural / Healthcare / Pharmacy Shoppers MA / Geo-Behavioural / Healthcare / Visits Healthcare Facilities Magazine Types Read / Health / Fitness Male Health and Beauty Media / Newspapers And Magazines: Health Wellbeing (Power Reach) Media / Newspapers And Magazines: Health Wellbeing (Super Target) Media & Entertainment / Magazine Content / Health and Self Improvement Media & Entertainment / Magazine Content / Sickness Medical Health Medicine > Engaged Medicine > Highly Interested Medicine > Intender Medicine > Interested Meditation Member_AetnaHealthEligible_ Member_AetnaHealthEligible_NoLogin_ Member_DentalCoverage_ Member_PharmacyCoverage_ Men / Men Seeking Weight-loss Mexico (MX) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Interest (Affinity) / Eating Styles / Healthy Mexico (MX) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products Mexico (MX) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Hair Care Mexico (MX) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Oral Care Mexico (MX) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Skin Care Mexico (MX) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Vitamins Mexico (MX) / Financial Services / Insurance / Interest (Affinity) / Health Insurance Mexico (MX) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness Mexico (MX) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise Mexico (MX) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise / Running and Jogging Mexico (MX) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness Mexico (MX) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness / Dieting and Weight Loss Mexico (MX) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness / Nutrition Mexico (MX) / Lifestyles / Enthusiasts / Healthy Living Mexico (MX) / Retail / In-Market / Health and Fitness Mexico (MX) / Retail / In-Market / Health and Fitness / Fitness Mexico (MX) / Retail / Purchase-Based / Categories / Health and Fitness Buyers Mexico (MX) / Retail / Purchase-Based / Categories / Health and Fitness Buyers / Fitness MEXICO / Activation Segment / Diet (EN), Dieta (ES), Dieta (PT) MEXICO / Activation Segment / Healthy eating (EN), Alimentacion saludable (ES), Alimentacao saudavel (PT) Mexico / ARGENTINA / Interest / Health (EN), Salud (ES), Saude (PT) Mexico / ARGENTINA / Microsegment / Supervisors (EN), Supervisores (ES), Supervisores (PT) Mexico / BRAZIL / Interest / Health (EN), Salud (ES), Saude (PT) Mexico / BRAZIL / Microsegment / Supervisors (EN), Supervisores (ES), Supervisores (PT) Mexico / CHILE / Interest / Health (EN), Salud (ES), Saude (PT) Mexico / CHILE / Microsegment / Supervisors (EN), Supervisores (ES), Supervisores (PT) Mexico / COLOMBIA / Interest / Health (EN), Salud (ES), Saude (PT) Mexico / COLOMBIA / Microsegment / Supervisors (EN), Supervisores (ES), Supervisores (PT) Mexico / GLOBAL / Beleza / Interessados em Acne by Minha Vida (PT) Mexico / GLOBAL / Interest / Health (EN), Salud (ES), Saude (PT) Mexico / GLOBAL / Microsegment / Supervisors (EN), Supervisores (ES), Supervisores (PT) Mexico / GLOBAL / Saude / Interessados em Dieta by Minha Vida (PT) Mexico / GLOBAL / Saude / Interessados em Estresse by Minha Vida (PT) Mexico / GLOBAL / Saude / Interessados em Fitness by Minha Vida (PT) Mexico / Health Mexico / Intent / Health and personal care MEXICO / Interest / Health (EN), Salud (ES), Saude (PT) Mexico / Interest / Health and Personal Care Mexico / Interest / Health and Personal Care / Fitness Mexico / Interest / Health and Personal Care / Men's Health Mexico / Interest / Health and Personal Care / Pharma Products Mexico / Interest / Health and Personal Care / Wellness Mexico / Interest / Health and Personal Care / Women's Health Mexico / Interest / Healthy Living Mexico / Interest / Healthy Living / Fitness Mexico / Interest / Healthy Living / Nutrition and Diets MEXICO / Life Style / Fitness and Wellness (EN), Deportista (ES), Esportista (PT) Mexico / MEXICO / Interest / Health (EN), Salud (ES), Saude (PT) Mexico / MEXICO / Microsegment / Supervisors (EN), Supervisores (ES), Supervisores (PT) MEXICO / Microsegment / Supervisors (EN), Supervisores (ES), Supervisores (PT) Mexico / US Hispanics / Intent / Health and personal care Mexico / US Hispanics / Interest / Health and personal care Mexico / US Hispanics / Interest / Health and personal care / Fitness Mexico / US Hispanics / Interest / Health and personal care / Wellness Mexico / US Hispanics / Interest / Healthy Living Mexico / USA - HISPANICS / Interest / Health (EN), Salud (ES), Saude (PT) Mexico / USA - HISPANICS / Microsegment / Supervisors (EN), Supervisores (ES), Supervisores (PT) Mexico & Central America / Intent / Health and personal care Mexico & Central America / Interest / CPG / Health & Beauty Mexico & Central America / Interest / CPG / Health & Beauty / Bath products Mexico & Central America / Interest / CPG / Health & Beauty / Hair Care Mexico & Central America / Interest / CPG / Health & Beauty / Pharma Mexico & Central America / Interest / CPG / Health & Beauty / Skin care Mexico & Central America / Interest / Health and Personal Care Mexico & Central America / Interest / Health and Personal Care / Fitness Mexico & Central America / Interest / Health and Personal Care / Men's Health Mexico & Central America / Interest / Health and Personal Care / Pharma Products Mexico & Central America / Interest / Health and Personal Care / Wellness Mexico & Central America / Interest / Health and Personal Care / Women's Health Mexico & Central America / Interest / Healthy Living Mexico & Central America / Interest / Healthy Living / Fitness Mexico & Central America / Interest / Healthy Living / Nutrition and Diets Mexico & Central America / US Hispanics / Intent / Health and personal care Mexico & Central America / US Hispanics / Interest / Health and personal care Mexico & Central America / US Hispanics / Interest / Health and personal care / Fitness Mexico & Central America / US Hispanics / Interest / Health and personal care / Wellness Mexico & Central America / US Hispanics / Interest / Healthy Living Mexico & Central America / US Hispanics / Interest / Healthy Living / Fitness Mexico & Central America / US Hispanics / Interest / Healthy Living / Nutrition and Diets Microsegment / Supervisors (EN), Supervisores (ES), Supervisores (PT) Middle East and North Africa / Egypt / Health and Fitness Middle East and North Africa / Gulf Cooperation Council / Health and Fitness Middle East and North Africa / Health and Fitness Middle East and North Africa / Israel / Health and Fitness Middle East and North Africa / Kuwait / Health and Fitness Middle East and North Africa / Levant / Health and Fitness Middle East and North Africa / Pakistan / Health and Fitness Middle East and North Africa / Saudi Arabia / Health and Fitness Middle East and North Africa / Turkey / Health and Fitness Middle East and North Africa / United Arab Emirates / Health and Fitness Migraine Migraine Remedies Migraine Symptoms Migraine_ Mobile (In-App) / About to Buy / Drugstore & Pharmacy / Hair Care Mobile (In-App) / About to Buy / Drugstore & Pharmacy / Medicines & Prescriptions Mobile (In-App) / About to Buy / Drugstore & Pharmacy / Nails & Nailcare Mobile (In-App) / About to Buy / Drugstore & Pharmacy / Other Beauty Products Mobile (In-App) / About to Buy / Drugstore & Pharmacy / Skincare Mobile (In-App) / About to Buy / Food & Drink / Health Foods & Vitamins Mobile (In-App) / About to Buy / Interests / Electronic Smoking Vapour Mobile (In-App) / About to Buy / Interests / Fitness Equipment Mobile (In-App) / About to Buy / Interests / Fitness Subscriptions Mobile (In-App) / About to Buy / Interests / Health and Wellness Equipment Mobile (In-App) / Affinity / Health & Wellbeing Mobile (In-App) / Affinity / Sports / Mobile (In-App) / Shopper Profiles / Health Conscious Mothers Mobile (In-App) / Shopper Profiles / Health Food Fanatics Mobile (In-App) / Wants to Buy - Products / Health & Beauty Supplies Mobile (In-App) / Wants to Buy - Products / Sports Equipment & Outdoor Gear Mobile (In-App) / Wants to Buy / Drugstore & Pharmacy / Hair Care Mobile (In-App) / Wants to Buy / Drugstore & Pharmacy / Medicines & Prescriptions Mobile (In-App) / Wants to Buy / Drugstore & Pharmacy / Nails & Nailcare Mobile (In-App) / Wants to Buy / Drugstore & Pharmacy / Other Beauty Products Mobile (In-App) / Wants to Buy / Drugstore & Pharmacy / Skincare Mobile (In-App) / Wants to Buy / Food & Drink / Health Foods & Vitamins Mobile (In-App) / Wants to Buy / Interests / Electronic Smoking Vapour Mobile (In-App) / Wants to Buy / Interests / Fitness Equipment Mobile (In-App) / Wants to Buy / Interests / Fitness Services Mobile (In-App) / Wants to Buy / Interests / Health and Wellness Equipment Mobile / B2C / Interests / Health & Fitness Mobile / B2C / Interests / Healthy Living Mobile / B2C / Lifestyles / Healthy & Fit Mobile / B2C / Profession / Nursing Mobile / Companies / A-F / Acadia Healthcare Mobile / Companies / A-F / Advocate Health Care Mobile / Companies / A-F / AMN Healthcare Services Mobile / Companies / A-F / Aurora Health Care Mobile / Companies / A-F / Banner Health Mobile / Companies / A-F / Carolinas Healthcare System Mobile / Companies / A-F / Community Health Systems Mobile / Companies / A-F / CVS Health Mobile / Companies / A-F / Davita Healthcare Partners Mobile / Companies / A-F / Diplomat Pharmacy Mobile / Companies / A-F / Envision Healthcare Mobile / Companies / G-L / Genisis Healthcare Mobile / Companies / G-L / Health Net Mobile / Companies / G-L / Iasis Healthcare Mobile / Companies / G-L / IMS Health Mobile / Companies / G-L / Intermountain Healthcare Mobile / Companies / G-L / Kindred Healthcare Mobile / Companies / G-L / Lifepoint Health Mobile / Companies / M-Q / Magellan Health Mobile / Companies / M-Q / Mead Johnson Nutrition Mobile / Companies / M-Q / Molina Healthcare Mobile / Companies / M-Q / National Institutes Of Health Mobile / Companies / M-Q / Philips Healthcare Mobile / Companies / M-Q / Providence Health & Services Mobile / Companies / R-Z / Siemens Healthcare Mobile / Companies / R-Z / Tenet Healthcare Mobile / Companies / R-Z / Unitedhealth Group Mobile / Companies / R-Z / Universal Health Services Mobile / Companies / R-Z / Wellcare Health Plans Mobile Apps / App Genres / Health & Fitness Mobile Apps / App Genres / Health & Fitness / Diet & Eating Well Mobile Apps / App Genres / Health & Fitness / Hiking & Nature Mobile Apps / App Genres / Health & Fitness / Stress Relief Mobile Apps / App Genres / Health & Fitness / Work Out & Fitness Mobile Apps / App Genres / Health And Fitness Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / 30 Day Fit Challenge Workout Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / 8fit - Workout & Meal Plans Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / BodySpace - Social Fitness App Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / Calorie Counter - MyFitnessPal Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / Calorie Counter & Diet Tracker Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / CVS/pharmacy Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / Demolition Derby: Crash Racing Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / Drugs.com Medication Guide Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / Fitness & Bodybuilding Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / FollowMyHealth Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / Fooducate Weight Loss Coach Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / Freeletics Bodyweight Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / Google Fit - Fitness Tracking Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / Health4Me Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / iTriage Health Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / JEFIT Workout Tracker Gym Log Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / LA Fitness Mobile Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / LG Health Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / Map My Fitness Workout Trainer Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / MINDBODY - Fitness & Wellness Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / Monitor Your Weight Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / Pedometer & Weight Loss Coach Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / Rite Aid Pharmacy Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / Running for Weight Loss Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / Runtastic Running & Fitness Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / Samsung S Health Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / Weight Watchers Mobile Mobile Apps / Top Mobile Apps / Workout Trainer: fitness coach Mobile In-App / Health & Wellness Mobile Web / Fitness Mobile Web / Health Natural food supplements and vitamins New Zealand / Diet and Exercise New Zealand / Health No Tear NO: Intent - Fitness & Health NO: Interest - Diet NO: Interest - Fitness & Health Non-Profit & Social Causes / Non-Profit Donors / Health Norway / Diet & Fitness / Diet & Weight Loss Norway / Diet & Fitness / Exercise Norway / Finance / Insurance / Health Insurance Nursing Nursing Homes / Treatment Centers Nutrition Offline Brand Purchasers / Healthy Choice Offline Diet Product Buyer Offline Product Purchasers / Cold and Flu Medicine Offline Product Purchasers / Cough And Cold Remedies Offline Product Purchasers / First Aid Offline Product Purchasers / Health Food Buyer Offline Product Purchasers / Protein/Health Bars Offline Product Purchasers / Vitamins Offline Product Purchasers / Weight Control and Diet Aids Online / Website Visitors / Family and Lifestyles / CVS/pharmacy Online / Website Visitors / Family and Lifestyles / CVS/pharmacy / Heavy Visitors (NOL) Online / Website Visitors / Family and Lifestyles / eMedicine Online / Website Visitors / Family and Lifestyles / eMedicine / Heavy Visitors (NOL) Online / Website Visitors / Family and Lifestyles / Everyday Health Online / Website Visitors / Family and Lifestyles / Everyday Health / Heavy Visitors (NOL) Online / Website Visitors / Family and Lifestyles / Fitness Magazine Online / Website Visitors / Family and Lifestyles / Fitness Magazine / Heavy Visitors (NOL) Online / Website Visitors / Family and Lifestyles / HealthGrades.com Online / Website Visitors / Family and Lifestyles / HealthGrades.com / Heavy Visitors (NOL) Online / Website Visitors / Family and Lifestyles / Healthline Online / Website Visitors / Family and Lifestyles / Healthline / Heavy Visitors (NOL) Online / Website Visitors / Family and Lifestyles / MailOnline Health Online / Website Visitors / Family and Lifestyles / MailOnline Health / Heavy Visitors (NOL) Online / Website Visitors / Family and Lifestyles / MedicineNet.com Online / Website Visitors / Family and Lifestyles / MedicineNet.com / Heavy Visitors (NOL) Online / Website Visitors / Family and Lifestyles / MSN Health & Fitness Online / Website Visitors / Family and Lifestyles / MSN Health & Fitness / Heavy Visitors (NOL) Online / Website Visitors / Family and Lifestyles / Psychology Today Online / Website Visitors / Family and Lifestyles / Psychology Today / Heavy Visitors (NOL) Online / Website Visitors / Family and Lifestyles / SheKnows Media / Health Online / Website Visitors / Family and Lifestyles / SheKnows Media / Health / Heavy Visitors (NOL) Online / Website Visitors / Family and Lifestyles / U.S.News & World Report Health Online / Website Visitors / Family and Lifestyles / U.S.News & World Report Health / Heavy Visitors (NOL) Online / Website Visitors / Family and Lifestyles / WebMD Health Network Online / Website Visitors / Family and Lifestyles / WebMD Health Network / Heavy Visitors (NOL) Online / Website Visitors / Government and Non- Profit / HealthCare.gov Online / Website Visitors / Government and Non- Profit / HealthCare.gov / Heavy Visitors (NOL) Online / Website Visitors / News and Information / Gannett Newspapers and Newspaper Division Online / Website Visitors / News and Information / Gannett Newspapers and Newspaper Division / Heavy Visitors (NOL) Oral Care Oral Care / Dental Accessories Oral Care / Denture Adhesives Oral Care / Denture Cleansers Oral Care / Oral Pain Relief Oral Care / Oral Rinse And Antiseptic Oral Care / Tooth Whiteners OTC Personal Care OTC Pharmacy Outlook / Healthcare Worker (IP) Outlook / Household Has Health Insurance Outlook / Household has Health Insurance through work Outros Produtos e Servicos / Produtos Fitness Pain Remedies Pain Remedies / All Other Pain Remedies / Arthritis Pain Remedies / Children's Pain Remedies / Headache Pain Remedies / Muscle Pain Remedies / Pre-Menstrual and Feminine Parents of Kids with Common Colds Passives Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Food & Beverages / Healthy Choice Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Health & Beauty Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Health & Beauty / Bic Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Health & Beauty / Colgate Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Health & Beauty / Cover Girl Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Health & Beauty / Crest Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Health & Beauty / Dove Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Health & Beauty / Gillette Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Health & Beauty / L'Oreal Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Health & Beauty / Neutrogena Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Health & Beauty / Pantene Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Health & Beauty / Revlon Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Health & Beauty / Secret Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Health & Beauty / Shick Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Brands / Health & Beauty / Vaseline Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Beauty Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Beauty / Hair Care Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Beauty / Skin Care Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Contacts & Eyeglasses Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Health Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Health / First Aid Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Health / Vitamins & Dietary Supplements Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Health / Vitamins & Dietary Supplements / Vitamins Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Health / Weight Management Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Personal Care Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Personal Care / Bath Products Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Personal Care / Dental Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Personal Care / Dental / Tooth Brushes Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Personal Care / Eye Care Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Personal Care / Feminine Products Past Purchases / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG) / Health & Beauty / Personal Care / Foot Care Past Purchases / Financial Products & Services / Insurance / Health Insurance Past Purchases / Retail / Sports Equipment & Outdoor Gear / Exercise & Fitness PediatriciansMatched People that care about their health People that want to eat healthy People that want to eat healthy Personal Care / Body and Face Skin Care / Acne Remedies Personal Care / Body and Face Skin Care / Psoriasis and Eczema Treatments Personal Care / Face Cream / Anti-Acne Personal Finance / Charitable Contributions / HH Contributed to Health Last 12M Personal Finance / Has Private Medical Insurance Personal Finance / Health Insurance / Have Health Insurance w/Aar Personal Finance / Health Insurance / Have Health Insurance w/Aetna Personal Finance / Health Insurance / Have Health Insurance w/Blue Cross/Blue Shield Personal Finance / Health Insurance / Have Health Insurance w/Cigna Personal Finance / Health Insurance / Have Health Insurance w/Humana Personal Finance / Health Insurance / Have Health Insurance w/Kaiser Permanente Personal Finance / Health Insurance / Have Health Insurance w/UnitedHealth care Personal Finance / Health Insurance / Have Health Saving Account: Flexible Spending Account Personal Finance / Health Insurance / Have Life Insurance w/MetLife/Metropolitan Personal Finance / Personal or Health Insurance Personal Health Care Personal Health Care / Respiratory Care Personal Health Care / Respiratory Care / Equate Personality / Dealing with Stress / Bottled Up Personality / Dealing with Stress / Brush Off Personality / Dealing with Stress / Comfort Seekers Personality / Dealing with Stress / Contemplators Personality / Dealing with Stress / Emotional Personality / Dealing with Stress / Get Busy Personality / Dealing with Stress / Hot And Cold Personality / Dealing with Stress / Quick Fix Personality / Dealing with Stress / Stress Converters Personality / Dealing with Stress / Talk It Over Personality / Dealing with Stress / Thoughtful Personality / Dealing with Stress / Work Hard Play Hard Personality / Neuroticism / Stress Reactors Personality / Shopping Preference / Health and Wellbeing Shoppers Personas / Healthy Happy Bodies Pharmacy Pharmacy > Engaged Pharmacy > Highly Interested Pharmacy > Intender Pharmacy > Interested Pharmacy OTC Pharmacy Shoppers Pharmacy Shoppers / Cvs Pharmacy Pharmacy Shoppers / Duane Reade Pharmacy Shoppers / Rite Aid Pharmacy Shoppers / Walgreens Pharmacy Visitor Pharmacy Visits Philanthropy / Health & Well-Being Physical Fitness Enthusiasts Plans to buy / Major exercise equipment (Harris Poll) Plant-based diet Plant-based diet Twin Political / Issue / Health Care Politics / Likely Political Preference / Political Views / Strongly Agree with the Statement that People Should be Responsible for their Own Healthcare, not the Government Predicted Purchase Intent / Look-alike / FMCG / Beauty, Health Products (New) Predicted Purchase Intent / Look-alike / FMCG / Groceries / Non-gluten Products and Healthy Food Predicted Purchase Intent / Look-alike / Health and Beauty / Beauty Treatments and Aesthic Medicine Predicted Purchase Intent / Look-alike / Health and Beauty / Electronics and Health Products Predicted Purchase Intent / Look-alike / Health and Beauty / Make-up Predicted Purchase Intent / Look-alike / Health and Beauty / Medical Services / Aesthic Medicine Predicted Purchase Intent / Look-alike / Health and Beauty / Medical Services / Allergy Predicted Purchase Intent / Look-alike / Health and Beauty / Medical Services / Dentist Predicted Purchase Intent / Look-alike / Health and Beauty / Medical Services / Gastrologist Predicted Purchase Intent / Look-alike / Meal / Dietary and Fit Food Primary health and beauty shopper (Harris Poll) Print Media / Magazines / Read Health Last 6 Month Print Media / Magazines / Read Men's Fitness Last 6 Month Print Media / Magazines / Read Men's Health Last 6 Month Print Media / Magazines / Read Weight Watchers Last 6 Month Product / Dairy / Yogurt Spoonable / Fresh, Weight Watchers Product / Dairy / Yogurt Spoonable / Fresh, Weight Watchers Yogurt Product / Dessert / Dairy Based / Fresh, Weight Watchers Product / Family / Health Product / Fish / Fish Natural, Whole/Fillet/Smoked / Fresh Fixd Weight, Private Label Product / Health Product / Health / Baby Care and Kids Hygiene Product / Health / Drugstore Product / Health / Drugstore / Medicine Cabinet Product / Health / Eyeglasses Product / Health / Fitness Product / Health / General Analgesics Product / Health / General Analgesics / Capsules/Gum/Tablets, Galpharm Product / Health / General Analgesics / Capsules/Gum/Tablets, Private Label Product / Health / Health Insurance Product / Health / Health Supplements Product / Health / Health Supplements / Combinations, Capsules/Tablets, Private Label Product / Health / Personal Hygiene Product / Health / Plasters Precut, Private Label Product / Health / Vitamin Supplements Product / Health / Vitamin Supplements / Capsules/Tablets, Private Label Product / Sports / Bodybuilding and Weightlifting Product / Sports / Weight Training Product / Sugar/Candy / Cough/Throat Sweets Product / Sugar/Candy / Cough/Throat Sweets / Jakemans Throat / Chest Relief Product / Sugar/Candy / Cough/Throat Sweets / Non Medicated, Jakemans Product / Vegetables / Natural / Sprouting, Frsh Fxd Weight, Private Label Professions / Hospital and Healthcare Workers Profissionais / Professores e Profissionais da Educacao Proximity (Locations) / Drug Stores (Pharmacy) Proximity (Locations) / Drug Stores (Pharmacy) / CVS Pharmacy Proximity (Locations) / Drug Stores (Pharmacy) / Walgreens Proximity / Drug Store Locations / CVS Pharmacy Proximity / Grocery Locations / Supervalu: Farm Fresh Food & Pharmacy Proximity / Grocery Locations / Supervalu: Shoppers Food & Pharmacy Psoriasis Psoriatic Arthritis Psychographics / Health and Diet / Active Health Management / Above Average Psychographics / Health and Diet / Active Health Management / Average Psychographics / Health and Diet / Active Health Management / Below Average Psychographics / Health and Diet / Active Health Management / Far Above Average Psychographics / Health and Diet / Active Health Management / Far Below Average Psychographics / Health and Diet / Consider My Diet to Be Very Healthy Psychographics / Health and Diet / Don't Have Time Prepare / Eat Healthy Meal Psychographics / Health and Diet / Eating Fast Food Helps Me Stay in Budget Psychographics / Health and Diet / Friends Ask My Advice About Health / Nutrition Psychographics / Health and Diet / Health and Image Leader / Above Average Psychographics / Health and Diet / Health and Image Leader / Average Psychographics / Health and Diet / Health and Image Leader / Below Average Psychographics / Health and Diet / Health and Image Leader / Far Above Average Psychographics / Health and Diet / Health and Image Leader / Far Below Average Psychographics / Health and Diet / I Like to Try New Recipes Psychographics / Health and Diet / I Like to Try Out New Food Products Psychographics / Health and Diet / I Make Sure I Exercise Regularly Psychographics / Health and Diet / I Often Eat Frozen Dinners Psychographics / Health and Diet / I Often Feel I Over-Eat Psychographics / Health and Diet / I Prefer Fast Food to Home Cooking Psychographics / Health and Diet / I Really Enjoy Cooking Psychographics / Health and Diet / I Treat Myself to Foods Not Good for Me Psychographics / Health and Diet / I Trend Towards Healthier Fast Food Psychographics / Health and Diet / I'll Try Any New Diet Psychographics / Health and Diet / I'm Usually First to Try New Health Food Psychographics / Health and Diet / Shop For Food, Look For Organic / Natural Psychographics / Health and Diet / Too Busy to Take Care of Myself as I Should Psychographics / Shopping / Look For Organic / Natural in Health / Beauty Products Public / Healthcare Public / Healthcare / Quest Diagnostics Public / Healthcare / US Veterans Medical Center Purchase Categories / Canada / Health Conscious Purchase Categories / United States / Health Conscious Purchase History / Exercise Equipment Owners Purchase History / Health, Wellness, Vitamins & Supplements / Recency / Health, Wellness, Vitamins & Supplements: 0 to 6 months ago Purchase History / Health, Wellness, Vitamins & Supplements / Recency / Health, Wellness, Vitamins & Supplements: 13 to 18 months ago Purchase History / Health, Wellness, Vitamins & Supplements / Recency / Health, Wellness, Vitamins & Supplements: 19 to 24 months ago Purchase History / Health, Wellness, Vitamins & Supplements / Recency / Health, Wellness, Vitamins & Supplements: 25+ months ago Purchase History / Health, Wellness, Vitamins & Supplements / Recency / Health, Wellness, Vitamins & Supplements: 7 to 12 months ago Purchase History / Health, Wellness, Vitamins & Supplements / Spend / Health, Wellness, Vitamins & Supplements: Heavy Spenders Purchase History / Health, Wellness, Vitamins & Supplements / Spend / Health, Wellness, Vitamins & Supplements: Light Spenders Purchase History / Health, Wellness, Vitamins & Supplements / Spend / Health, Wellness, Vitamins & Supplements: Moderate Spenders Purchase History / Health, Wellness, Vitamins & Supplements / Spend / Health, Wellness, Vitamins & Supplements: Very Heavy Spenders Purchase History / Health, Wellness, Vitamins & Supplements / Spend / Health, Wellness, Vitamins & Supplements: Very Light Spenders Purchase History / Mail Order Buyers / Mail Order Buyers: Health & Beauty Products Purchase History / Mail Order Buyers / Mail Order Buyers: Vitamins/Supplements Purchase Intent / Buying products on sale and in promotion / Health and Beauty Purchase Intent / FMCG / Beauty and Health Products Purchase Intent / FMCG / Groceries / Non-gluten Products and Healthy Food Purchase Intent / Food & Drink / Health/Lowfat Cooking Purchase Intent / Food and FMCG (TylkoFMCG.pl) / Meal / Dietary and Fit Food Purchase Intent / Health & Fitness / Fitness Equipment & Services Purchase Intent / Health & Fitness / On a Diet Purchase Intent / Health and Beauty Purchase Intent / Health and Beauty / Beauty Treatments and Aesthetic Medicine Purchase Intent / Health and Beauty / Electronics and Health Products Purchase Intent / Health and Beauty / Make Up Purchase Intent / Health and Beauty / Medicines and Dietary Supplements Purchase Intent / Health and Beauty / Weight Loss and Healthy Lifestyle Purchase Intent / High Spender / Training-Exercise Purchases / Books / Health Book or Magazine Buyer - - Co-op Sourced Purchases / Diet & Weight Loss Products -- Co-op Sourced Purchases / Health & Fitness Products -- Co-op Sourced Purchases / Insurance Products / Dental -- Co-op Sourced Purchases / Insurance Products / Health -- Co-op Sourced Purchases / Insurance Products / Vision -- Co-op Sourced Purchases / Vitamins-- Co-op Sourced QA / Geo-Behavioural / Health and Beauty / Female Hair and Beauty Customers QA / Geo-Behavioural / Healthcare / Pharmacy Shoppers QA / Geo-Behavioural / Healthcare / Visits Healthcare Facilities Quick & Healthy Meals Quitting Smoking Red Eyes and Nose Restaurants / Types of Food / Eats Various Healthy Food Retail / Pharmacy / Kaiser Permanente Prescription Drug Retail / Pharmacy / Walgreens Prescription Drug Shopper Retail / Pharmacy / Walmart Prescription Drug Shopper Retail / Beauty and Personal Care / Hair Removal Retail / Behavioral / Cold and Flu Shoppers Retail / Behavioral / Health Food Shoppers Retail / Behavioral / Pharmacy Shoppers Retail / Categories / Fitness Buyers Retail / Categories / Fitness Buyers / Cyclists Retail / Categories / Fitness Buyers / Runners Retail / Categories / Health & Wellness Buyers Retail / Categories / Health & Wellness Buyers / Natural Wellness Retail / Categories / Health & Wellness Buyers / Weight Loss & Supplements Retail / CPG / Healthy Eaters Retail / Health and Beauty Retail / Health and Beauty - SC Retail / Health and Beauty - SC / A purchase has occurred within the last 24 months.Retail / Health and Fitness / Vitamins and Supplements / GNC Retail / Health Conscious Shoppers Retail / Health Conscious Shoppers / GNC Retail / Health Conscious Shoppers / The Fresh Market Retail / Health Conscious Shoppers / The Vitamin Shoppe Retail / Health Conscious Shoppers / Trader Joe's Retail / Health Conscious Shoppers / Vitamin World Retail / Health Conscious Shoppers / Whole Foods Market Retail / In-Market / Health and Fitness Retail / In-Market / Health and Fitness / Fitness Retail / In-Market / Health and Fitness / Fitness / Exercise Equipment Retail / In-Market / Health and Fitness / Fitness / Yoga and Workout Gear Retail / Intend to Shop / Health Food Store Retail / Intend to Shop / Sport and Fitness Stores Retail / Opticians / Pearle Vision Center Retail / Personal Care / Fitness Supplements Retail / Pharmacies / CVS Pharmacy Retail / Pharmacies / CVS Pharmacy / Recent Retail / Pharmacy (Drug Stores) / CVS Pharmacy Retail / Pharmacy (Drug Stores) / Duane Reade Retail / Pharmacy (Drug Stores) / Rite Aid Retail / Pharmacy (Drug Stores) / Walgreens Retail / Pharmacy Shoppers Retail / Pharmacy Shoppers / CVS Pharmacy Retail / Pharmacy Shoppers / Duane Reade Retail / Pharmacy Shoppers / Medicine Shoppe Pharmacy Retail / Pharmacy Shoppers / Rite Aid Retail / Pharmacy Shoppers / Shopko express Retail / Pharmacy Shoppers / Walgreens Retail / Purchase-Based / Categories / Health and Fitness Buyers Retail / Purchase-Based / Categories / Health and Fitness Buyers / Fitness Retail / Purchase-Based / Categories / Health and Fitness Buyers / Fitness / Running Gear Retail / Purchase-Based / Categories / Health and Fitness Buyers / Natural Wellness Retail / Purchase-Based / Categories / Health and Fitness Buyers / Senior Products Retail / Shops at / Wal-Mart Pharmacy 6 months (MRI) retail / sporting goods & fitness shoppers Retail / Used Past 7 Days / Food Products / Energy Bars/Nutrition Bars past 7 days Retail & Product Brands / Brand Names T - Z / Weight Watchers Retailer / Primarily Bought in Coles / Bought First Aids & Dressings Primarily in Coles Retailer / Primarily Bought in Woolworths / Bought First Aids & Dressings Primarily in WW Russia / Health and Fitness SA / Geo-Behavioural / Health and Beauty / Female Hair and Beauty Customers SA / Geo-Behavioural / Healthcare / Pharmacy Shoppers SA / Geo-Behavioural / Healthcare / Visits Healthcare Facilities Salud y cuidado personal Seasonal / Breast Cancer Awareness Month Seasonal / New Year / Lose Weight Seasonal / New Year / Quit Smoking Seasonal / Winter Seasonal / New Year's Resolutions: Weight Loss Seasonal and Holiday / Winter / New Year's Weight Loss Resolutions Service / Diet Service / Healthcare / Dental Care Service / Healthcare / Eye Care Service / Healthcare / Medical Care Service / Healthcare / Oriental Medicine Service / Healthcare / Pregnant/Childbirth/Postnatal Care Service / Healthcare / Senior Care Service / Healthcare / Skin Care Services / Insurance / Health Insurance Services / Personal Training or Fitness Instruction Shopper / CPG Retailers / Pharmacy / CVS Pharmacy Shopper / CPG Retailers / Pharmacy / Walgreen/Duane Reade Shopper / CPG Retailers / Pharmacy / Walgreens Shopper Cooperative / In-Market / Health & Wellness Shopper Profile / Healthy Living Shopper Profiles / Groceries and Packaged Goods / Health Food Shopper Profiles / Gym and Fitness Shopper Profiles / Health Conscious Mothers Shopper Profiles / Health Conscious Mothers Shopper Profiles / Health Food Fanatics Shopper Profiles / Health Food Fanatics Shopper Profiles / Healthy Living Shopper Profiles / Healthy Living Shopper Profiles / Pharmacy Shopper Profiles / Weight Loss Conscious Shopper Profiles / Weight Loss Conscious Shopper- Precise / CPG Retailers- Precise / Pharmacy- Precise / CVS Pharmacy- Precise Shopper- Precise / CPG Retailers- Precise / Pharmacy- Precise / Walgreen/Duane Reade Shopper- Precise Shopper- Precise / CPG Retailers- Precise / Pharmacy- Precise / Walgreens- Precise Shopping - Health & Personal Care Shopping / Coupon / Beauty and Health Products Coupons Shopping / CPG and FMCG / Baby and Toddler / Nursing and Feeding Shopping / CPG and FMCG / Baby and Toddler / Nursing and Feeding / Baby Feeding Equipment Shopping / CPG and FMCG / Baby and Toddler / Nursing and Feeding / Baby Food Shopping / CPG and FMCG / Baby and Toddler / Nursing and Feeding / Baby Formula Shopping / CPG and FMCG / Beauty and Care / Hair Removal Shopping / CPG and FMCG / Health Diet and Nutrition / Diet and Nutrition Shopping / CPG and FMCG / Health Diet and Nutrition / First Aid Shopping / CPG and FMCG / Health Diet and Nutrition / Medicine Shopping / CPG and FMCG / Health Diet and Nutrition / Oral Care Shopping / CPG and FMCG / Health Diet and Nutrition / Pain Reliever Shopping / CPG and FMCG / Health Diet and Nutrition / Personal Care Shopping / CPG and FMCG / Health Diet and Nutrition / Sunscreen and Tanning Shopping / CPG and FMCG / Health Diet and Nutrition / Vision Care Shopping / CPG and FMCG / Health Diet and Nutrition / Vitamins and Oils Shopping / CPG and FMCG / Health Diet and Nutrition OLD Shopping / CPG and FMCG / Pharmacy Shopping / Durable Goods / Sports and Outdoors / Health and Fitness Shopping / Food / Diet Shopping / Food / Healthcare Supplements Shopping / Health & Beauty Shopping / Health & Beauty / Beauty and Health Products Shopping / Health & Beauty / Children's Healthcare Shopping / Health & Beauty / Cold & Flu Remedies Shopping / Health & Beauty / Contact Lenses Shopping / Health & Beauty / Elder Care Shopping / Health & Beauty / Eyeglasses Shopping / Health & Beauty / Hair Care Shopping / Health & Beauty / Health Aids Shopping / Health & Beauty / Herbal Remedies Shopping / Health & Beauty / Luxury Beauty Products Shopping / Health & Beauty / Nail Care Shopping / Health & Beauty / Over the Counter Drugs Shopping / Health & Beauty / Personal Care Shopping / Health & Beauty / Prescription Medication Shopping / Health & Beauty / Sinus and Allergy Medications Shopping / Health & Beauty / Skin Care Shopping / Health & Beauty / Sleep Aids Shopping / Health & Beauty / Teeth Whitening Shopping / Health & Beauty / Vitamins Shopping / Healthcare / Dental Care Shopping / Healthcare / Eye Care Shopping / Healthcare / Healthcare Equipment Shopping / Quality over Price / Health/Well-being Products Shopping / Stores Intending to Visit / Health Food Store Shopping Channel / Likely Mail/Phone / Prescription Drugs Shopping Channel / Likely Online / Prescription Drugs Shops At (Shoppers) / Drug Store or Pharmacy Heavy Spenders Shops At (Shoppers) / Health and Beauty Store Heavy Spenders Shops At (Shoppers) / Online Drug Store or Pharmacy Shoppers Shops at / Wal-Mart Pharmacy / 6 months (MRI) Singapore / Health Sinus Congestion Sinus Relief Seekers Sleeping Remedies Sleeping Remedies / Anti-Sleep Products Sleeping Remedies / Sleeping Aids Smart TV ACR Ad Exposure / Finance, Banking and Insurance / Health Markets Insurance / Viewers of Any Health Markets Insurance Ad Smart TV ACR Ad Exposure / Finance, Banking and Insurance / Humana / Viewers of Humana Dental Ad Smart TV ACR Ad Exposure / Finance, Banking and Insurance / UnitedHealthcare / Viewers of Any UnitedHealthcare Ad Smart TV ACR Ad Exposure / Finance, Banking and Insurance / UnitedHealthcare / Viewers of UnitedHealthcare AARP Medicare Ad Smart TV ACR Ad Exposure / Finance, Banking and Insurance / UnitedHealthcare / Viewers of UnitedHealthcare Dual Complete Ad Smart TV ACR Ad Exposure / Health and Wellness / Bosley Hair Restoration / Viewers of Any Bosley Hair Restoration Ad Smart TV ACR Ad Exposure / Health and Wellness / COLOGUARD / Viewers of Any COLOGUARD Ad Smart TV ACR Ad Exposure / Health and Wellness / Keeps Hair Replacement Services / Viewers of Any Keeps Hair Replacement Services Ad Smart TV ACR Ad Exposure / Health and Wellness / Peloton / Viewers of Any Peloton Ad Smart TV ACR Ad Exposure / Health and Wellness / Roman Medical Services / Viewers of Any Roman Medical Services Ad Smart TV ACR Ad Exposure / Health and Wellness / Shriners Hospitals For Children / Viewers of Any Shriners Hospitals For Children Ad Smart TV ACR Ad Exposure / Health and Wellness / SmileDirectClub / Viewers of Any SmileDirectClub Ad Smart TV ACR Ad Exposure / Health and Wellness / St Jude Childrens Research Hospital / Viewers of Any St Jude Childrens Research Hospital Ad Smart TV ACR Ad Exposure / Health and Wellness / Trulicity / Viewers of Any Trulicity Ad Smokers Health Smokers Healtth Smoking / Tobacco Smoking Cessation Intenders Social / Interest / Beauty and Fitness Social / Interest / Beauty and Fitness / Beauty Pageants Social / Interest / Beauty and Fitness / Cosmetic Procedures Social / Interest / Beauty and Fitness / Face and Body Care Social / Interest / Beauty and Fitness / Fitness Social / Interest / Beauty and Fitness / Hair Care Social / Interest / Beauty and Fitness / Spas and Beauty Services Social / Interest / Beauty and Fitness / Weight Loss Social / Interest / Health Social / Interest / Health / Aging and Geriatrics Social / Interest / Health / Alternative and Natural Medicine Social / Interest / Health / Health Conditions Social / Interest / Health / Health Foundations and Medical Research Social / Interest / Health / Medical Devices and Equipment Social / Interest / Health / Medical Facilities and Services Social / Interest / Health / Medical Literature and Resources Social / Interest / Health / Men's Health Social / Interest / Health / Nursing Social / Interest / Health / Nutrition Social / Interest / Health / Oral and Dental Care Social / Interest / Health / Pediatrics Social / Interest / Health / Pharmacy Social / Interest / Health / Public Health Social / Interest / Health / Vision Care Social / Interest / Health / Women's Health Social / Lifestyle / Fitness Social / Lifestyle / Healthy Eating Social / Lifestyle / Weight Loss Social / Seasonal / New Year's Resolution / Fitness Social Issues / Highest priority for the future- Physical Fitness Societal Issues / Most Important Issue / Health South Africa / Health and Fitness South America / Intent / Health and personal care South America / Interest / CPG / Health & Beauty South America / Interest / CPG / Health & Beauty / Bath products South America / Interest / CPG / Health & Beauty / Hair Care South America / Interest / CPG / Health & Beauty / Pharma South America / Interest / CPG / Health & Beauty / Skin care South America / Interest / Health and Personal Care South America / Interest / Health and Personal Care / Fitness South America / Interest / Health and Personal Care / Men's Health South America / Interest / Health and Personal Care / Pharma Products South America / Interest / Health and Personal Care / Wellness South America / Interest / Health and Personal Care / Women's Health South America / Interest / Healthy Living South America / Interest / Healthy Living / Fitness South America / Interest / Healthy Living / Nutrition and Diets South America / US Hispanics / Intent / Health and personal care South America / US Hispanics / Interest / Health and personal care South America / US Hispanics / Interest / Health and personal care / Fitness South America / US Hispanics / Interest / Health and personal care / Wellness South America / US Hispanics / Interest / Healthy Living South America / US Hispanics / Interest / Healthy Living / Fitness South America / US Hispanics / Interest / Healthy Living / Nutrition and Diets Southeast Asia (SEA) / Interest / Health and Fitness Spain (ES) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Interest (Affinity) / Eating Styles / Healthy Spain (ES) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products Spain (ES) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Hair Care Spain (ES) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness Spain (ES) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise Spain (ES) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise / Gyms Spain (ES) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise / Running and Jogging Spain (ES) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise / Walking Spain (ES) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness Spain (ES) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness / Dieting and Weight Loss Spain (ES) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness / Nutrition Spain (ES) / Lifestyles / Enthusiasts / Healthy Living Spain (ES) / Retail / In-Market / Health and Fitness Spain (ES) / Retail / In-Market / Health and Fitness / Fitness Spain (ES) / Retail / Purchase-Based / Categories / Health and Fitness Buyers Spain (ES) / Retail / Purchase-Based / Categories / Health and Fitness Buyers / Fitness Spain / Behavioral - Lifestyle and Lifestage / Gym and Fitness Lifestyle Spain / Behavioral - Retail / Health Food Shoppers Spain / Exercise & Fitness Spain / Health & fitness / Diet and Weight Loss Spain / Health & Fitness / Exercise Enthusiasts Spain / Interest / Health & Fitness Spain / Interest / Health & Fitness / Women's Health Spain / Interest / Health & Fitness Lovers Spain / Interest / Health and Fitness Spain / Interests / Healthy Living / Beauty & Wellness Enthusiasts Spain / Interests / Healthy Living / Beauty & Wellness Enthusiasts Spain / Interests / Healthy Living / Health and Fitness Enthusiasts Spain / Interests / Healthy Living / Health and Fitness Enthusiasts Spain / Interests / Healthy Living / Organic & Eco Conscious Spain / Interests / Healthy Living / Organic & Eco Conscious Spain / Interests / Sports / Fitness Fanatics Spain / Interests / Sports / Fitness Fanatics Spain / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Douglas Spain / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Douglas Spain / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Pharmacy Spain / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Pharmacy Spain / Place Visits / Retail / Opticians / Visionlab Spain / Place Visits / Retail / Opticians / Visionlab Spain / Place Visits / Sports and Recreation / Fitness sports / Gyms and Fitness Centers / Curves Spain / Place Visits / Sports and Recreation / Fitness sports / Gyms and Fitness Centers / Curves Spain / Place Visits / Sports and Recreation / Fitness sports / Gyms and Fitness Centers / Holmes Place Spain / Place Visits / Sports and Recreation / Fitness sports / Gyms and Fitness Centers / Holmes Place SpecialtyMilk_PlantBased_DietNutrition_Purch_12M o_2644 SpecialtyMilk_PlantBased_WellnessGuests_6Mo_26 Sport / Visited Leisure Centres / Gyms and Health Clubs In The Last 12 Months sporting goods / fitness accessories Sporting Goods & Fitness Shoppers SportingGoods_BicyclesPhysicalFitness_0_100_12m o_6668 Sports / Fitness & Exercise Enthusiasts Sports / Walking for Health Enthusiasts Sports Activities / Active In Fitness (Power Reach) Sports Activities / Active In Fitness (Super Target) sports and leisure / anytime fitness sports and leisure / crunch fitness sports and leisure / fitness first sports and leisure / flex fitness sports and leisure / go health clubs sports and leisure / plus fitness 24/7 sports and leisure / sam's fitness sports and leisure / snap fitness sports and leisure / southside fitness Standard - Allergy & Cold Sufferers Standard - Dandruff Solution Seekers Standard - Germ Blasters Standard - Oral Care Conscious Standard - Trim & Fit Lifestyles Standard - Weight & Diet Managers Standard / Pharmacy Visitor- CVS Standard / Pharmacy Visitor- Walgreens Standard / Women's health Standard US - Look-Alike - Baby Health Standard US - Look-Alike - Fitness Standard US - Look-Alike - Fitness and Health Standard US - Look-Alike - Wellness Stop smoking > Engaged Stop smoking > Intender Stop smoking > Interested Sub Category / Health Aids Sub Category / Health Aids / Allergy/Hayfever Remedies Sub Category / Health Aids / Allergy/Hayfever Remedies / Capsules/Lozenges/Strips/Tablet Sub Category / Health Aids / Antacids Capsules/Lozenges/Tablets Sub Category / Health Aids / Antiseptic Cream/Liquid, Multi Dose Sub Category / Health Aids / Cold/Flu Remedies Sub Category / Health Aids / Cold/Flu Remedies / Capsules/Lozenges/Strips/Tablets Sub Category / Health Aids / Cold/Flu Remedies / Granules/Powder, Single Dose Sub Category / Health Aids / Cough Remedies Liquid, Multi Dose Sub Category / Health Aids / General Analgesics Sub Category / Health Aids / General Analgesics / Capsules/Gum/Tablets Sub Category / Health Aids / General Analgesics / Liquid Internal Use, Multi Dose Sub Category / Health Aids / Health Suppl, Combinations, Capsules/Tablets Sub Category / Health Aids / Herb/Nut Based Sauce (Add and Serve), Ambient Sub Category / Health Aids / Muscular Pain Relief, Cream/Gel/Liquid Ext Use Sub Category / Health Aids / Plasters Precut Sub Category / Health Aids / Sore Throat Remedies Lozenges/Strips/Tablets Sub Category / Health Aids / Sun Protection, Cream/Gel/Liquid Sub Category / Health Aids / Vitamin Supplements, Capsules/Tablets Sub Category / Parapharmacie / Complements Nutritionnels Sub Category / Parapharmacie / Complements Nutritionnels / Gelules/Tablettes/Comprimes Sub Category / Parapharmacie / Complements Nutritionnels-Gelules/Tablettes/Comprimes Sub Category / Parapharmacie / Respiratoire / Decongestionnant Nasal Sub Category / Parapharmacie / Respiratoire- Decongestionnant Nasal Sub Category / Salad / RTE Pasta Based w/ Meat/Fish Additives Fxd Weight Sub Category / Salad / RTE Pasta Based W/o Meat/Fish Additives Fxd Weight Sub Category / Sugar/Candy / Cough/Throat Sweets, Non Medicated Super Spenders / Health Care / Prescription Drugs Sweden / Diet & Fitness / Diet & Weight Loss Sweden / Diet & Fitness / Exercise Sweden / Super Target / Interests / SE ST - Alternative healthcare Sweden / Super Target / Interests / SE ST - Diet tips Sweden / Super Target / Interests / SE ST - Dieting products Sweden / Super Target / Interests / SE ST - Disease and health care Sweden / Super Target / Interests / SE ST - Exercise Sweden / Super Target / Interests / SE ST - Health and Healthcare Sweden / Super Target / Interests / SE ST - Health care products Sweden / Super Target / Interests / SE ST - Healthy foods Sweden / Super Target / Media / SE ST - Papers - Health wellbeing Sweden / Super Target / Sport & Activities / SE ST - Interested in Fitness training Sweden / Super Target / Sport & Activities / SE ST - Interested in Gymnastics and Workout Telecom Site / Lifestyle / Media / Health Tobacco / Tobacco and Accessories / Smoking Accessory Tobacco / Tobacco and Accessories / Tobacco- Smoking TR / Geo-Behavioural / Health and Beauty / Female Hair and Beauty Customers TR / Geo-Behavioural / Healthcare / Pharmacy Shoppers TR / Geo-Behavioural / Healthcare / Visits Healthcare Facilities Traditional Exercisers Transactional / Convenience & Grocery / Drug Store & Pharmacy Purchasers Transactional / Convenience & Grocery / Drug Store & Pharmacy Purchasers / Drug Store & Pharmacy Purchasers: Heavy Frequency Transactional / Convenience & Grocery / Drug Store & Pharmacy Purchasers / Drug Store & Pharmacy Purchasers: Heavy Spenders Transactional / Convenience & Grocery / Drug Store & Pharmacy Purchasers / Drug Store & Pharmacy Purchasers: Light Frequency Transactional / Convenience & Grocery / Drug Store & Pharmacy Purchasers / Drug Store & Pharmacy Purchasers: Light Spenders Transactional / Convenience & Grocery / Drug Store & Pharmacy Purchasers / Drug Store & Pharmacy Purchasers: Moderate Frequency Transactional / Convenience & Grocery / Drug Store & Pharmacy Purchasers / Drug Store & Pharmacy Purchasers: Moderate Spenders Transactional / Convenience & Grocery / Drug Store & Pharmacy Purchasers / National Chain Drug Store Shoppers Transactional / Convenience & Grocery / Drug Store & Pharmacy Purchasers / Pharmacy Customers Transactional / Dental Health Transactional / Dental Health / Active Transactional / Dental Health / Lapsed Transactional / Dental Health / Lapsing Transactional / Dental Health / New Transactional / Health & Wellness / Gym & Fitness Purchasers Transactional / Health & Wellness / Gym & Fitness Purchasers / Boutique Fitness Studio Customers Transactional / Health & Wellness / Gym & Fitness Purchasers / Gym & Fitness Purchasers: Heavy Frequency Transactional / Health & Wellness / Gym & Fitness Purchasers / Gym & Fitness Purchasers: Heavy Spenders Transactional / Health & Wellness / Gym & Fitness Purchasers / Gym & Fitness Purchasers: Light Frequency Transactional / Health & Wellness / Gym & Fitness Purchasers / Gym & Fitness Purchasers: Light Spenders Transactional / Health & Wellness / Gym & Fitness Purchasers / Gym & Fitness Purchasers: Moderate Frequency Transactional / Health & Wellness / Gym & Fitness Purchasers / Gym & Fitness Purchasers: Moderate Spenders Transactional / Health & Wellness / Gym & Fitness Purchasers / Gym Customers Transactional / Health & Wellness / Vitamins & Supplements Purchasers Transactional / Health & Wellness / Vitamins & Supplements Purchasers / Online Vitamins & Supplement Buyers Transactional / Health & Wellness / Vitamins & Supplements Purchasers / Weight Loss Program Customers Transactional / Health Foods Transactional / Health Foods / Active Transactional / Health Foods / Lapsed Transactional / Health Foods / Lapsing Transactional / Health Foods / New Transactional / Medicinal & First Aid Transactional / Medicinal & First Aid / Active Transactional / Medicinal & First Aid / Lapsed Transactional / Medicinal & First Aid / Lapsing Transactional / Medicinal & First Aid / New Transactional / Other Health & Beauty Products Transactional / Other Health & Beauty Products / Active Transactional / Other Health & Beauty Products / Lapsed Transactional / Other Health & Beauty Products / Lapsing Transactional / Other Health & Beauty Products / New Transactional / Purchases / Health & Beauty Transactional / Purchases / Magazines / Health Transactional / Vitamins Transactional / Vitamins / Active Transactional / Vitamins / Lapsed Transactional / Vitamins / Lapsing Transactional / Vitamins / New Treat Smoking Cessation Trendy and healthy food Trendy Exercisers Trim & Fit Lifestyles TV / ABC / Extreme Weight Loss (Reality) TV / Exposure to Advertisements / Advil Pain Reliever TV / Exposure to Advertisements / Advil Pain Reliever / All Viewers TV / Exposure to Advertisements / Advil Pain Reliever / Heavy Viewers TV / Exposure to Advertisements / Aleve Pain Reliever TV / Exposure to Advertisements / Aleve Pain Reliever / All Viewers TV / Exposure to Advertisements / Aleve Pain Reliever / Heavy Viewers TV / Exposure to Advertisements / Aleve PM Pain Reliever TV / Exposure to Advertisements / Aleve PM Pain Reliever / All Viewers TV / Exposure to Advertisements / Aleve PM Pain Reliever / Heavy Viewers TV / Exposure to Advertisements / Bayer One a Day Vitamins TV / Exposure to Advertisements / Bayer One a Day Vitamins / All Viewers TV / Exposure to Advertisements / Bayer One a Day Vitamins / Heavy Viewers TV / Exposure to Advertisements / Centrum MultiGummies Vitamins TV / Exposure to Advertisements / Centrum MultiGummies Vitamins / All Viewers TV / Exposure to Advertisements / Centrum MultiGummies Vitamins / Heavy Viewers TV / Exposure to Advertisements / CVS Pharmacy Drug Store TV / Exposure to Advertisements / CVS Pharmacy Drug Store / All Viewers TV / Exposure to Advertisements / CVS Pharmacy Drug Store / Heavy Viewers TV / Exposure to Advertisements / Health Hotline TV / Exposure to Advertisements / Health Hotline / All Viewers TV / Exposure to Advertisements / Health Hotline / Heavy Viewers TV / Exposure to Advertisements / Medicare Health Reform Helpline Referral Services TV / Exposure to Advertisements / Medicare Health Reform Helpline Referral Services / All Viewers TV / Exposure to Advertisements / Medicare Health Reform Helpline Referral Services / Heavy Viewers TV / Exposure to Advertisements / Nutrisystem Fast 5+ Weight Loss TV / Exposure to Advertisements / Nutrisystem Fast 5+ Weight Loss / All Viewers TV / Exposure to Advertisements / Nutrisystem Fast 5+ Weight Loss / Heavy Viewers TV / Exposure to Advertisements / U.S.Department of Health and Human Services TV / Exposure to Advertisements / U.S. Department of Health and Human Services / All Viewers TV / Exposure to Advertisements / U.S.Department of Health and Human Services / Heavy Viewers TV / Exposure to Advertisements / United Healthcare TV / Exposure to Advertisements / United Healthcare / All Viewers TV / Exposure to Advertisements / United Healthcare / Heavy Viewers TV / Exposure to Advertisements / UnitedHealth Group TV / Exposure to Advertisements / UnitedHealth Group / All Viewers TV / Exposure to Advertisements / UnitedHealth Group / Heavy Viewers TV / Health UK / Beauty & Fitness UK / Beauty & Fitness / Beauty Pageants UK / Beauty & Fitness / Cosmetic Procedures UK / Beauty & Fitness / Face & Body Care UK / Beauty & Fitness / Face & Body Care / Skin & Nail Care UK / Beauty & Fitness / Face & Body Care / Unwanted Body & Facial Hair Removal UK / Beauty & Fitness / Fitness UK / Beauty & Fitness / Fitness / Bodybuilding UK / Beauty & Fitness / Fitness / Fitness Equipment & Accessories UK / Beauty & Fitness / Fitness / Fitness Instruction & Personal Training UK / Beauty & Fitness / Fitness / Gyms & Health Clubs UK / Beauty & Fitness / Fitness / Yoga & Pilates UK / Beauty & Fitness / Hair Care UK / Beauty & Fitness / Spas & Beauty Services UK / Beauty & Fitness / Spas & Beauty Services / Massage Therapy UK / Beauty & Fitness / Weight Loss UK / Behavioral - Lifestyle and Lifestage / Gym and Fitness Lifestyle UK / Behavioral - Retail / Health Food Shoppers UK / Exercise & Fitness UK / Exercise & Fitness / Diet & Weight Loss UK / Exercise & Fitness / Spring Weather UK / Finance / Insurance / Health Insurance UK / Food & Drink / Cooking & Recipes / Healthy Eating UK / Health UK / Health / Aging & Geriatrics UK / Health / Alternative & Natural Medicine UK / Health / Alternative & Natural Medicine / Acupuncture & Chinese Medicine UK / Health / Alternative & Natural Medicine / Cleansing & Detoxification UK / Health / Health Conditions UK / Health / Health Conditions / Allergies UK / Health / Health Conditions / Cold & Flu UK / Health / Health Conditions / Ear Nose & Throat UK / Health / Health Foundations & Medical Research UK / Health / Medical Devices & Equipment UK / Health / Medical Facilities & Services UK / Health / Medical Facilities & Services / Hospitals & Treatment Centers UK / Health / Medical Facilities & Services / Medical Procedures UK / Health / Medical Facilities & Services / Physical Therapy UK / Health / Medical Literature & Resources UK / Health / Men's Health UK / Health / Nursing UK / Health / Nutrition UK / Health / Nutrition / Special & Restricted Diets UK / Health / Nutrition / Vitamins & Supplements UK / Health / Oral & Dental Care UK / Health / Pediatrics UK / Health / Pharmacy UK / Health / Public Health UK / Health / Public Health / Health Policy UK / Health / Vision Care UK / Health / Vision Care / Eye Exams & Optometry UK / Health / Vision Care / Eyeglasses & Contacts UK / Health / Vision Care / Laser Vision Correction UK / Health / Women's Health UK / Interest / Health & Fitness Buffs (App Usage) UK / Lifestyle and Interests / Interest in Health Foods UK / Lifestyle and Interests / Interest in Jogging/Physical Exercise UK / Lifestyle and Interests / Interest in Vitamins/Food Supplements UK / Lifestyle and Interests / Likely Non Smoking Household UK / Retail / Insurance / AXA Healthcare UK / Retail / Insurance / AXA Healthcare / Heavy Buyers (Nielsen Buyer Insights) UK / Social / Beauty / Fitness UK / Social / Finance / Health Insurance UK / Social / Health UK / Social / Health / Aging UK / Social / Health / Healthy Living UK / Social / Health / Men's health UK / Social / Health / Nutrition UK / Social / Health / Vision Care UK / Social / Health / Weight Loss UK / Social / Health / Women's Health UK: Interest - Health & Fitness United Kingdom (UK) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Datalogix (DLX) Purchase-Based / Categories and Brands / Health and Beauty Products United Kingdom (UK) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Datalogix (DLX) Purchase-Based / Categories and Brands / Health and Beauty Products / Hair Care United Kingdom (UK) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Datalogix (DLX) Purchase-Based / Categories and Brands / Health and Beauty Products / Vitamins United Kingdom (UK) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Interest (Affinity) / Eating Styles / Healthy United Kingdom (UK) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products United Kingdom (UK) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Hair Care United Kingdom (UK) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Skin Care United Kingdom (UK) / Consumer Packaged Goods (CPG/FMCG) / Interest (Affinity) / Product Categories / Health and Beauty Products / Vitamins United Kingdom (UK) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness United Kingdom (UK) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise United Kingdom (UK) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise / Gyms United Kingdom (UK) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise / Running and Jogging United Kingdom (UK) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise / Strength Training United Kingdom (UK) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Exercise / Walking United Kingdom (UK) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness United Kingdom (UK) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness / Dieting and Weight Loss United Kingdom (UK) / Hobbies and Interests (Affinity) / Health and Fitness / Wellness / Nutrition United Kingdom (UK) / Lifestyles / Enthusiasts / Healthy Living United Kingdom (UK) / Retail / In-Market / Health and Fitness United Kingdom (UK) / Retail / In-Market / Health and Fitness / Fitness United Kingdom (UK) / Retail / Purchase-Based / Categories / Health and Fitness Buyers United Kingdom (UK) / Retail / Purchase-Based / Categories / Health and Fitness Buyers / Fitness United Kingdom (UK) / Retail / Purchase-Based / Categories / Health and Fitness Buyers / Natural Wellness United Kingdom / Health & Fitness / Exercise Enthusiasts United Kingdom / Interests / Healthy Living / Beauty & Wellness Enthusiasts United Kingdom / Interests / Healthy Living / Beauty & Wellness Enthusiasts United Kingdom / Interests / Healthy Living / Health and Fitness Enthusiasts United Kingdom / Interests / Healthy Living / Health and Fitness Enthusiasts United Kingdom / Interests / Healthy Living / Organic & Eco Conscious United Kingdom / Interests / Healthy Living / Organic & Eco Conscious United Kingdom / Interests / Sports / Fitness Fanatics United Kingdom / Interests / Sports / Fitness Fanatics United Kingdom / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Boots The Chemists United Kingdom / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Boots The Chemists United Kingdom / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Co-Op Pharmacy United Kingdom / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Co-Op Pharmacy United Kingdom / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Superdrug United Kingdom / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Superdrug United Kingdom / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Tesco Instore Pharmacy United Kingdom / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Tesco Instore Pharmacy United Kingdom / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Tims & Parker United Kingdom / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Tims & Parker United Kingdom / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Vantage Pharmacy United Kingdom / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Vantage Pharmacy United Kingdom / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Weldrick United Kingdom / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Weldrick United Kingdom / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Whitworth Chemists United Kingdom / Place Visits / Healthcare / Pharmacies & Drug Stores / Whitworth Chemists United Kingdom / Place Visits / Sports and Recreation / Fitness sports / Gyms and Fitness Centers / Curves United Kingdom / Place Visits / Sports and Recreation / Fitness sports / Gyms and Fitness Centers / Curves United Kingdom / Place Visits / Sports and Recreation / Fitness sports / Gyms and Fitness Centers / Fitness First United Kingdom / Place Visits / Sports and Recreation / Fitness sports / Gyms and Fitness Centers / Fitness First United Kingdom / Place Visits / Sports and Recreation / Fitness sports / Gyms and Fitness Centers / Mill Hotel & Spa United Kingdom / Place Visits / Sports and Recreation / Fitness sports / Gyms and Fitness Centers / Mill Hotel & Spa United Kingdom / Place Visits / Sports and Recreation / Fitness sports / Gyms and Fitness Centers / Rileys United Kingdom / Place Visits / Sports and Recreation / Fitness sports / Gyms and Fitness Centers / Rileys United Kingdom / Place Visits / Sports and Recreation / Fitness sports / Gyms and Fitness Centers / Virgin Active United Kingdom / Place Visits / Sports and Recreation / Fitness sports / Gyms and Fitness Centers / Virgin Active United Kingdom / Retail / Beauty, Health and Grocery Shoppers United Kingdom / Retail / Pharmacy Patrons United States / Brand Affinities / Food and Drink / Life Time Fitness United States / Brand Affinities / Food and Drink / Life Time Fitness United States / Clothing Shoppers / Pearle Vision Center United States / DataStream / Eagle / Eagle Vision United States / Department Store Visitors / Pharmacy Visitors United States / Family Pharmacy United States / Finance & Money / Insurance / Health Insurance United States / Food & Beverages / Health Food United States / Food & Beverages / Health Food / Gluten Free Food United States / Fred's Pharmacy United States / Grocery Store Shoppers / Albertsons Food & Pharmacy United States / Gym Enthusiasts / 24 Hour Fitness United States / Gym Enthusiasts / Anytime Fitness United States / Gym Enthusiasts / Bally Total Fitness United States / Gym Enthusiasts / Jenny Craig Weight Loss Center United States / Gym Enthusiasts / LA Fitness United States / Gym Enthusiasts / Life Time Fitness United States / Gym Enthusiasts / Orangetheory Fitness United States / Gym Enthusiasts / Planet Fitness United States / Gym Enthusiasts / Snap Fitness United States / Health Mart Pharmacy United States / Healthy living / Fitness United States / Healthy living / General Interest in Healthy living United States / Healthy living / Meditation United States / Healthy living / Nutrition United States / Healthy living / Relaxation United States / Healthy living / Yoga United States / Interests / Healthy Living / Beauty & Wellness Enthusiasts United States / Interests / Healthy Living / Beauty & Wellness Enthusiasts United States / Interests / Healthy Living / Dieters United States / Interests / Healthy Living / Dieters United States / Interests / Healthy Living / Health and Fitness Enthusiasts United States / Interests / Healthy Living / Health and Fitness Enthusiasts United States / Interests / Healthy Living / Organic & Eco Conscious United States / Interests / Healthy Living / Organic & Eco Conscious United States / Interests / Sports / Fitness Fanatics United States / Interests / Sports / Fitness Fanatics United States / Lifestyle / Healthy Living United States / Lifestyle / Healthy Living / Extreme Activities United States / Lifestyle / Healthy Living / New Age Enthusiasts United States / Lifestyle / Healthy Living / Protein Powder / Supplements United States / Lifestyle / Healthy Living / Sports Enthusiasts United States / Lifestyle / Healthy Living / Sports Enthusiasts / NCAA Enthusiasts United States / Lifestyle / Healthy Living / Sports Enthusiasts / Olympic Enthusiasts United States / Lifestyle / Healthy Living / Sports Enthusiasts / Super Bowl Enthusiasts United States / Lifestyle / Healthy Living / Vitamin Consumers United States / Medicap Pharmacy United States / Medicine Shoppe Pharmacy United States / Pharmacy Shoppers / CVS Pharmacy United States / Pharmacy Shoppers / Duane Reade United States / Pharmacy Shoppers / Kerr Drug United States / Pharmacy Shoppers / Longs Drugs United States / Pharmacy Shoppers / Rite Aid United States / Pharmacy Shoppers / Sav-On Pharmacy United States / Pharmacy Shoppers / Walgreens United States / Premium / Family / Mothers Lifestyle / Fitness Mothers United States / Premium / Lifestyle / Donors / Contributes to Health Charities United States / Premium / Lifestyle / Health and Wellness Trends Enthusiasts United States / Premium / Lifestyle / Health and Wellness Trends Enthusiasts / Actively Try New Health and Diet Trends United States / Premium / Lifestyle / Health and Wellness Trends Enthusiasts / Actively Try New Health and Diet Trends / On a diet United States / Premium / Past Purchase / Personal Care / Vitamins and Personal Health Products United States / Premium / Past Purchase / Personal Care / Vitamins and Personal Health Products / Online Personal Health Product Buyers United States / Premium / Past Purchase / Personal Care / Vitamins and Personal Health Products / Retail Personal Health Product Buyers United States / Premium / Past Purchase / Personal Care / Vitamins and Personal Health Products / Vitamins and Personal Health Products Power Buyer United States / Premium / Past Purchase / Personal Care / Vitamins and Personal Health Products / Vitamins and Personal Health Products Purchase of $1 - $30 United States / Premium / Past Purchase / Personal Care / Vitamins and Personal Health Products / Vitamins and Personal Health Products Purchase of $219 - $9999 United States / Premium / Past Purchase / Personal Care / Vitamins and Personal Health Products / Vitamins and Personal Health Products Purchase of $31 - $218 United States / Purchase History / Propensity to Purchase / Personal Health Products / High United States / Purchase History / Propensity to Purchase / Personal Health Products / High United States / Purchase History / Propensity to Purchase / Personal Health Products / Low United States / Purchase History / Propensity to Purchase / Personal Health Products / Low United States / Purchase History / Propensity to Purchase / Personal Health Products / Moderate United States / Retail / Pharmacy Shoppers United States / Sports / Fitness & Exercise United States / Sports / Fitness & Exercise / Crossfit United States / Sports / Fitness & Exercise / Gym Goers United States / Sports / Fitness & Exercise / Joggers Runners United States / Sports / Fitness & Exercise / Mixed Martial Arts United States / Sports / Fitness & Exercise / Sports Apparel & Active Wear United States / Sports / Fitness & Exercise / Yoga Pilates United States / Sports & Recreation 2 / Weightlifting US / Canada / In-Market / Health & Wellness US / Canada / In-Market / Health & Wellness / Natural Wellness US / Canada / In-Market / Health & Wellness / Weight Loss & Supplements US / Canada / In-Market / Sports / Fitness US / Canada / Interests / CPG / Health & Beauty US / Canada / Interests / CPG / Health & Beauty / Diet & Nutrition US / Canada / Interests / CPG / Health & Beauty / Skincare US / Canada / Interests / CPG / Health & Beauty / Sports Nutrition US / Canada / Retail / Health & Wellness US / Canada / Retail / Health & Wellness / Natural Wellness US / Canada / Retail / Health & Wellness / Weight Loss & Supplements US / Canada / Retail / Sports / Fitness US / Finance / Health Insurance US / Food and Cooking / Quick & Healthy Meals US / Health & Hygiene / Arthritis Treatment US / Health & Hygiene / Athlete's Foot US / Health & Hygiene / Blood Sugar Management US / Health & Hygiene / Cholesterol US / Health & Hygiene / Eczema Treatment US / Health & Hygiene / Healthies US / Health & Hygiene / Men's Hygiene US / Health & Hygiene / Optometry US / Health & Hygiene / Personal Hygiene US / Health & Hygiene / Psoriasis Treatment US / Health & Hygiene / Skin Care US / Health & Hygiene / Skincare & Cosmetic Brands US / Health & Hygiene / Spine US / Health & Hygiene / Vitamin Users US / Health & Hygiene / Weight-loss Seekers US / Healthcare Solutions US > Health > Vision Care > Eyeglasses & Contacts US Hispanic / Health & Fitness US Hispanics / Health and Fitness US Hispanics / Intent / Health and personal care US Hispanics / Interest / Health and personal care US Hispanics / Interest / Health and personal care / Fitness US Hispanics / Interest / Health and personal care / Wellness US Hispanics / Interest / Healthy Living US Hispanics / Interest / Healthy Living / Fitness US Hispanics / Interest / Healthy Living / Nutrition and Diets US Only / Anytime Fitness US Only / CVS Pharmacy US Only / Jenny Craig Weight Loss Center US Only / Lifestyle and Lifestage / Gym and Fitness Lifestyle US Only / Retail / Health Food Shoppers US Only / Retail / Pharmacy Shoppers US Only / Weight Watchers US Spanish Speakers / Interest / Health and wellbeing US Spanish Speakers / Interest / Health and wellbeing / Fitness and exercise USA - HISPANICS / Activation Segment / Diet (EN), Dieta (ES), Dieta (PT) USA - HISPANICS / Activation Segment / Healthy eating (EN), Alimentacion saludable (ES), Alimentacao saudavel (PT) USA - HISPANICS / Interest / Health (EN), Salud (ES), Saude (PT) USA - HISPANICS / Life Style / Fitness and Wellness (EN), Deportista (ES), Esportista (PT) USA - HISPANICS / Microsegment / Supervisors (EN), Supervisores (ES), Supervisores (PT) USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Beauty Product Big Spenders USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Calcium Users USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Diet to Control Blood Pressure USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Diet to Look Good USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Diet to Lose Weight USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Diet to Maintain Blood Glucose / Cholesterol USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Fiber Users USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Fitness Fanatics USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Folic Acid (Vitamin B9) Users USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Glucosamine Users USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Healthy Eating Habits USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Herbals / Botanicals (e.g., Turmeric, Green Tea, Melatonin) Users USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Iron Users USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Magnesium Users USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Motivated to Improve Physical Appearance USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Omega-3 / Fish Oil Users USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Potassium Users USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Probiotics Users USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Protein (e.g., Powders, Drinks, Bars) Users USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Take A Supplement for Bone Health USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Take A Supplement for Digestive Health USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Take A Supplement for Healthy Aging USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Take A Supplement for Heart Health USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Take A Supplement for Immune Health USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Take A Supplement for Increased Energy USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Take A Supplement for Joint Health USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Take A Supplement for Weight Management USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Vitamin and Supplement Supporters USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Vitamin B- complex Users USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Vitamin C Users USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Vitamin D Users USA / US / Exercise, Diet and Nutrition / Vitamin E Users USA / US / Health Attitudes and Behaviors / Engaged Yet Neutral on Healthcare Ads USA / US / Health Attitudes and Behaviors / Future Prospects to Experience Poor Health USA / US / Health Attitudes and Behaviors / Health Influencer, Informed and Trusted by Friends USA / US / Health Attitudes and Behaviors / Healthy Independents, Optimistic Health Outlook USA / US / Health Attitudes and Behaviors / Medical Check Ups / None Past 5 Years USA / US / Health Attitudes and Behaviors / Medical Facilities / Frequent Emergency Room (ER) Users USA / US / Health Attitudes and Behaviors / Medical Facilities / Frequent Hospital Users USA / US / Health Attitudes and Behaviors / Medical Facilities / Frequent Urgent Care Users USA / US / Health Attitudes and Behaviors / Pessimistic Health Outlook and Stressed USA / US / Health Attitudes and Behaviors / Prefer Non-prescription (OTC) Over Prescription (RX) USA / US / Health Attitudes and Behaviors / Proactive Patients USA / US / Health Attitudes and Behaviors / Quick to Treat with OTC USA / US / Health Attitudes and Behaviors / Value Prescription Medications USA / US / Health Caregivers / Caregivers Assisting with Treatments / Medications USA / US / Health Caregivers / Caregivers of Arthritis Patients USA / US / Health Caregivers / Caregivers of Children / Teenagers USA / US / Health Caregivers / Caregivers of Older Adults (65+ Years) USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Acid Reflux / Gerd USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Acid Reflux / Gerd Older Sufferers (aged 55+) USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Adult Acne, OTC Treatment USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Allergy, Children's, OTC treatment USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Allergy, Food USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Allergy, Grass USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Allergy, OTC Treatment, Age 18-34 USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Allergy, OTC Treatment, Age 35-49 USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Allergy, Ragweed USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Allergy, Tree Pollen USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Arthritis, Moderate to Severe USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Back Pain USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Cold / Cough / Flu, OTC Treatment, Age 18-34 USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Cold / Cough / Flu, OTC Treatment, Age 35-49 USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / High Blood Pressure USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Joint Pain USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Migraine Headache USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Migraine Headache, Chronic USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Muscle Pain USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Nerve Pain USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Osteoarthritis, Satisfied with RX USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Pain Interfere with Ability to Sleep USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Pain, OTC Treatment USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Psoriasis, Moderate to Severe USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Psoriatic Arthritis USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Rosacea USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Sleeping Difficulty / Insomnia, No Treatment USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Sleeping Difficulty / Insomnia, OTC Treatment USA / US / Health Conditions and Treatments / Vaccine / Flu Vaccine Investigators USA / US / Health Insurance / Medicare Prescription Drug Plan USA / US / Health Insurance / No Health Insurance USA / US / Health Insurance / Out-of-pocket RX Buyers USA / US / Health Insurance / Prescription Savings Plan USA / US / Health Media and Advertising / Go Online after Seeing Healthcare Ads USA / US / Health Media and Advertising / Interested in Rx after Seeing Healthcare Ads USA / US / Health Media and Advertising / Take or Refill Rx after Seeing Healthcare Ads USA / US / Health Media and Advertising / Value Diet or Fitness Websites for Health Information USA / US / Health Media and Advertising / Value Health-Related Websites for Health Information USA / US / Health Media and Advertising / Value Magazines for Health Information USA / US / Health Media and Advertising / Value Online Video for Health Information USA / US / Health Media and Advertising / Value Pharmacists for Health Information USA / US / Health Media and Advertising / Value Social Media for Health Information USA / US / Health Media and Advertising / Value TV for Health Information USA / US / Health Shopping Behavior / Purchase Medication Online USA / US / Health Shopping Behavior / Receptive to Rx Coupons USA / US / Interest / Health, Beauty and Personal Care / Fitness USA / US / Interest / Health, Beauty and Personal Care / Nutrition USA / US / Tobacco / Trying to Quit Smoking USA / US / TV Ads and Health / Conducted Online Search After Seeing Healthcare Ads On TV USA / US / TV Ads and Health / Discussed Ad with Doc / Switched Brands After Seeing Healthcare Ads On TV USA / US / TV Ads and Health / Purchased OTC After Seeing Healthcare Ads On TV USA / US / TV Ads and Health / Refilled Prescription After Seeing Healthcare Ads On TV USA / US / TV Ads and Health / Visited Pharma Website After Seeing Healthcare Ads On TV USA / US / TV Ads and Health / Watched Video Online After Seeing Healthcare Ads On TV USA / US / TV Viewing Habits / TV Genre / Watch Health USA / US / Auto Owners / Auto Model / SORENTO USA / US / Brand Use and Perception / Finance / Insurance / Current Customer / Unitedhealthcare USA / US / Holidays Favorite Leisure Trip Types / Activities / sport (e.g.Walking and Hiking, Cycling, Health and Fitness, Etc.) USA / US / Holidays Favorite Leisure Trip Types / Spa Trip / health Spa Trip USA / US / Intent / Likely to Purchase / Insurance Purchasing Behavior / Health Insurance USA / US / Interest / Brand Affinity / Health and Nutrition Store Visitor / GNC USA / US / Interest / Brand Affinity / Nonprofit / Partners In Health USA / US / Interest / Brand Affinity / Nonprofit / World Vision USA / US / Interest / Brand Affinity / Pharmacy Store Visitor / CVS USA / US / Interest / Brand Affinity / Pharmacy Store Visitor / Duane Reade USA / US / Interest / Brand Affinity / Pharmacy Store Visitor / Medicine Shoppe Pharmacy USA / US / Interest / Brand Affinity / Pharmacy Store Visitor / Rite Aid USA / US / Interest / Brand Affinity / Pharmacy Store Visitor / Walgreens USA / US / Interest / Donors / Non-Profit / Health Donor USA / US / Interest / Food and Cooking / Healthy Eating USA / US / Interest / General Interest / Health and Medical / Eye Care Location Visitor USA / US / Interest / General Interest / Health and Medical / Location Visitor USA / US / Interest / General Interest / Health and Medical / Pharmacy Location Visitor USA / US / Interest / General Interest / Health Fitness / Gym Yoga Recreation Clubs Location Visitor USA / US / Interest / General Interest / Health Fitness / Location Visitor USA / US / Interest / Health and Fitness / Healthy Eating USA / US / Interest / Health, Beauty and Personal Care USA / US / Interest / Lifestyle and Other Interests / Dieting and Weight loss USA / US / Interest / Lifestyle and Other Interests / Health and Medical USA / US / Interest / Purchase Categories / Health and Beauty Products USA / US / Interest / Sports / Aerobic Exercise USA / US / Interest / Sports / Running Exercise USA / US / Interest / Sports / Walking Exercise USA / US / Interest / Treatment / Acne USA / US / Interest / Treatment / Allergies USA / US / Interest / Treatment / Cholesterol USA / US / Interest / Treatment / Diet USA / US / Interest / Treatment / Heartburn USA / US / Interest / Treatment / High Blood Pressure USA / US / Interest / Treatment / Nasal Congestion USA / US / Mobile Apps / Health and Diet App Users USA / US / Online Videos / Watch Health and Fitness Videos Online USA / US / Sociodemographic / Lifestyle / Health / Diet USA / US / Sociodemographic / Lifestyle / Health / Fitness USA / US / Sociodemographic / Lifestyle / Health / Health and Medical USA / US Brand Propensities / Food and Drug / Swanson Vitamins Buyer Propensity USA / US Brand Propensities / Food and Drug / Weight Watchers International Buyer Propensity USA / US Composite / Sports and Fitness Buffs USA / US Composite / Sports and Fitness Buffs Online USA / US EyeSocial / Personal Care / High Affinity / Dental Care USA / US EyeSocial / Personal Care / High Affinity / Diet USA / US EyeSocial / Personal Care / High Affinity / Supplements USA / US EyeSocial / Sports / High Affinity / Fitness USA / US Health and Wellbeing / Fitness and Exercise USA / US Health and Wellbeing / Health and Wellbeing USA / US Health and Wellbeing / Health, Wellness and Fitness USA / US Health and Wellbeing / Nutraceutical Supplements Buyers USA / US Health and Wellbeing / Self-Improvement USA / US Health and Wellbeing / Weight Loss USA / US Premium Health and Wellbeing / Premium Fitness and Exercise USA / US Premium Health and Wellbeing / Premium Health and Wellbeing USA / US Premium Health and Wellbeing / Premium Health, Wellness and Fitness USA / US Premium Health and Wellbeing / Premium Self-Improvement USA / US Premium Health and Wellbeing / Premium Weight Loss USA / US Premium Products and Services Propensities / Premium Health Insurance: Propensity USA / US Products and Services Propensities / Health Insurance: Propensity USA / US Reach / Propensity Models / Finance / Insurance / Medical Insurance Policy Holders USA / US Reach / Propensity Models / Hobbies and Interest / Sports / Fitness Enthusiasts USA / US Reach / Propensity Models / Lifestyle / Charities / Contributes to Health Charities USA / US Reach / Propensity Models / Lifestyle / Healthy Living USA / US Reach / Propensity Models / Lifestyle / On a Diet USA / US Reach / Propensity Models / Retail / Household Consumer Expenditures / Personal Health USA / US Reach / Propensity Models / Retail / Online / Personal Health USA / US Senior Market / Health Conscious Seniors USA / US Senior Market / Seniors with a Mind for Fitness and Exercise USA / US Vertical Health / Acne Interest USA / US Vertical Health / Allergy Interest USA / US Vertical Health / Arthritis Interest USA / US Vertical Health / Back Pain Interest USA / US Vertical Health / Chronic Pain Interest USA / US Vertical Health / Cold and Flu Interest USA / US Vertical Health / Dental Health Interest USA / US Vertical Health / Diet and Weight-loss Interest USA / US Vertical Health / Digestive Health Interest USA / US Vertical Health / Fitness and Exercise Interest USA / US Vertical Health / Food Allergy Interest USA / US Vertical Health / Gluten-Free Diet Interest USA / US Vertical Health / Headache and Migraine Interest USA / US Vertical Health / Health Caregiver Interest USA / US Vertical Health / Healthy Lifestyle Interest USA / US Vertical Health / High Blood Pressure Interest USA / US Vertical Health / Men's Health Interest USA / US Vertical Health / OTC Medications Interest USA / US Vertical Health / Pediatrics Health Interest USA / US Vertical Health / Psoriatic Arthritis Interest USA / US Vertical Health / Respiratory Health Interest USA / US Vertical Health / Sandwich Generation USA / US Vertical Health / Senior Health Interest USA / US Vertical Health / Skin Health Interest USA / US Vertical Health / Sleep Health Interest USA / US Vertical Health / Smoking Cessation Interest USA / US Vertical Health / Spine Health Interest USA / US Vertical Health / Sports Injury Interest USA / US Vertical Health / Thyroid Health Interest A USA / US Vertical Health / Vaccination Interest USA / US Vertical Health / Vision and Eye Health Interest USA / US Vertical Health / Women's Health Interest Verified Purchase / Diet and Nutrition Verified Purchase / Health & Wellness Verified Purchase / Health & Wellness / Pain Reliever Verified Purchase / Medicine Verified Purchase / Vitamins & Oils Videos Online / Fitness e Nutricao Vision Vitamin & Daily Supplement Information Seekers Vitamin Nutrition Purchasers Vitamin Supplements Vitamins Vitamins and Supplements Vitamins and Supplements / Complete Nutritional Products Vitamins and Supplements / Dietary Supplements Vitamins and Supplements / Minerals Vitamins and Supplements / Probiotics Vitamins and Supplements / Protein Supplements Vitamins and Supplements / Vitamins - Adult Vitamins and Supplements / Vitamins - Children Vitamins Supplement Purchasers Wants to Buy - Products / Health & Beauty Supplies Wants to Buy - Products / Health & Beauty Supplies Wants to Buy - Products / Health & Beauty Supplies / Dental Care Wants to Buy - Products / Health & Beauty Supplies / Hair Care Wants to Buy - Products / Health & Beauty Supplies / Hair Care Appliances Wants to Buy - Products / Health & Beauty Supplies / Massagers Wants to Buy - Products / Health & Beauty Supplies / Skin Care Appliances Wants to Buy - Products / Health & Beauty Supplies / Skin Care Products Wants to Buy - Products / Health & Beauty Supplies / Vision Care Wants to Buy - Products / Health & Beauty Supplies / Vitamins & Nutrition Wants to Buy - Products / Sports Equipment & Outdoor Gear Wants to Buy - Products / Sports Equipment & Outdoor Gear / Fitness Equipment Wants to Buy - Products / Sports Equipment & Outdoor Gear / Fitness Equipment / Cardio Equipment Accessories Wants to Buy - Products / Sports Equipment & Outdoor Gear / Fitness Equipment / Elliptical & Cross Trainer Machines Wants to Buy - Products / Sports Equipment & Outdoor Gear / Fitness Equipment / Exercise Bikes Wants to Buy - Products / Sports Equipment & Outdoor Gear / Fitness Equipment / Free Weight Equipment Wants to Buy - Products / Sports Equipment & Outdoor Gear / Fitness Equipment / Home Gyms Wants to Buy - Products / Sports Equipment & Outdoor Gear / Fitness Equipment / Rowing Machines Wants to Buy - Products / Sports Equipment & Outdoor Gear / Fitness Equipment / Strength & Fitness Training Wants to Buy - Products / Sports Equipment & Outdoor Gear / Fitness Equipment / Treadmills Wants to Buy - Products / Sports Equipment & Outdoor Gear / Fitness Equipment / Weight Machines Wants to Buy - Products / Sports Equipment & Outdoor Gear / Fitness Equipment / Yoga & Pilates Equipment Wants to Buy / Drugstore & Pharmacy Wants to Buy / Drugstore & Pharmacy / Hair Care Wants to Buy / Drugstore & Pharmacy / Hair Care Wants to Buy / Drugstore & Pharmacy / Medicines & Prescriptions Wants to Buy / Drugstore & Pharmacy / Medicines & Prescriptions Wants to Buy / Drugstore & Pharmacy / Nails & Nailcare Wants to Buy / Drugstore & Pharmacy / Nails & Nailcare Wants to Buy / Drugstore & Pharmacy / Other Beauty Products Wants to Buy / Drugstore & Pharmacy / Other Beauty Products Wants to Buy / Drugstore & Pharmacy / Skincare Wants to Buy / Drugstore & Pharmacy / Skincare Wants to Buy / Drugstore and Pharmacy / Skincare Wants to Buy / Food & Drink / Health Foods & Vitamins Wants to Buy / Food & Drink / Health Foods & Vitamins Wants to Buy / Food and Drink / Health Foods and Vitamins Wants to Buy / Interests / Electronic Smoking Vapour Wants to Buy / Interests / Electronic Smoking Vapour Wants to Buy / Interests / Fitness Equipment Wants to Buy / Interests / Fitness Equipment Wants to Buy / Interests / Fitness Services Wants to Buy / Interests / Fitness Services Wants to Buy / Interests / Health and Wellness Equipment Wants to Buy / Interests / Health and Wellness Equipment Wearables / Use App/Site To Track Calories/ Exercise Wearables / Used Hlth Monit Devc Lst 12M:Wearable Fitness Health Tracker Weather Conditions / Acne Weather Conditions / Migraine Remedies Weather Conditions / Migraine Symptoms Weather Conditions / Pharmacy Visits Weather Conditions / Sinus Congestion Weather Forecast / Cough and Cold Symptoms Web / Companies / A-F / Acadia Healthcare Web / Companies / A-F / Advocate Health Care Web / Companies / A-F / AMN Healthcare Services Web / Companies / A-F / Aurora Health Care Web / Companies / A-F / Banner Health Web / Companies / A-F / Carolinas Healthcare System Web / Companies / A-F / Community Health Systems Web / Companies / A-F / CVS Health Web / Companies / A-F / Davita Healthcare Partners Web / Companies / A-F / Diplomat Pharmacy Web / Companies / A-F / Envision Healthcare Web / Companies / G-L / Genisis Healthcare Web / Companies / G-L / Health Net Web / Companies / G-L / Iasis Healthcare Web / Companies / G-L / IMS Health Web / Companies / G-L / Intermountain Healthcare Web / Companies / G-L / Kindred Healthcare Web / Companies / G-L / Lifepoint Health Web / Companies / M-Q / Magellan Health Web / Companies / M-Q / Mead Johnson Nutrition Web / Companies / M-Q / Molina Healthcare Web / Companies / M-Q / National Institutes Of Health Web / Companies / M-Q / Philips Healthcare Web / Companies / M-Q / Providence Health & Services Web / Companies / R-Z / Siemens Healthcare Web / Companies / R-Z / Tenet Healthcare Web / Companies / R-Z / Unitedhealth Group Web / Companies / R-Z / Universal Health Services Web / Companies / R-Z / Wellcare Health Plans Web / Demographic / Finances / Charitable Donors / Health Causes Web / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health Web / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / Aging Care Web / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / Base Make Web / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / Beauty Appliances Web / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / Body Care Web / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / Depilation Web / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / Diet Web / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / Esthetic Web / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / For Men Web / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / Hair Care Web / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / Health Goods Web / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / Health Goods / Diet Foods Web / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / Health Goods / Health Foods_Supplement Web / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / Make Up Web / In Market / Considering / Beauty_Health / Skin Care Web / In Market / Purchased / Beauty_Health Web / In Market / Purchased / Beauty_Health / Aging Care Web / In Market / Purchased / Beauty_Health / Beauty Appliances Web / In Market / Purchased / Beauty_Health / Body Care Web / In Market / Purchased / Beauty_Health / Depilation Web / In Market / Purchased / Beauty_Health / Diet Web / In Market / Purchased / Beauty_Health / For Men Web / In Market / Purchased / Beauty_Health / Hair Care Web / In Market / Purchased / Beauty_Health / Health Goods Web / In Market / Purchased / Beauty_Health / Make Up Web / In Market / Purchased / Beauty_Health / Oral Care Web / In Market / Purchased / Beauty_Health / Skin Care Web / Interest / Beauty_Health Web / Interest / Beauty_Health / Beauty Web / Interest / Beauty_Health / Beauty / Body Care Web / Interest / Beauty_Health / Beauty / Dental Care Web / Interest / Beauty_Health / Beauty / Diet Web / Interest / Beauty_Health / Beauty / Hair Care Web / Interest / Beauty_Health / Beauty / Skin Care Web / Interest / Beauty_Health / Beauty / Skin Care / BB Cream_CC Cream Web / Interest / Beauty_Health / Beauty / Skin Care / Facial Wash Web / Interest / Beauty_Health / Beauty / UV Care Web / Interest / Beauty_Health / Health Web / Interest / Beauty_Health / Health / Health Care Web / Interest / Beauty_Health / Health / Health Foods_Supplement Web / Interest / Beauty_Health / Health / Kampo Web / Interest / Beauty_Health / Health / Nutrition Care Web / Interest / Beauty_Health / Health / Pollen Allergy Web / Interest / Entertainment / Books / Health Web / Interest / Finance_Insurance / Insurance / Health Insurance Web / Interest / Finance_Insurance / Insurance / Medical Insurance Web / Interest / Health & Fitness Web / Interest / Health & Fitness / Exercise Web / Interest / Health & Fitness / Healthy Living Web / Interest / Health & Fitness / Men's Web / Interest / Health & Fitness / Nutrition Web / Interest / Health & Fitness / Nutrition / Vegetarian Web / Interest / Hobby / Idol / Johnny's / Arashi Web / Interest / Hobby / Recipe / Diet Web / Interest / News_Society / Welfare_Nursing Web / Life Stage / Nursing Care Web / Lifestyles / Healthy & Fit Web / Location Analogy / Traffic / Smoking Web / Location Analogy / Traffic / Smoking / etobacco Web / Location Analogy / Traffic / Smoking / etobacco / glo Web / Location Analogy / Traffic / Smoking / etobacco / iqos Web / Location Analogy / Traffic / Smoking / etobacco / ploom tech Web / Location Analogy / Traffic / Smoking / etobacco / vape Web / Location Analogy / Traffic / Smoking / Smoking Area Web / Profession / Nursing Web / Used Store / Pharmacy Weight & Diet Managers Weight Loss Weight Watchers Weight-loss Seekers Weightlifting Wellness Wellness and Fitness Wellness Purchasers Women / Women Seeking Weight-loss Women's Health & Beauty Word of Mouth Influencers / Category Talkers / Talks About Healthcare Word of Mouth Influencers / Conversation Catalysts / Healthcare Word of Mouth Influencers / CPG/Pharma / Talks About Oral Health Products Word of Mouth Influencers / CPG/Pharma / Talks About Pharmacys Word of Mouth Influencers / Issues / Talks About Health Insurance/System Word of Mouth Influencers / Issues / Talks About Nutrition/Healthy Eating Workout Warriors