Loading... Products All-In-One Protection Recommended NEW! McAfee + Products Worry-free protection for your privacy, identity and all your personal devices. Individual and family plans NEW! McAfee + Ultimate Our most comprehensive privacy, identity and device protection with $2M ID theft coverage. Protection for your devices with identity monitoring and VPN Device Protection Mobile Security Free Tools & Downloads Device Security Scan Other Services Features Keep Me Private Online VPN (Virtual Private Network) Safeguard My Identity Password Manager Protect My Devices Web Protection Protect My Family About Us Our Company Investors Our Efforts Public Policy Join Us Resources Stay Updated Prevent Spam and Phishing Learn More What is Identity Theft? Press & News Support Help Contact Us Activation Choose Region Sign in ASIA PACIFIC Australia - English New Zealand - English Singapore - English Malaysia - English Philippines - English India - English 대한민국 - 한국어 香港特別行政區 - 繁體中文 EUROPE Česká Republika - Čeština Danmark - Dansk Suomi - Suomi France - Français Deutschland - Deutsch Ελλάδα - Ελληνικά Ireland - English Magyarország - Magyar Italia - Italiano Nederland - Nederlands Norge - Bokmål Polska - Polski Portugal - Português Россия - Русский España - Español Sverige - Svenska Suisse - Français Schweiz - Deutsch Türkiye - Türkçe العربية - العربية United Kingdom - English LATIN AMERICA Argentina - Español Brasil - Português Chile - Español Colombia - Español México - Español Perú - Español NORTH AMERICA United States - English Canada - English Canada - Français This site in other countries/regions: ASIA PACIFIC EUROPE LATIN AMERICA NORTH AMERICA NEW! $2M identity theft coverage and setup assistance with McAfee+ Ultimate. ​ NEW Introducing Live your best life —in private Introducing our most thorough privacy, identity, and device protection - McAfee+ Ultimate. Now includes $2M identity theft protection and live expert assistance to set up your service! Why choose a Family Plan New! Personalized protection​Protect up to 6 members​Protection ScoreKeep your kids safe online Personalized protection​ Protection that’s perfect for everyone in the family Each family member is unique, requiring their own identity and privacy protection. That’s why McAfee+ Family plans include personalized protection for each member of the family. Each parent, child, or grandparent can set up and manage their own protection for their identity, privacy, computers, and phones. So everyone in your family can enjoy life online safely (and you can rest easy). Protect up to 6 members​ Family security for privacy, identity, and ID theft Protection Score Protection Score keeps everyone safer Keep your kids safe online Protection for your kids’ connected lives Help provide the supervision kids need to stay safe, even when you can't be next to them. Help protect them from inappropriate content and unsafe people online. Manage screen time and see their locations. Browse confidently knowing everyone in the family will be alerted to dangerous websites and links. Introducing McAfee+ Ultimate our most comprehensive privacy, identity, and device protection plan We’ll alert you to credit activity on all three major credit bureaus to stay on top of unauthorized activity.​ Get your privacy and identity protection set up quickly and easily with a live session with one of our experts. We'll help you to remove your personal info from websites that collect and sell it. We'll monitor the dark web for breaches involving your personal info and notify you if it's found.​ Delete and remove your personal info from unused online accounts with a single click. $2M identity theft and stolen funds coverage that includes $25K as part of your coverage in case of ransomware.Select a perfect plan to fit your online life Up to $4M ID theft coverage with a family plan NEW Full-service Online Account Cleanup NEW McAfee Assist - Protection Setup NEW 401(k) & Investment account transaction monitoring NEW 3-bureau credit monitoring Daily credit score Credit lock Up to $50K ransomware coverage with a family plan Full-service Personal Data Cleanup NEW Bank & credit card transaction monitoring NEW Security freeze Antivirus for unlimited devices* Unlimited VPN Individual Protection Score Tracker remover Parental controls with a family plan Lost wallet protection Password manager File shredder Web protection Advanced firewall Expert online support NEW McAfee+ Ultimate Family Get peace of mind with protection for each member of the family - up to 6 people /yr* NEW McAfee+ Ultimate Individual Our ultimate privacy, identity, and device protection for one individual /yr* *Introductory pricing for new customers. First year price on yearly subscription. See offer details. Everything you need for privacy, identity, and device protection IDENTITY PROTECTION Credit score and report updated daily Stay on top of changes to your credit reports and scores, all accessible from a single location. We’ll alert you to credit activity which could be a sign of identity theft or fraud. McAfee+ Ultimate includes monitoring, credit scores, and reports from the three main bureaus , Equifax, Experian, and TransUnion.​ PEACE OF MIND $2M ID theft and $25K ransomware coverage Get up to $2M identity theft coverage for expenses in restoring your identity - including coverage for losses to your 401(k) accounts. If you become a victim of ransomware, you’re covered for losses up to $25K, as part of your $2M coverage. IDENTITY PROTECTION Credit lock and security freeze​ Lock or freeze your credit file to prevent unauthorized access and help stop new accounts from being opened in your name. You can also freeze your bank and utility accounts. IDENTITY PROTECTION Identity theft restoration​ Licensed identity restoration experts are available 24/7 to help repair your identity and credit if you ever need it, including assistance to help prevent or assist with identity fraud of a deceased family member.​ IDENTITY PROTECTION Identity monitoring Our always-on identity monitoring alerts you up to 10 months earlier than similar services if your information is found on the dark web. TAKE CHARGE OF YOUR PRIVACY Personal Data Cleanup We'll regularly scan data broker sites for info like your home address, date of birth, and names of relatives. We’ll let you know which sites are selling your data and automatically request removal on an ongoing basis, so you can feel more confident that your privacy is protected from identity thieves, hackers, and spammers. INDUSTRY-FIRST McAfee Protection Score™​ Check the health of your online protection and get simple steps to improve your security .Knowing how safe you are is the first step toward a safer life online.​ AWARD-WINNING Security for all your personal devices Rest easy knowing your devices and personal info are protected from the latest threats with award-winning antivirus protection for all your compatible Windows, macOS, iOS, and Android devices​. Now protecting Chromebooks! ​ PRIVACY AND SECURITY PROTECTION Secure VPN​ VPN that automatically connects on public Wi-Fi for a secure online connection to ensure your personal info and online activity remains private, safe, and anonymous. ONLINE ACCOUNT CLEANUP Remove your personal info from unused accounts with a single click FAQs These answers might help. Maximum identity, privacy, and device protection for you and your family to confidently live life online, with comprehensive identity monitoring, credit monitoring for all three bureaus, credit freeze and lock, $2M identity theft coverage, $25K ransomware coverage (as part of your identity theft coverage) plus full-service data removal to help to stop the sale of your personal info on data broker sites. Our family plan comes with parental controls to protect your children online and help them build good digital habits. Both plans offer all-in-one online protection in a single, simple solution that protects your family’s personal data and privacy. However, McAfee+ Ultimate offers our maximum privacy and identity protection with comprehensive identity and credit monitoring for all three bureaus as well as credit lock. McAfee+ Ultimate is compatible with laptops, desktops, tablets, and mobile devices. You can find operating system compatibility on our System Requirements page. When you open McAfee+ Ultimate for the first time after installing, you’ll be greeted by a guided tour that will help you run scans and discover all your protection capabilities. Setting up family protection is simple. Just enter an email address or mobile phone number for each person you want to invite. Your family member will get a message to log in along with steps to set up protection for their computers, phones, web browsing, and passwords. They’ll also have their own identity monitoring to receive alerts when their personal data is found on the dark web. Two adults can also set up credit monitoring, find their personal info on data broker sites to remove it, and clean up personal info from old online accounts. Each family member will have their own notifications and log in where they can check their Protection Score along with recommended steps to improve their score and overall online safety. Parental controls provides you with the ability to supervise and keep your kids safer online. When you sign up for a family plan, you’ll receive easy instructions to get set up with the parental controls app. See what your kids are up to: View your kid’s device activity and location at a glance from your phone or desktop.Set rules and time limits: Start off with age-based rules for apps and websites that you can customize based on your kid’s needs.Know where your kids are: Locate them on a live map and receive automated notifications when they enter or leave familiar places like a school or the library.Family requests: Collaborate with your kids by allowing them to request extra app time or access blocked apps or websites. view device activity easily from your phone or desktopset app and website rules and time limitslocate your kids on a live map and receive automated notifications when they enter or leave familiar placescollaborate with your kids by allowing them to request extra app time or access blocked apps or websites. * Important Terms and Offer Details: +Subscription, Free Trial, Pricing and Automatic Renewal Terms: −Subscription, Free Trial, Pricing and Automatic Renewal Terms: The amount you are charged upon purchase is the price of the first term of your subscription. The length of your first term depends on your purchase selection. 30 days before your first term is expired, your subscription will be automatically renewed on an annual basis and you will be charged the renewal subscription price in effect at the time of your renewal, until you cancel (Vermont residents must opt-in to auto-renewal.) Unless otherwise stated, if a savings amount is shown, it describes the difference between the introductory first term price (available only to customers without an existing McAfee subscription) and the renewal subscription price (e.g., first term price vs. each year thereafter). Pricing is subject to change. If the renewal price changes, we will notify you in advance so you always know what’s going on. You can cancel your subscription or change your auto-renewal settings any time after purchase from your My Account page.To learn more, click here . You will be provided a full refund upon request, by contacting Customer Support within 30 days of your initial purchase or 60 days of auto-renewal. Your subscription is subject to our License Agreement and Privacy Notice . Subscriptions covering "all" devices are limited to supported devices that you own. Product features may be added, changed or removed during the subscription term. Not all features may be available on all devices. See System Requirements for additional information. Free Trial Terms: At the end of your trial period you will be charged $39.99 for the first term. After the first term, you will be automatically renewed at the renewal price (currently $109.99/yr). We will charge you 7-days before renewal. You can cancel at any time before you are charged. ​ Unlimited plans cover only household devices that you own for personal, non-commercial use, and is subject to our fair use policy. If you have an issue adding a device, please contact Customer Support . +**Free Benefits With Auto-Renewal: −**Free Benefits With Auto-Renewal: For many qualifying product subscriptions McAfee offers additional benefits for free when you are enrolled in auto-renewal. You can check your eligibility for these benefits in your My Account page. Not all benefits are offered in all locations or for all product subscriptions. System Requirements apply. Turning off auto-renewal terminates your eligibility for these additional benefits. Virus Protection Pledge (VPP): If we cannot remove a virus from your supported device we’ll refund you the amount you paid for your current term subscription. The refund does not apply to any damage or loss caused by a virus. You are responsible for backing up your data to prevent data loss. See terms here: mcafee.com/pledge . +Additional Terms Specific to Identity Monitoring Service: −Additional Terms Specific to Identity Monitoring Service: Eligibility: McAfee® Identity Monitoring Service Essentials is available within active McAfee+ Premium, McAfee+ Advanced, McAfee+ Ultimate, McAfee Total Protection and McAfee LiveSafe subscriptions. Not all identity monitoring elements are available in all countries. See License Agreement for more information. Your subscription is subject to our License Agreement and Privacy Notice. Product features may be added, changed or removed during the subscription term. Some features may require registration and a valid ID number to activate. See System Requirements for additional information. While McAfee Identity Monitoring Service provides you tools and resources to protect yourself from identity theft, no identity can be completely secure. US Only: Fair Credit Reporting Act: You have numerous rights under the FCRA, including the right to dispute inaccurate information in your credit report(s). Consumer reporting agencies are required to investigate and respond to your dispute, but are not obligated to change or remove accurate information that is reported in compliance with applicable law. While this plan can provide you assistance in filing a dispute, the FCRA allows you to file a dispute for free with a consumer reporting agency without the assistance of a third party. Identity theft coverage is not available in New York due to regulatory requirements. +TechMate : −TechMate : Your TechMate license(s) is available with the purchase of a qualified TechMaster Concierge subscription and is accessible for the duration of your paid subscription.TechMate is only available for Windows Vista, 7, 8.1, and 10. +TechMaster Single Incident Services : −TechMaster Single Incident Services : Purchase of a single incident service, such as Device Set Up or Advanced Troubleshooting, is good for one issue. In the event the issue recurs within 7 days, there will be no additional charge for service on the same device for the same issue.See our System Requirements for information on qualified devices. Corporate Headquarters 6220 America Center Drive San Jose, CA 95002 USA Products McAfee+ McAfee Total Protection McAfee Antivirus McAfee Safe Connect McAfee PC Optimizer McAfee TechMaster McAfee Mobile Security Resources Antivirus Free Downloads Parental Controls Malware Firewall Blogs Activate Retail Card McAfee Labs McAfee Enterprise Support Customer Service FAQs Renewals Support Community About About McAfee Careers Contact Us Newsroom Investors Legal Terms Your Privacy Choices System Requirements Sitemap United States / English Copyright © 2023 McAfee, LLCAll-In-One Protection Recommended McAfee+ Products Worry-free protection for your privacy, identity and all your personal devices. Individual and family plans McAfee+ Ultimate Our most comprehensive privacy, identity and device protection with $1M ID theft coverage. Protection for your devices with identity monitoring and VPN Device Protection Free Tools & Downloads Other Services Keep Me Private Online Safeguard My Identity Protect My Devices Protect My Family Our Company Our Efforts Join Us Stay Updated Learn More Press & News Recommended All-In-One Protection NEW! McAfee + Products Worry-free protection for your privacy, identity and all your personal devices. Individual and family plans NEW! McAfee + Ultimate Our most comprehensive privacy, identity and device protection with $1M ID theft coverage. Protection for your devices with identity monitoring and VPN Device Protection Free Tools & Downloads Other Services Keep Me Private Online Safeguard My Identity Protect My Devices Protect My Family Our Company Our Efforts Join Us Stay Updated Learn More Press & News Help Activation Help Activation Sharing What is ATM Skimming? Sharing Quick Links Ever hear of a crime called skimming? It may not be as dramatic a crime as assault or Ponzi schemes, but it can cause significant problems to you as your savings account can be wiped out in a flash. Picture a scrawny nerd tampering with an automated teller machine (ATM)—the machine you use with your debit card to get cash. The thief places a device over the slot through which you slide your debit card. You have no idea it’s there. You swipe your card, and the device “skims” or reads your card’s information. In the middle of the night, the thief creeps back, removes the skimming device, downloads your data, burns it to a blank ATM card, makes a fat withdrawal and goes home with the loot. Or they could download your information from the skimmer and then use your information to make online purchases or access your account. Either way, they could clean you out before you wake up next morning! Now, to be successful, the criminal not only needs a skimming device, they also need to attach a tiny wireless camera to capture your PIN. These cameras are usually concealed in the lighting fixture above the keypad, in a brochure near the machine, or attached directly to the ATM. To protect yourself from being skimmed, and generally staying safe when using your debit or credit cards, follow these tips: Scrutinize the ATM. This means every ATM, even ones from your bank. You also want to check any of the card sliders like ones at gas stations, etc, especially if you’re using your debit card. If the scanner does not match the color and style of the machine, it might be a skimmer. You should also “shake” the card scanner to see if it feels like there’s something attached to the card reader on the ATM. Cover the keypad when entering your PIN. In order to access your bank accounts, thieves need to have your card number and your PIN. By covering the keypad, you prevent cameras and onlookers from seeing your PIN. Check your bank and credit card statements often. If someone does get your information, you have 60 days to report any fraudulent charges to your credit card company in order not to be charged. For a debit card, you only have about 2 days to report any suspicious activity. Be choosy. Don’t use general ATMs at bars or restaurants. These are not usually monitored and therefore, can be easily tampered with by anyone. Stay safe from skimming! Quick Links Ready to try McAfee+? Next-level confidence with identity and privacy protection. Advice from our security experts - just for you Why Does My Phone Get Hot? Heavy usage is the first culprit when a phone overheats. After all, we use our smartphones 24/7. But what if... Dec 19, 2022 9 min read How To Use And Find The Best Malware Removal Tool There are many viruses and malware lurking on the Internet. These threats are constantly evolving as well. The bottom line... Dec 19, 2022 7 min read How To Prevent Ransomware Attacks: An Essential Guide The Internet has changed the world by giving unlimited access to information and global connections. The government, educational institutions, and... Dec 16, 2022 10 min read What Is Spyware? Spyware is a program that logs your activity. You may encounter several types of spyware that can harm your performance... Dec 16, 2022 7 min read What is a Safe Browser? A safe browser is a web browser with extra security measures that help prevent unauthorized third-party activity while you're surfing...Dec 16, 2022 3 min read Virtual Private Networks (VPNs) for phones You may have heard that using a VPN is a great way to protect your data and devices, especially when... Dec 16, 2022 3 min read plus plus Subscription, Free Trial, Pricing and Automatic Renewal Terms: The amount you are charged upon purchase is the price of the first term of your subscription. The length of your first term depends on your purchase selection. Once your first term is expired, your subscription will be automatically renewed on an annual basis and you will be charged the renewal subscription price in effect at the time of your renewal, until you cancel (Vermont residents must opt-in to auto-renewal.)Unless otherwise stated, if a savings amount is shown, it describes the difference between the introductory first term price (available only to customers without an existing McAfee subscription) and the renewal subscription price (e.g., first term price vs. each year thereafter). Pricing is subject to change. If the renewal price changes, we will notify you in advance so you always know what’s going on.You can cancel your subscription or change your auto-renewal settings any time after purchase from your My Account page. To learn more, click here . You may request a refund by contacting Customer Support within 30 days of initial purchase or within 60 days of automatic renewal (for 1 year terms or longer).Your subscription is subject to our License Agreement and Privacy Notice . Subscriptions covering “all” devices are limited to supported devices that you own. Product features may be added, changed or removed during the subscription term. Not all features may be available on all devices. See System Requirements for additional information. Free Trial Terms: At the end of your trial period you will be charged $39.99 for the first term. After the first term, you will be automatically renewed at the renewal price (currently $109.99/yr). We will charge you 7-days before renewal. You can cancel at any time before you are charged. ​ plus plus **Free Benefits With Auto-Renewal: For many qualifying product subscriptions McAfee offers additional benefits for free when you are enrolled in auto-renewal. You can check your eligibility for these benefits in your My Account page. Not all benefits are offered in all locations or for all product subscriptions. System Requirements apply. Turning off auto-renewal terminates your eligibility for these additional benefits. Virus Protection Pledge (VPP): If we cannot remove a virus from your supported device we’ll refund you the amount you paid for your current term subscription. The refund does not apply to any damage or loss caused by a virus. You are responsible for backing up your data to prevent data loss. See terms here: mcafee.com/pledge . Safe Connect VPN: You will receive free, unlimited access to our VPN wireless on supported devices. Users not on auto-renewal have access to 500 MB/month of bandwidth. plus plus Additional Terms Specific to Identity Monitoring Service: Eligibility: McAfee® Identity Monitoring Service Essentials is available within active McAfee Total Protection and McAfee LiveSafe subscriptions with identity monitoring for up to 10 unique emails. Phone number monitoring is enabled upon activation of Automatic Renewal. Not all identity monitoring elements are available in all countries. See Product Terms of Service for more information.Your subscription is subject to our License Agreement and Privacy Notice. Product features may be added, changed or removed during the subscription term. Some features may require registration and a valid ID number to activate. See System Requirements for additional information. While McAfee Identity Monitoring Service provides you tools and resources to protect yourself from identity theft, no identity can be completely secure.US Only: Fair Credit Reporting Act: You have numerous rights under the FCRA, including the right to dispute inaccurate information in your credit report(s). Consumer reporting agencies are required to investigate and respond to your dispute, but are not obligated to change or remove accurate information that is reported in compliance with applicable law. While this plan can provide you assistance in filing a dispute, the FCRA allows you to file a dispute for free with a consumer reporting agency without the assistance of a third party. Identity theft coverage is not available in New York due to regulatory requirements.Corporate Headquarters 6220 America Center Drive San Jose, CA 95002 USA Products McAfee+ McAfee Total Protection McAfee Antivirus McAfee Safe Connect McAfee PC Optimizer McAfee TechMaster McAfee Mobile Security Resources Antivirus Free Downloads Parental Controls Malware Firewall Blogs Activate Retail Card McAfee Labs McAfee Enterprise Support Customer Support FAQs Renewals Support Community About About McAfee Careers Contact Us Newsroom Investors Privacy & Legal Terms System Requirements Sitemap United States / English Copyright © 2023 McAfee, LLC United States / English Copyright © 2023 McAfee, LLC More…