User Privacy Information Click here to read the User Privacy Information for digital properties. ​Participation in TV programs To read the Privacy Policy relating to the broadcasting of contents and their publication on channels and digital properties, click here. Copyright © 1999-2023 RTI S.p.A. Business Digital – VAT number 03976881007 – All rights reserved – For advertising Mediamond S.p.A. – RTI S.p.A., Mediaset N.V., registered office in Amsterdam (Netherlands) – Viale Europa offices 46, 20093 Cologno Monzese (MI) - Int. vers. € 614.238.333 Press again to continue 0/1 Disclosure We and selected third parties use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, also for other purposes as specified in the cookie policy. Regarding advertising, we and Selected third parties may use precise geolocation data and actively scan device characteristics for identification purposes, to store and/or access information on a device and to process personal data such as your usage data, for following advertising purposes: personalized ads and content, evaluation of ads and content, audience observations and product development. You can freely give, refuse or revoke your consent: • by clicking on the "Accept" button, you consent to the use of all cookies , including those of third party profiling; • by clicking on "Preferences" you can freely manage your preferences, selecting the purposes and third parties; • by clicking on the "Continue without accepting" button you will find more information on how to improve your experience navigation to decide whether: - to accept all cookies, including profiling ones; - accept only strictly necessary cookies and simple interaction and functionality cookies ("including strictly necessary"), consequently refusing the installation of profiling cookies. Go back More information If you accept "all cookies", including profiling cookies, in addition to supporting our free offer, you will receive advertisements in line with your interests. If you accept only "strictly necessary" cookies, you will receive general advertising, of which the number and repetition will not be limited.