Global Privacy Policies Please visit Epsilon's Privacy Policy for more information about how we collect and process personal information. Stay Connected Select Region ©2023 Epsilon Data Management, LLC. All rights reserved. All names and logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.Consumer Privacy Rights Epsilon provides a variety of marketing services to its clients, such as personalized online and offline advertising and licensing of consumer data. Please review the Epsilon Privacy Policy for more information about how Epsilon collects, uses, discloses, and deletes consumer personal information. Please use the form below to submit your requests. Part of our verification process requires checking the cookie that has been placed on your device. You may need to turn off anti-tracking technology in your browser in order to submit your request. Consumers in Canada requesting to delete or access your personal information, please call (866) 267-3861. For US consumers who prefer not to submit your request online, please call (866) 267-3861. If you are an Epsilon employee or have applied for a role with Epsilon, please send your request to privacyofficer@publicisgroupe.com . If you are an agent submitting a request on behalf of a US citizen, Epsilon requires proof of signed written authorization from the consumer to you, the agent. Consumer Privacy Request Form Country Stay Connected Select Region ©2023 Epsilon Data Management, LLC. All rights reserved. All names and logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.Brands need our data, tech and privacy expertise. And we need you. When you’re one of us, you’re part of an industry-leading company that gives you the opportunity to work on projects for the world’s biggest brands. Find your place here at Epsilon. See open jobs See how Epsilon helped Coach strengthen customer connections Work with a proven email partner Epsilon is a Leader with the highest possible score in Innovation Roadmap criterion in The Forrester Wave™: Email Marketing Service Providers, Q1 2022. See the report Epsilon named a Leader Epsilon is a Leader with the Top Score in the Current Offering category in The Forrester Wave™: Loyalty Solutions, Q2 2021. See the report Recognized as a data and tech powerhouse Epsilon was named an industry leader in Customer Data Strategy and Activation Services by Forrester. See the report MRC-accredited partner Epsilon Digital Media Solutions is the first solution to receive an accreditation from the MRC for impressions and correlated outcomes. Learn more about Digital Media Solutions INSIGHTS See our Insights for the latest news and industry trends The state of retail media in 2023 We partnered with Phronesis Partners to conduct the largest global retail media survey of brands and retailers to date. Read now Choose the right ad tech partner: 5 signs you might be settling for 'good enough' In this Adweek-hosted webinar recording, Epsilon and Visionworks talk about digital advertising challenges and finding the right partner. Watch Now Clean room and CDP: What's the difference and why might you need both? Both are integral tools when executing your first-party data strategy—but what makes them unique? Read Now See more insights Start the Conversation Stay Connected Select Region Let's Connect For business inquiries please fill out the contact form or call 1 800 309 0505 . If you have questions regarding U.S. consumer data privacy, click here . Contact Epsilon P.O. Box 1478Broomfield, CO 80038Attn: Privacy(866) 267-3861 privacy@epsilon.com Thank you! First Name Required Last Name Required Phone (Optional) Required Work Email Required Country Required Role Required Department Required Company Required Business Type Required Industry Required Area of Interest (Optional) Required Questions or Comments (Optional) Required How Many Pennies Equal a Dollar? I agree to receiving marketing communications from Epsilon and its affiliates, and agree to the processing of my personal data in accordance with and as described in the Privacy Policy . You may withdraw your consent at any time. For more details see our Privacy Policy or update your Preferences . Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Targeting These files are added to our website by our advertising partners. They may be used by these companies to create a profile of your interests and to display ads tailored to your interests and behaviour, including on other websites. They work by uniquely identifying your browser and device. If you do not allow these files to be placed/accessed, you will be shown ads not tailored to your profile. Performance These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelProducts & ServicesEpsilon PeopleCloudDigital Media SolutionsData PlatformsInsightsTrendsAbout us Privacy at Epsilon Epsilon, formerly also known as Conversant, is an advertising company. We are part of the Publicis Groupe, headquartered in France, but with operations around the world. Our advertising services help businesses find consumers and keep the internet free. The below Privacy Policies described how we process personal data as part of our operations in the EU and the United Kingdom. Please visit our Services Privacy Policy if you want to learn more about the personal data we collect and use when providing our digital advertising services to our clients. It includes information about what type of personal data we process to provide consumers with personalised advertising and better digital browsing experience. This is also the policy to visit if you clicked on a link in a consent interface (CMP) and want to learn more. Please visit our Website & Business-to-Business Privacy Policy if you want to learn more about the personal data we collect from our website and how we process personal data about our business-to-business contacts. Stay Connected Select Region ©2023 Epsilon Data Management, LLC. All rights reserved. All names and logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.