Spotify Cookie Policy Effective as of 29 May 2023 This policy describes how Spotify uses cookies. From now on, we'll call it the 'Policy'. The purpose of this Policy is to provide you, a user of Spotify's services and/or websites (we'll collectively call these the 'Services'), with clear information about the purposes for which Spotify uses cookies and the choices you have when it comes to managing your cookie settings. 1. What are cookies? Cookies are small pieces of text which are downloaded to your device, for example, when you visit a website. Cookies are useful because they allow Spotify and our partners to uniquely recognise your device and support the continuity of your experience, for example by helping us to understand your preferences or past actions. You can find more general information about cookies at: www.allaboutcookies.org . 2. How do we use cookies? Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improving your user experience. They can also help to ensure that ads you see online are more relevant to you and your interests. Spotify uses two main categories of cookie: (1) strictly necessary cookies; and (2) optional cookies: These cookies are set by Spotify or a third party on our behalf, and are essential to enable you to use the features of our Services, such as technically delivering content, setting your privacy preferences, logging in, making payments or filling in forms. Without these cookies, our Services cannot be provided so you cannot decline them. Optional cookies may be 'first party cookies' or 'third party cookies'. First party cookies set directly by Spotify or by a third party at our request. Third party cookies are set directly by a third party or set by Spotify at the request of a third party, such as our analytics or advertising service providers. You can see a list of these partners at this link . Spotify, or our partners, use optional cookies in the following ways: Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are essential in order to enable you to use the features of our Services, such as technically delivering content, setting your privacy preferences, logging in, making payments or filling in forms. Without these cookies, our Services cannot be provided so you cannot decline them. Performance Cookies These cookies collect information about how visitors use our Services. For example, these cookies allow us to count visits to our website and to understand how visitors found the website.Web analytics that use cookies to gather data to enhance the performance of a website fall into this category. For example, they may be used for testing designs and ensuring a consistent look and feel is maintained for the user. We may also obtain information from our email newsletters or other communications we send to you, including whether you opened or forwarded a newsletter or clicked on any of its content. This information tells us about our newsletters' effectiveness and helps us ensure that we're delivering information that you find interesting.This category does not include cookies used for behavioural/interest-based targeted advertising networks. Functional These cookies allow our Services to remember choices you make such as your user name, language or the region you are in and provide enhanced, more personal features and content. For example, these cookies can be used to remember changes you have made to parts of web pages that you can customise.These cookies remember choices you make to improve your experience. If you do not allow these cookies then some of the choices you have made on previous visits to our Services will not be saved. Targeting or advertising Cookies These cookies collect information about your browsing habits in order to deliver advertisements more relevant to you and to understand your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertisements Spotify shares. These cookies log that you have visited a website and this information may be shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Additionally, Spotify may share limited data with other platforms to market Spotify promotions, features, or new releases on those other platforms. If you do not allow these cookies you will still experience advertising but it will be less tailored to you. 3. Options for managing cookies and interest-based ads Web Browser Settings You can use your web browser settings to accept, refuse and delete cookies. To do this, follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the 'Help', 'Tools' or 'Edit' settings). Please note that if you set your browser to refuse cookies, you may not be able to use all the features of the Spotify website. To find out more information, you can visit www.allaboutcookies.org .Mobile Identifiers On your mobile device, your operating system may provide you with additional options to opt out of interest based advertising or to otherwise reset your mobile identifiers. For example, you may use the 'Allow Apps to Request to Track' setting (on iOS devices) or the 'Opt out of Interest-Based Ads' setting (on Android devices). These settings allow you to limit the use of information about your use of apps for purposes of serving ads tailored to your interests. Interest-Based Advertising You may opt-out of receiving interest-based advertisements by turning off the 'Tailored ads' toggle, located in the Privacy Settings page of your Spotify Account. If you opt-out of receiving interest-based ads using the Tailored ads toggle, Spotify will not share your information with third party advertising partners or use information received by them to show you interest-based ads. You may still receive ads when using the Services based on your Spotify registration information and your real-time usage of Spotify, but the ads may be less relevant to you. Certain tailored advertisements that we, or a service provider acting on our behalf, display to you may include the 'Ad Choices' icon or another mechanism to opt out of receiving interest-based advertisements. You may click on the AdChoices icon or visit www.aboutads.info to: learn more about the collection and use of information about your online activities for interest based advertising; oropt out of having your data used for interest based advertising by Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) participating companies. 4. Updates to this Policy We may occasionally make changes to this Policy. When we make material changes to this Policy, we'll provide you with prominent notice as appropriate under the circumstances. For example, we may display a prominent notice within the Spotify Services or send you an email or device notification. 5. How to contact us Thank you for reading this Policy. If you have any questions about this Cookie Policy, please contact our Data Protection Officer by using the Customer Support contact form details on the Privacy Center or by writing to us at the following address: Spotify USA Inc. 4 World Trade Center, 150 Greenwich Street, 62nd Floor, New York, NY, 10007 USA © Spotify USA Inc. Spotify Company Communities Useful links © 2023 Spotify AB Tailored Advertising Opt-out Manage Consent Preferences Enable Tailored Advertising Enable Tailored Advertising First Party Targeting CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies may be used to deliver targeted advertisements and to build a profile of your interests. If you do not allow these cookies you will still experience advertising but it will be less tailored to you. Other Cookies used on this site Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the service to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the service will not then work. First Party Functional Cookies These cookies enable us to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. First Party Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our services. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the platform. If you do not allow these cookies we will not be able to monitor the performance of our services. Info Access & Storage Cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes presented to you. Content Selection, Delivery, and Reporting These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Back Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy Policy Community Guidelines Contact Us If you have general questions about Megaphone’s policies or terms, please email contact-megaphone@spotify.com. Privacy Policy Effective Date: January 1, 2023 Megaphone, a service offered by Spotify (“ Megaphone ,” “ we ,” or “ us ”). Megaphone is committed to treating the personal data we process with respect and sensitivity. We want to transparently explain how and why we gather, store, share and use your personal data - as well as outline the controls and choices you have around when and how you choose to share your personal data. This Privacy Policy (“ Policy ”) aims to explain what we mean in further detail below. 1. About this Policy This Policy sets out the essential details relating to our collection, use, and disclosure of personal data you use the website, Publisher Platform, Advertiser Services, and any other products and services that link to this Policy (collectively, the " Services "). In this policy we describe our personal data processing activities for the following types of data subjects: Publishers (“ Publishers ”) who use our publisher-facing product (the “ Publisher Platform ”) that helps publishers of podcasts monetize their podcasts by inserting ads into the podcasts hosted by Megaphone. Advertisers (“ Advertisers ”) who use our advertiser-facing services (the “ Advertiser Services ”) to help reach targeted audiences (“ Advertiser Dashboard ”).Listeners (“ Listeners ”) of podcasts hosted by Megaphone, whether they are listening on Spotify or other third party audio streaming services. From time to time, we may develop new or offer additional services. Unless stated otherwise when we introduce these new or additional services, they will be subject to this Policy. This policy is not… the Megaphone Terms of Service or Community Guidelines, which are separate documents.About your use of other services offered by Podsights affiliates which have their own privacy policy, such as the Spotify service, Anchor, Megaphone, Soundtrap, and Spotify Live. If you are a Listener, depending on the service on which you listen to podcasts (e.g., Spotify or another service), that service’s privacy policies may apply to you in addition to this Policy, which may contain additional disclosures and rights. 2. Your Personal Data Rights and Controls Rights As provided by applicable privacy laws, you may have certain rights as individuals in relation to their personal data. As available and except as limited under applicable law, the rights afforded to individuals are: It’s your right to... Be informed Be informed of the personal data we process about you and how we process it. Access Request access to the personal data we process about you. Rectification Request that we amend or update your personal data where it’s inaccurate or incomplete. Erasure Request that we erase certain personal data about you. For example, you can ask us to erase personal data: that we no longer need for the purpose it was collected for that we process based on the legal basis of consent, and you withdraw your consent when you make a justified objection (see section ‘Object’ below) There are situations where we are unable to delete your data, for example when: it’s still necessary to process the data for the purpose we collected it for Megaphone’s interest in using the data overrides your interest in having it deleted Megaphone has a legal obligation to keep the data, or Megaphone needs the data to establish, exercise or defend legal claims Restriction Request that we stop processing all or some of your personal data. You can do this if: your personal data is inaccurate our processing is unlawful we do not need your information for a specific purpose, or you object to our processing and we are assessing your objection request. See section ‘Object’ below You can request that we stop this processing temporarily or permanently. Object Object to us processing your personal data. You can do this if Spotify is processing your personal data on the legal basis of legitimate interests. Data portability Request a copy of your personal data in electronic format and the right to transmit that personal data for use in another party’s service. You can request us to transmit your data when we are processing your personal data on the legal basis of consent or performance of contract. However Spotify will try to honour any request to the extent possible. Not be subject to automated decision making Request a manual review of a decision based solely on automated decision making (decisions without human involvement), including profiling, where the decision would have a legal effect on you or produce a similarly significant effect. We currently do not use automated decision-making. Withdrawal of consent Withdraw your consent to us collecting or using your personal data.You can do this if Spotify is processing your personal data on the legal basis of consent. Right to lodge a complaint Contact your local data protection authority about any questions or concerns. You can request to access, remove or update the personal data that you have provided to us in your application by contacting us (see section 12 “Contact Us”). We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access the information (or to exercise any of your other rights). We may decline requests to exercise these rights where we are unable to authenticate you as the person to whom the data relates. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights. You may designate, in writing or through a power of attorney, an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf to exercise your rights. Before accepting such a request from an agent, we will require the agent to provide proof you have authorized it to act on your behalf, and we may need you to verify your identity directly with us. If your request is denied you may have the right to appeal the denial in accordance with the instructions provided to you when the denial was made. CCPA rights request metrics Between January 1 and December 31, 2021, we have not received any verifiable requests for access or deletion of data that we are the controllers of. No Sales or Sensitive Data We do not sell personal data and have taken substantial steps to identify and remediate any data sharing arrangements that could constitute us "selling" to third parties under the CCPA following our acquisition by Spotify. We also do not process any data that is sensitive or special category data as defined by applicable law. 3. Personal Data We Collect About You If you are a Publisher , the following tables below describe the categories of personal data we collect about you and how we collect it. Data you choose to provide to us: Categories of Personal Data Categories under CCPA Description of Category Publisher Account Data Identifiers This is the personal data that is provided by you to enable Megaphone’s customer support team to sign you up for a publisher account with us, including first and last name and email address. Additional users of a publisher account may be added by providing the personal data of intended new users, including their first and last name and email address. Additionally, once a publisher account is established your time zone is automatically (which you are free to change) so that we can adjust the reporting on performance of your content to the local (or your preferred) timezone. Publisher Inquiry Data Identifiers; and other information you share. This is personal data that you provide when filling out and submitting our Publisher inquiry form . Survey Data Identifiers; and other information you share. This is personal data that you provide when participating in surveys. Data we collect through your use of the Publisher Platform : Categories of Personal Data Categories under CCPA Description of Category Publisher Usage Data Internet or other electronic network activity information This is the personal data that is collected about you when you’re accessing and/or using the Publisher Platform, including: Technical Data - Information that your browser automatically sends whenever you use our platform. Technical Data includes your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, user agent, and interactions with the platform, such as pages visited, times spent on pages, and actions performed on pages. Cookie Data - Information from cookies stored on your device. Please see the “Cookies” section below to learn more about how we use cookies. Publisher Payment and Purchase Data Commercial information We collect your billing information when you execute a contract with us for our services, and our payment processor collects your credit card information when you purchase our services with a credit card. If you are an Advertiser , the following tables below describe the categories of personal data we collect about you and how we collect it. Data you choose to provide to us: Categories of Personal Data Categories under CCPA Description of Category Advertiser Account Data Identifiers This is the personal data that is provided by you through submission of an insertion order when you purchase services from us or you are enabled to use our services after speaking with us. The personal data includes, first and last name, phone number and email address. This also includes personal data you provide when establishing an account for the Advertiser Dashboard, including your name and email address. If you are an Advertiser that works with an Advertising Agency that uses the Advertiser Dashboard, the Advertising Agency may provide your data to the platform to keep track of the campaigns they are working on for you.Advertiser Inquiry Data Identifiers; and other information you share. This is personal data that you provide when filling out and submitting our Advertiser inquiry form . Survey Data Identifiers; and other information you share. This is personal data that you provide when participating in surveys. Data we collect through your use of the Advertiser Services : Categories of Personal Data Description of Category Advertiser Usage Data Internet or other electronic network activity information This is the personal data that is collected about you when you’re accessing and/or using the Advertiser Platform, including: Technical Data - Information that your browser automatically sends whenever you use our platform. Technical Data includes your IP address, user agent, and interactions with the platform, such as pages visited. Cookie Data - Information from cookies stored on your device. Please see the “Cookies” section below to learn more about how we use cookies. Advertiser Payment and Purchase Data Commercial information Our payment processors collect your payment information such as your name, billing address, and payment method and/or credit card information when you purchase our services. If you are a Listener , the following tables below describe the categories of personal data we collect about you and how we collect it. Data we collect related to your listening of podcasts: Categories of Personal Data Categories under CPRA Description of Category Listener Data Internet or other electronic network activity information When a listener plays a podcast hosted by Megaphone, we collect your IP address and user agent. When a listener plays a podcast not hosted by Megaphone but the podcast publisher wants to use Megaphone’s services, they provide us with your IP address and user agent. Inference Data Inferences We obtain from Nielsen inferences drawn about your interests and preferences based on your online and offline activities. If you do not wish for Nielsen to provide us with your personal data, please see the section “Opt-Outs” below. 4. Purposes of Processing If you are a Publisher or Advertiser , when you use or interact with our platforms and services, we use a variety of technologies to process the personal data we collect about you for various reasons. If you are a Listener , when you listen to a podcast hosted by Megaphone, we process the personal data we collect about you to provide you a more personalized ad experience. We have set out in the table below the reasons why we process your personal data, the associated legal bases we rely upon to legally permit us to process your personal data, and the categories of personal data (identified in Section 3) used for these purposes: Description of why we process your personal data (“processing purpose”) Legal basis for processing purpose Categories of personal data used for the processing purpose To provide and personalize the Services. Performance of a contract Publisher Account Data Publisher Usage Data Advertiser Account Data Advertiser Usage Data To understand, diagnose, troubleshoot, and fix issues with the Service. Performance of a contract Publisher Account Data Publisher Inquiry Data Publisher Usage Data Advertiser Account Data Advertiser Inquiry Data Advertiser Usage Data To evaluate and develop new features, technologies, and improvements to the Service. Legitimate interest Publisher Account Data Publisher Inquiry Data Publisher Usage Data Advertiser Account Data Advertiser Inquiry Data Advertiser Usage Data Survey Data For marketing, promotion, and advertising purposes (to our customers). Legitimate interest Publisher Account Data Publisher Inquiry Data Advertiser Account Data Advertiser Inquiry Data For marketing, promotion, and advertising purposes (to personalize Listener experience on their streaming services). Legitimate interest Listener Data Inference Data Survey Data To comply with legal obligations and law enforcement. Compliance with legal obligations Legitimate interest Publisher Account Data Publisher Inquiry Data Publisher Usage Data Publisher Payment and Purchase Data Advertiser Account Data Advertiser Inquiry Data Advertiser Usage Data Advertiser Payment and Purchase data Listener Data Inference Data Survey Data To fulfill contractual obligations with third parties. Legitimate interest Publisher Payment and Purchase Data Advertiser Payment and Purchase data Listener Data Inference Data To establish, exercise, or defend legal claims. Legitimate interest Publisher Account Data Publisher Inquiry Data Publisher Usage Data Publisher Payment and Purchase Data Advertiser Account Data Advertiser Inquiry Data Advertiser Usage Data Advertiser Payment and Purchase data Listener Data Inference Data Survey Data To conduct business planning, reporting, and forecasting.Legitimate interest Publisher Inquiry Data Publisher Payment and Purchase Data Advertiser Inquiry Data Advertiser Payment and Purchase data To process your payment. Performance of a Contract Publisher Payment and Purchase Data Advertiser Payment and Purchase data To detect fraud, including fraudulent payments and fraudulent use of the Services. Legitimate Interest Publisher Account Data Publisher Inquiry Data Publisher Usage Data Publisher Payment and Purchase Data Advertiser Account Data Advertiser Inquiry Data Advertiser Usage Data Advertiser Payment and Purchase data Listener Data To conduct research and surveys. Legitimate Interest Listener Data Survey Data 5. Sharing of Information With respect to personal data we are controllers of, we may share or disclose the data under the following circumstances, or as otherwise described in this Policy: Within the Spotify group of companies, including companies that Spotify acquires. To carry out our daily business operations and so we can maintain, improve and provide the Spotify Service and acquired companies’ services to you. Service Providers. We may share your information with our agents and service providers that perform certain functions or services on our behalf, such as to host our Services, manage databases, facilitate payment or send communications for us. We have direct relationships with certain advertising, marketing and analytics services (including some of our measurement partners) who also are our service providers that help us collect and analyze personal data. Content providers. We may share your information with content providers for activities such as listenership and content analysis, but only in a pseudonymised format. In connection with a transfer of assets. If we sell all or part of our business, or make a sale or transfer of assets, or are otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, or in the event of bankruptcy, we may transfer your personal data to one or more third parties as part of that transaction; To comply with legal requirements. We will share your personal data when we in good faith believe it is necessary for us to do so in order to comply with a legal obligation under applicable law, or respond to a valid legal process, such as a search warrant, a court order, or a subpoena. We also will also share your personal data where we in good faith believe that it is necessary for the purpose of our own, or a third party’s legitimate interest relating to national security, law enforcement, litigation, criminal investigation, protecting the safety of any person, or to prevent death or imminent bodily harm, provided that we deem that such interest is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms requiring the protection of your personal data. Other parties with your consent. We may share information about you with third parties when you consent to such sharing. 6. Cookies We or our third party partners may store some information on your device or device hard drive as a "cookie" or similar type of file (such as clear gifs, web beacons, tags, and similar technologies that work on mobile devices) to collect data related to usage of these services and for the purpose of facilitating and enhancing your communication and interaction with the Website. We use the following types of cookies on the Publisher Platform and Advertiser Dashboard: Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it (such as Google Analytics).Functionality cookies. These are used to recognize you when you return to our website (such as cookies dropped by Intercom). We currently do not directly collect personal data about Listeners through cookies. 7. Opt-Outs. Opting out of cookies. If you want to stop or restrict the placement of cookies or flush any cookies that may already be on your computer or device, please refer to and adjust your web browser preferences. Further information on cookies is available at www.allaboutcookies.org. By deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas or features of our service or some of its functionality may be affected. Opting out of targeted advertising via Nielsen. We use data we receive from Nielsen to facilitate tailored advertising within your podcast listening experience. If you want Nielsen to stop providing us with your information, please use Nielsen’s opt-out function . Please note that Nielsen’s opt-out function does not opt you out of tailored advertising entirely - it works independently and is unique to each browser on your devices and each IP address that you use to access podcasts.For instance, if you opt out of tailored advertising on your iPad at home but not on your iPhone at home, you may still receive tailored advertising while listening to podcasts on your iPhone. Relatedly, if you opt out on your iPad at home but then listen to podcasts from a different location, you may still receive tailored ads. Once you opt out, Nielsen will stop providing us with your data. It can take up to 30 days for our database to update your selection, during which you may still receive tailored advertising. Promotional Communications . If you are a Publisher or Advertiser who has opted into receiving newsletters from us (which may include updates about new or improved products and features), you may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us by following the instructions in those messages or by contacting us at any time. If you opt out from promotional communications, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations. 8. Data Security We are committed to protecting the personal data in our systems. We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to help protect the security of personal data; however, please note that no system is ever completely secure. We have implemented various policies including pseudonymisation, encryption, access, and retention policies to guard against unauthorized access and unnecessary retention of personal data in our systems. If you are a Publisher or Advertiser and have an account with us, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account password and for any access to or use of your account using your password, whether or not authorized by you. Please notify us immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security. 9. Data Retention and Deletion We keep your personal data only as long as necessary to provide you with the Spotify Service and for Spotify’s legitimate and essential business purposes, such as: maintaining the performance of the Spotify Servicemaking data-driven business decisions about new features and offeringscomplying with our legal obligationsresolving disputes When determining the retention period, we take into account various criteria, such as the type of information, the nature and length of our relationship with you, the impact on such relationship if data is deleted, mandatory retention periods provided by law or statute of limitations. 10. International Transfers Because of the global nature of our business, Spotify shares personal data internationally with Spotify group companies, subcontractors and partners when carrying out the activities described in this Policy. They may process your data in countries whose data protection laws are not considered to be as strong as EU laws or the laws which apply where you live. For example, they may not give you the same rights over your data. Whenever we transfer personal data internationally, we use tools to: make sure the data transfer complies with applicable lawhelp to give your data the same level of protection as it has in the EU and the laws which apply where you live 11. Changes to this Policy We may change this Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in case of material changes, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review the Policy whenever you access the Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you. 12. Contact Us Thank you for reading our Policy. If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing contact-megaphone@spotify.com or by writing to your relevant data controller at the address below. If you reside within the U.S., the Spotify data controller can be reached at: Spotify USA Inc. 150 Greenwich St. New York, NY 10007 USA If you reside outside the U.S., the Spotify data controller can be reached at: Spotify AB Regeringsgatan 19 111 53 Stockholm Sweden Community Guidelines We value our community who use the Megaphone Platform, as well as those who enjoy the content made available via the Megaphone Platform. We developed rules for use of the Megaphone Platform to help us foster and protect the community we have worked so hard to build and grow since 2015. By using the Megaphone Platform, you agree to abide by the Spotify Platform Rules (“ Platform Rules ”), in addition to the terms and conditions of your Agreement. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Agreement.The Platform Rules contain important information about our expectations of you while using the Megaphone Platform and apply to all content made available through the Megaphone Platform, including but not limited to podcasts, show pages, artwork and episode descriptions. Please take the time to carefully read through the Platform Rules. Violation of the Platform Rules may result in removal of any content you’ve made available to the Megaphone Platform or otherwise to Spotify in connection with your use of the Megaphone Platform, and/or termination or suspension of your Megaphone Platform account(s). Reporting content made available via the Megaphone Platform Please follow the appropriate process below to notify Spotify of an alleged copyright infringement or other violation relating to content made available via the Megaphone Platform. Please note, your statements may subject you to legal consequences. You may wish to consult an attorney before submitting a claim. Copyright Infringement Spotify respects intellectual property rights and expects its users to do the same. If you are a copyright holder, or its agent, and you believe that any of the copyrighted material made available via the Megaphone Platform infringes your copyrighted work, please let us know. If the Megaphone Platform content you want to report is available on Spotify, please use this web form to submit a notice of claimed infringement. You may alternatively notify Spotify’s designated copyright agent via the information available in the Spotify Copyright Policy . If the Megaphone Platform content you want to report is NOT available on Spotify, you may email us at infringement-claim-megaphone@spotify.com . You may alternatively contact us at the following address: Spotify C/O Megaphone 150 Greenwich Street New York, NY 10007 Please include as much detail as possible to allow us to identify the facts or circumstances, including, where possible: A physical or electronic signature of the owner (or person authorized to act on behalf of the owner) of the copyright that is allegedly infringed;Specific identification of each copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed;A description of where the material believed to be infringing is located on the Megaphone Platform (please be as detailed as possible and provide a URL to help us locate the material you are reporting);Contact information for the complaining party, such as a complete name, address, telephone number, and email address; A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the work(s) in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; andA statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and that the complaining party is the owner of the right that is allegedly infringed, or agent for the owner. Spotify may pass your name and email address to the allegedly infringing party, and retain your information as long as required for legal purposes. We should also let you know that Spotify has a policy to terminate in appropriate circumstances the accounts of repeat infringers. Other Violations Did you find content made available via the Megaphone Platform that you believe otherwise violates the Platform Rules? Please let us know by emailing: support-megaphone@spotify.com . Let’s stay in touch Get the latest news and resources from Megaphone Please send me news and offers from Megaphone. Subscribe Company AboutCareersContact Support Help CenterFAQPress Inquiries © 2023 Spotify AB Tailored Advertising Opt-out Manage Consent Preferences Enable Tailored Advertising Enable Tailored Advertising First Party Targeting CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies may be used to deliver targeted advertisements and to build a profile of your interests. If you do not allow these cookies you will still experience advertising but it will be less tailored to you. Other Cookies used on this site Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the service to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the service will not then work. First Party Functional Cookies These cookies enable us to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. First Party Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our services. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the platform. If you do not allow these cookies we will not be able to monitor the performance of our services.Info Access & Storage Cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes presented to you. Content Selection, Delivery, and Reporting These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Back Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPlatformToolsLearnResultsPricingUSA Get in touch Log in Publish Publish easily, be heard everywhere. Monetize Earn more from your content, including your back catalog. Grow Increase your reach, expand your audience. Industry InsightsPodcaster ResourcesProduct NewsPress ReleasesAbout USA Deutschland Get in touch Put the best tech available behind your content Publish Publish easily, be heard everywhere. Monetize Earn more from your content, including your back catalog. Grow Increase your reach, expand your audience. Choose a category to learn more Industry InsightsPodcaster ResourcesProduct NewsPress ReleasesAbout Drive Increased Advertiser Demand with Spotify Ad Analytics Product news The Future of Podcasting with Spotify Industry insights Real stories from real customers Reach new audiences with embeddable player Building a successful network on Megaphone Reduce error rate with bulk editing Frequently asked questions Questions? We can help. Megaphone customers span the globe and the podcasting universe. So if you have questions, we probably know the answer. And if you don’t see what you’re looking for here, just reach out. Contact support How will Megaphone use my publisher data? If I join Megaphone, does Megaphone own my content? Will the Spotify Audience Network compete against my direct sales efforts?How do I know whether Megaphone or Spotify for Podcasters is a better hosting platform for me?What if I’m on another platform? How can I make the switch? What if I have multiple shows or am part of a network? What if I’m unsure about which plan is best for me? How can I get a custom quote? I’m having problems accessing my account - who can help? Join the 700+ publishers using Megaphone Full-service, non-automated Expert support from real humans Get support from the same in-house Megaphone team that handles onboarding, so they’ll already know your configuration and process. Never outsourced When you need support, you’ll always get it from our in-house team. Help Center A searchable database full of solutions and resources. In-app and email support Live support from real humans, 4am-9pm, M-F (ET). 24/7 enterprise support On-call enterprise support for priority 1 issues outside of normal business hours. Let’s stay in touch Get the latest news and resources from Megaphone Please send me news and offers from Megaphone. Subscribe Company AboutCareersContact Support Help CenterFAQPress Inquiries © 2023 Spotify AB Tailored Advertising Opt-out Manage Consent Preferences Enable Tailored Advertising Enable Tailored Advertising First Party Targeting CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies may be used to deliver targeted advertisements and to build a profile of your interests. If you do not allow these cookies you will still experience advertising but it will be less tailored to you. Other Cookies used on this site Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the service to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the service will not then work. First Party Functional Cookies These cookies enable us to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. First Party Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our services. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the platform. If you do not allow these cookies we will not be able to monitor the performance of our services. Info Access & Storage Cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes presented to you. Content Selection, Delivery, and Reporting These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Back Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelSpotify Menu Legal MASTER TERMS AND CONDITIONS These Master Terms and Conditions are entered into between you (" Customer " or " You ") and Spotify (" Spotify ", " we ", " us ", or " our "). Spotify means: (a) if You are an entity organized under or otherwise subject to the laws of the United States of America: Spotify USA Inc., a Delaware Corporation with offices at 4 World Trade Center, 150 Greenwich Street, 62nd Floor, New York, New York 10007; or (b) if You are an entity organized under or otherwise subject to the laws of any country outside of the United States of America: Spotify AB, of Regeringsgatan 19, 111 53 Stockholm, Sweden, with registered number 556703-7495), and are effective as of the date that Customer accepts the Agreement (the " Effective Date "). These Master Terms and Conditions were last updated on January 1, 2023. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein will be as defined below in Section 1 (" Definitions "). TABLE OF CONTENTS 1.1 " Ad " means any commercial message or other content that promotes goods and/or services. 1.2 "Affiliate" of a party means a legal entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with such party. 1.3 "Agreement" means the contract formed between You and Spotify when You use the Service or place an order, the terms and conditions of which are comprised of, collectively: these Master Terms and Conditions (including the Platform Policies) and any and all Order Forms (as applicable). 1.4 "Feedback" means any feedback, ideas or suggestions in connection with the Services that You provide to Spotify. 1.5 "Filled" means that an Ad is actually delivered, as determined by Spotify. 1.6 "Malicious Code" means code, files, scripts, agents or programs intended to do harm, including, logic, viruses, worms, time bombs and Trojan horses. 1.7 " Megaphone Platform" is Spotify's proprietary platform of servers, software and related technology furnished to You under this Agreement, which provides You with the ability to: (1) utilize our content management system and associated technology to create or host podcasts for distribution to podcasting applications; (2) insert Ads into podcast episode content including via the Spotify Audience Network; and (3) access analytics, measurement and reporting related to performance of podcasts and related Ads, links to and promotion of podcasts. 1.8 "Megaphone Website " means megaphone.spotify.com, or any successor version thereof. 1.9"Order Form" means an ordering document specifying the Services to be provided, any additional terms and conditions applicable to a Service, and the fees paid by Customer to Spotify for the Services provided hereunder, and that is entered into between You and Spotify or any of our Affiliates. All Order Forms will be governed by and subject to these Master Terms and Conditions. 1.10 "Platform Policies" means, collectively, the policies applicable to the Megaphone Platform, including the following policies listed on the Megaphone Website: Community Guidelines and Privacy Policies. 1.11 " Podcast" or " podcast " means a digital file containing primarily talk content that is received or accessed on demand, which may be distributed by digital download, streaming or RSS feed, TAXI feed or other similar technology, which allows end users to receive the digital file(s). 1.12 "Received" means that an Ad request has been received by Spotify's designated ad server, as determined by Spotify. For the avoidance of doubt, to the extent Customer and Spotify's ad server do not properly connect, such that Spotify cannot effectively serve Ads (regardless of whether those impressions are counted and/or measured by Spotify), such impressions shall not be considered "Received." 1.13 "Service(s)" means the products and services that You order under an Order Form or that You otherwise access or use via the Megaphone Platform. 1.14 "Service Fees" means amounts owed by Customer to Spotify pursuant to Customer's Order Form. Service Fees include, but are not limited to, Megaphone Platform subscription and overage fees. 1.15 "Spotify IP" will be as defined in Section 5.2, together with any and all upgrades, improvements, alterations or modifications based on or to any of the foregoing. 1.16 "Your Content" means any and all Podcasts, metadata, audio files, video files, attachments, text, images, advertising creative and other content that You upload, submit or make available to the Megaphone Platform (including via a link connected to your account) or otherwise to Spotify in connection with your use of the Megaphone Platform (including, without limitation, any data that You provide or make available with respect to content not hosted on the Megaphone Platform, in order for You to receive the Services).When You register to use the Megaphone Platform, Spotify will provide tools to authenticate use of your account, which may include, but are not limited to, username, password and third party authentication services provided by Google. You must ensure that the contact information that You provide is, and remains, valid throughout the Term (as defined below). You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your username and password, and You will remain responsible for all use of your username and password, and all activity emanating from your account, whether or not such activity was authorized by You. Spotify will collect and process certain personal data pertaining to You (including those of end users) when You create an account within the Megaphone Platform and use the Services. Please read through the Privacy Policy before using the Services. 3.1 Term. Reference Order Form, if applicable, for information on the term of this Agreement (" Term "). 3.2 Termination. Either party may terminate this Agreement (including any Order Form) immediately if the other party breaches any material provision and fails to cure its breach within thirty (30) days after receiving the other party's written notice by email identifying the breach. In addition, Spotify may discontinue or suspend your access to the Megaphone Platform and any Service immediately if any of the following occurs: (a) You fail to make a payment for 30 days following notice of its due date; (b) You have (or Spotify reasonably suspects that You have) breached or misappropriated or infringed Spotify's intellectual property or proprietary rights in the Megaphone Platform as determined by Spotify in its sole discretion; (c) You have (or Spotify reasonably suspects that You have) violated Section 4.2 (Prohibited Uses; Restrictions on Your Use of Data) or the Platform Policies; and/or (d) Spotify believes, as determined in its sole discretion, that your acts or omissions hereunder could cause material detriment to its brand and/or pose significant legal or reputational risk to Spotify. Spotify will restore access to the Megaphone Platform only after such violation(s) has been cured (if the violation is capable of cure, as determined at the sole discretion of Spotify). 3.3 Regulatory Requirements. If a regulatory body, or a court of competent jurisdiction, issues a rule, regulation, law or order that has the effect of materially increasing the cost for Spotify to provide access to the Megaphone Platform or canceling, changing, or superseding any material term or provision of this Agreement (collectively " Regulatory Requirements "), this Agreement shall be deemed modified in such a way as Spotify determines in its sole discretion is necessary in order to comply with such Regulatory Requirement(s). Should You object to any of those modifications, You may terminate this Agreement upon written notice to Spotify within thirty (30) days from the date that the Regulatory Requirements are effective. 3.4 Effects of Termination; Surviving Provisions. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason: all rights and obligations of the parties will cease, except that the following provisions of this Agreement (together with any outstanding payment obligations owed to Spotify) will survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement: this Section 3.4 (Effects of Termination; Surviving Provisions); Section 4.2 (Prohibited Uses; Restrictions on Your Use of Data); Section 4.4 (Payment Terms); Section 4.5 (Taxes); Section 5 (Ownership and Proprietary Rights); Section 6.2 (Data Use); Section 6.4 (Linked Services); Section 7 (Representations and Warranties; Disclaimer); Section 8 (Indemnification); Section 10 (Confidentiality); and Section 11 (General). Notwithstanding any provision of a surviving provision, You will have no further right to access or use the Megaphone Platform except that if You terminate the Agreement for Spotify's uncured breach pursuant to Section 3.2, You will be entitled to a pro rata refund of any prepaid, unused subscription fees (as defined in the applicable Order Form), as applicable. In addition, termination of the Agreement will not affect the rights of any listeners who downloaded Your Content prior to termination. Following cancellation, termination or expiration of this Agreement, we may make Your Content available to You for export or download for no more than thirty (30) days. After such 30-day period, we will have no obligation to maintain or provide any of Your Content. It is your responsibility to redirect Your Content to different feeds; provided, however, that Spotify will not help redirect Your Content to different feeds upon any such cancellation, termination or expiration of the Agreement (or sooner if agreed by Spotify, as applicable) unless and until all outstanding invoices/payments have been paid to Spotify under this Agreement.Subject to your compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, payment of the fees set forth in the Order Form, Spotify grants You limited, personal, non-exclusive, revocable and non-transferable permission to use the features and functionality of the Megaphone Platform during the Term, solely for your internal business purposes. 4.1 APIs. Spotify may, in its sole discretion, make certain application programming interfaces (APIs), API access tokens, HTML scripts, prefixes, data import tools, or other software available to You as part of the Megaphone Platform (collectively, " Megaphone APIs "). In such event, Spotify grants You non-exclusive, revocable and non-transferable permission, during the Term, to use the Megaphone APIs solely to access and use the Megaphone Platform in accordance with this Agreement. 4.2 Prohibited Uses; Restrictions on Your Use of Data. You will not: (a) sell, rent, sublicense or lease any part of the Megaphone Platform to any third party; (b) take any actions to artificially alter the download or streaming numbers of the Podcasts as measured by the Megaphone Platform; (c) interfere with the Megaphone Platform or disrupt any other user's access to the Megaphone Platform; (d) reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble, modify, or create derivative works based on the Megaphone Platform, the Spotify IP, or any part thereof; (e) submit to the Megaphone Platform any content or data that contains mass mailings or any form of "spam"; (f) interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Megaphone Platform, including the submission of any Malicious Code to the Megaphone Platform; (g) use any robot, spider, data scraping, extraction tool or similar mechanism with respect to the Megaphone Platform; or (h) access the Services for any competitive purposes. 4.3 Spotify Audience Network. If You opt in to participate in the Spotify Audience Network, You acknowledge and agree that Spotify shall have the right to sell Ads and to place such Ads within Your Content in accordance with the additional terms agreed between You and Spotify. 4.4 Payment Terms. All invoices are payable by Customer to Spotify net thirty (30) days from the invoice date. All Service Fee amounts are in U.S. Dollars. Past due amounts shall bear a late payment charge, until paid, at the rate of 1.5% per month or the maximum amount permitted by law, whichever is higher. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, all Service Fees paid hereunder are non-refundable. Unless otherwise directed by Spotify to pay via credit card, Customer shall send payments to the payment address specified in the Agreement (or a successor address of which Spotify notifies Customer) or, via electronic funds transfer, using the account and routing information provided by Spotify. To the extent Spotify requires payment via credit card for any Service(s), Customer hereby authorizes Spotify to charge such credit card on a recurring, monthly basis for amounts due. Customer agrees to maintain its credit card in an active status, and/or provide updated credit card and billing information to Spotify to allow for the recurring, monthly payments. Customer agrees to pay for all charges for Services if charges made to Customer's credit card are unsuccessful for any reason. All applicable fees and any additional payment terms for the Services provided under this Agreement will be as set forth on the corresponding Order Form. Unless otherwise expressly set forth in an Order Form to the contrary, Spotify designated measurements shall always control over any third party reporting statistics for reporting impressions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, some advertisers may require Spotify to track and bill impression delivery using third party tags. In the event of any discrepancy between such third party reporting and the internal calculations by Customer, Spotify may rely on such third party tags to calculate the revenue to be paid by advertisers under the Spotify Audience Network program. For the purposes of clarity, in the event that the Spotify Audience Network is obligated to bill advertisers in accordance with third party delivery numbers, the corresponding publishing partner (i.e. Customer) may be paid out based on that metric as well. If Spotify detects any invalid activity, including but not limited to any erroneous or artificial impressions or other artificial activity using any bot, script or other automated or manual means (" Invalid Impressions "), Spotify has the right to (1) terminate or suspend Customer's account; (2) withhold payment for any such Invalid Impressions, and/or (3) collect amounts previously paid to Customer associated with such Invalid Impressions (the " Clawback Amounts ") via a deduction from future amounts owed by Spotify to Customer or via collection mechanisms it deems appropriate.Customer will pay any reasonable costs and expenses Spotify incurs in collecting payment of the Clawback Amounts. Spotify may delay payment while investigating invalid activity. If Spotify's investigation ascertains that there is no breach, then Spotify will resume payment. Further, to the extent Spotify does not deem an impression to be either "Filled" or "Received," as applicable, Spotify shall not owe any associated payment to Customer for such impression(s). Spotify reserves the right upon request (email to suffice) to require that Customer provide a credit card for Spotify to retain for the purpose of charging any outstanding fees). 4.5 Taxes. Unless stated otherwise, the amounts that the parties must pay under this Agreement are exclusive of VAT, GST, HST, sales taxes or other similar taxes, duties, charges or assessments (" Indirect Taxes "). Spotify reserves the right to collect any Indirect Taxes that may become due in accordance with applicable law in connection with use of the Megaphone Platform. For purposes of providing Spotify an invoice, Customer agrees to allow "self billing" such that Spotify (or its agent) may create an invoice on Customer's behalf. Spotify's payment of an invoice will not later prevent Spotify from disputing the invoiced amounts pursuant to any rights herein. Spotify may recoup any amounts due to Spotify from Customer by withholding such amounts from any Fees otherwise due under this Agreement and providing notice thereof. In the event that Customer's bank or financial institution charges or assesses a fee for the receipt of payments from Spotify (or its authorized payment provider) then, as between Spotify and Customer, such fee shall be Customer's responsibility. Where required by the law of a jurisdiction, each party will provide the other with a valid VAT registration number and if requested, a declaration as to VAT registration status. If any circumstance beyond the control of the parties changes, or the VAT registration number provided by a party is, or becomes, invalid during the period of this Agreement, the parties will cooperate to credit and issue new invoices consistent with any VAT requirements as required by the law of the relevant jurisdiction. Spotify will not pay to Customer any amount on account of any interest or penalties associated with the underpayment of any VAT by Customer. Each party will fulfill its obligations relating to Indirect Taxes including any obligation to pay Indirect Tax where payable. The Parties will use their best efforts to ensure the correct Indirect Tax outcomes. Customer will provide all information requested by Spotify from time to time to ensure the proper tax reporting and treatment of payments contemplated herein. Each Party shall be solely responsible for the payment and reporting of all taxes applicable to its own income and activities in each jurisdiction where applicable. Spotify assumes no liability or responsibility for any tax obligations and related compliance and filings arising on the Customer as a result of this Agreement or otherwise. Spotify reserves the right to deduct and withhold tax from any payment made under or in connection with this Agreement and shall pay the Customer on the amount due after the deduction or withholding, if required by law based on Spotify's judgment. If deductions or withholdings of tax have been made, Spotify shall pay the withheld tax to the appropriate tax authority and provide copies of receipts for such withholding tax to Customer. Customer is obliged to provide evidence of any tax treaty entitlement that, in Spotify's judgment, satisfies the requirements of the applicable law, as necessary to claim exemption from or reduction of withholding tax. All payments made by Spotify under or in connection with this Agreement will only be remitted to bank accounts within the country of residence of the payee. Digital service taxes (" DST "), or other similar gross based taxes on advertising services, will be added on top of agreed amounts for all jurisdictions where DSTs are enacted. 5.1 Your Content. As between You and Spotify, You own and/or control Your Content. Spotify does not claim any ownership rights to nor any responsibility over Your Content. You acknowledge and agree that Your Content remains solely your responsibility. In addition to, and without limiting the conditions set forth in Section 4, You must not upload, store, distribute, send, transmit, display, perform, make available, continue to make available or otherwise communicate to the public any of Your Content to which You do not hold the necessary rights.Any unauthorized use of copyright protected material within Your Content (including by way of reproduction, distribution, modification, adaptation, public display, public performance, making available or otherwise communicating to the public via the Megaphone Platform), independent of whether it is or becomes unauthorized, may constitute an infringement of third party rights and is strictly prohibited. 5.2 Spotify IP. Spotify retains all right, title and interest (including, but not limited to, all intellectual property and proprietary rights therein) in and to: (a) the Services, including the Megaphone Platform and the technology and software used to provide it; the Megaphone APIs; the Spotify Audience Network; and any and all technology used to produce, store and/or distribute, as applicable, the Podcasts and the Ads, as well as any and all related trademarks, logos, service marks (e.g., Megaphone and Spotify) (collectively, " Marks "); and (b) all data, information and other content (excluding Your Content) contained in or derived from the Megaphone Platform ((a) and (b) collectively, " Spotify IP "). Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, Spotify shall have the right to use or disclose the Spotify IP, at its sole discretion. In addition, except for your limited rights to access and use the Megaphone Platform as expressly set forth in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement licenses or conveys any right to the Spotify IP to anyone, including You. 5.3 Feedback. You acknowledge that the Feedback is not confidential and You authorize Spotify to use that Feedback without restriction and without payment to You. 5.4 Privacy. The parties acknowledge and agree that Spotify receives certain personal data (such as IP addresses) from the listeners when they play Your Content on a streaming service (e.g., Spotify, Apple Podcast, etc.) or other playback client that enable playback of Your Content (e.g., websites that embedded an RSS feed). The data Spotify may provide to Customer with respect to the distribution of Your Content via the Megaphone Platform is considered pseudonymized under GDPR, in such circumstances, this Independent Controller DPA shall apply. To the extent Customer uses the podcast analytics services (including the promotional attribution and audience insight tools) currently known as Chartable, this Processor / Service Provider DPA shall apply. To the extent Customer enables an independent third party measurement partner for the purpose of measuring ads, Customer will ensure that such measurement partner: (a) uses data received from Spotify for the sole purpose of providing measurement and attribution reporting to Customer; and (b) does not, directly or indirectly, sell, share, or process for purposes of targeted advertising, any data received from Spotify. The terms "sell", "share" and "targeted advertising" used in this paragraph shall have the meaning set forth in applicable privacy laws, such as the CCPA. 6.1 Your Content. By making Your Content available to the Megaphone Platform, and entering into this Agreement, You hereby grant Spotify the worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free right (including the right to sublicense) to: (a) use, copy, reproduce, transmit, modify, publicly perform, display publicly, promote, market, distribute, and otherwise make Your Content available to end users and third parties including via download and streaming; and (b) to use Your Content for analytics, platform monitoring, advertiser studies (e.g., brand lift studies), development and improvement. 6.2 Data Use. Unless otherwise set forth in an Order Form, You acknowledge and agree that Spotify will be entitled to use data contained in or derived from Your Content and your usage of the Service both during and beyond the term of your Agreement for performance of the Services, analytics, platform monitoring, and product improvement, provided that Spotify will not identify You externally in connection with such data usage. Additionally, You acknowledge and agree that Spotify may receive certain personal data (e.g. IP addresses, device IDs, etc.) from listeners when they play Your Content on a streaming service (e.g. Spotify) or other playback client that enables playback of podcast content (e.g. websites that embed an RSS feed) (collectively, " Listener Data "). As between the parties, all such Listener Data will be owned by Spotify. 6.3 Third Party Service Providers.In addition to, and without limiting the generality of the licenses in Sections 6.1 and 6.2, Spotify may also distribute, use and/or provide Your Content and certain associated data (including, but not limited to, IP addresses and user agents): to Spotify's service providers who act on Spotify's behalf in providing the Megaphone Platform and/or the Services (e.g., third party hosting providers, analytics providers, credit card processors, transcription services, etc.), as well as to additional third parties chosen by Spotify that are used to provide various additional other value-added services which may be offered by Spotify from time to time in connection with the Services provided under this Agreement. Third party processing of credit card payment data will be subject to such third party processor's privacy policy. Some Services may also be provided or fulfilled by Spotify's Affiliates. 6.4 Linked Services You acknowledge that the foregoing licenses in this section will extend to operators and users of any other websites, applications and/or platforms to which Your Content has been shared or embedded by Spotify including, but not limited to, third party platforms and/or services where Podcasts and related content are made available (collectively, " Linked Services "). The licenses granted in this section are granted separately with respect to each item of Your Content. Licenses with respect to Your Content, and any images or text within your account, will (subject to Section 3) terminate automatically when You remove such Content from your account. Removal of files in Your Content from your account will result in the deletion of the relevant files from Spotify's systems and servers. However, You acknowledge that once Your Content is distributed to a Linked Service, Spotify is not obligated to ensure the deletion of Your Content from any servers or systems operated by the operators of any Linked Service, or to require that any user of Spotify or any Linked Service deletes any item of Your Content. In addition, listeners who have downloaded Your Content prior to termination will be able to keep such copies. 7.1 General. Each party represents and warrants that it has the necessary authority to enter into this Agreement and grant the rights as set forth herein, and that it will use reasonable care applicable to its performance of its obligations under this Agreement. Additionally, You represent and warrant that: (a) You have obtained and possess all licenses, rights, consents and permissions necessary to make Your Content available to the Megaphone Platform and to grant Spotify the rights and licenses set forth in this Agreement for Spotify's use of Your Content as contemplated in this Agreement, including, but not limited to, all of the music used in Your Content; (b) all rights, licenses, consents, waivers, clearances, or approvals necessary required from any collecting society (including but not limited to collecting societies such as STIM, MCPS, PRS, PPL and VPL) or any other party necessary in order for Spotify to lawfully exercise and enjoy its rights granted under this Agreement (including, without limitation, all necessary music (e.g., with respect to all sound recordings, audio-visual master licenses and consents, etc.), synchronization, mechanical transfer and performing rights clearances) have been or will be obtained and paid for and shall be maintained during the Term by You; (c) neither Spotify nor any Linked Service will need to obtain licenses from any third party or pay royalties to any third party whatsoever (including, but not limited to, any unions, artists, or performing rights societies (e.g., ASCAP, BMI, SESAC, etc.)) for use of Your Content as contemplated under this Agreement; (d) Your Content does not and will not infringe upon any third party's rights, including any intellectual property rights (including any copyright, trademark, patent, or privacy rights, or any other proprietary rights); (e) You will comply at all times with this Agreement (including, but not limited to, the requirements set forth in the Platform Policies) and all applicable laws and regulations; and (f) any materials made available to the Megaphone Platform including, without limitation, Your Content, does not contain anything that is defamatory, libelous, or that violates any confidentiality obligations You have with a third party. 7.2 Disclaimer. Spotify reserves the right to modify the Megaphone Platform from time to time during the Term at Spotify's sole discretion. You acknowledge and agree that the form and nature of the Megaphone Platform that Spotify provides may change from time to time without prior notice to you, including without limitation security patches, added functionality, and other enhancements.In some instances, enhancements, updates, upgrades, and new additions to the Megaphone Platform may involve incremental fees, determined at Spotify's sole discretion, and shall be subject to authorization from You which may be provided by email, click-through agreement and/or continued use of the Megaphone Platform. You acknowledge that You are responsible for backing up Your Content and that Spotify will not have any liability to You for any loss of any of Your Content whatsoever. In addition, You acknowledge that, as an internet-delivered software application, the Megaphone Platform may experience periods of downtime, including but not limited to scheduled maintenance, and third-party service outages. Spotify has no obligation to screen or monitor any content and does not guarantee that any content available via the Megaphone Platform complies with this Agreement. You therefore use the Megaphone Platform at your own risk. ACCORDINGLY, EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, SPOTIFY PROVIDES THE MEGAPHONE PLATFORM ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS; AND SPOTIFY MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE MEGAPHONE PLATFORM, INCLUDING ITS DOCUMENTATION, THE MEGAPHONE PLATFORM SOFTWARE AND THE MEGAPHONE APIs, OR ANY DATA OR CONTENT MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE MEGAPHONE PLATFORM (EVEN IF LINKED TO FROM THE MEGAPHONE PLATFORM) INCLUDING ANY ADS THAT ARE DELIVERED THROUGH A SERVICE. SPOTIFY SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, ACCURACY AND ANY OTHER WARRANTY THAT MIGHT ARISE UNDER ANY LAW. SPOTIFY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE MEGAPHONE PLATFORM WILL BE ERROR-FREE OR OPERATE WITHOUT INTERRUPTIONS OR DOWNTIME. 7.3 Liability Limitation; Damages Exclusion. EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR VIOLATION OF SECTION 4.2; BREACH OF YOUR CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 10, OR YOUR INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 8 (COLLECTIVELY, THE " EXCLUDED DAMAGES "), (A) NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH ANY CLAIM OF ANY NATURE ARISING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST REVENUES OR PROFITS, OR LOSS OF GOODWILL OR REPUTATION), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN GIVEN ADVANCE NOTICE OF SUCH POSSIBLE DAMAGES, AND (B) EACH PARTY'S TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL CLAIMS OF ANY NATURE ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT EXCEED THE FEES ACTUALLY PAID TO SPOTIFY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT DURING THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, nothing in this section or this Agreement shall be construed to exclude or limit any liability of either party which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law (such as for death or personal injury caused by negligence or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation). You will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Spotify and its Affiliates, and each of our and their respective directors, officers, shareholders, employees, agents, suppliers, partners, contractors, third-party licensors and representatives from and against all actions, damages, claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, that arise from or relate to: (a) your activities on the Megaphone Platform; (b) your violation of any law or the rights of a third party; or (c) any breach or alleged breach of any of your representations, warranties or obligations set forth in this Agreement. We will indemnify, defend, and hold harmless You from and against all third-party actions, claims, liabilities, and damages that arise from: (i) Spotify's gross negligence or willful misconduct arising out of its provision of the Megaphone Platform; and (ii) any claim that the Megaphone Platform infringes upon any third party intellectual property right. The indemnifying party's obligations under this section are contingent on the indemnified party: (x) promptly providing written notice of the claim to the indemnifying party; provided, however, that any delay in providing such notice shall not relieve the indemnifying party of any of its obligations except to the extent that the indemnifying party is actually prejudiced by such delay, (y) giving the indemnifying party sole control of the defense and settlement of the claim, and (z) providing the indemnifying party, at the indemnifying party's expense, all reasonable assistance in connection with such claim. In no event will an indemnified party be liable for any settlement that admits any fault of or imposes any monetary liability on an indemnified party without its prior written consent (such consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed).At any time during the Term, in the event that any of your Podcasts are published to a Linked Service, Customer acknowledges that such Linked Service, which may include the Spotify platform and/or the Anchor platform, may require that You agree to separate license terms, terms of use agreements and/or privacy policies as a condition of any such distribution or use of the Linked Service(s). Spotify will not be responsible in any manner whatsoever for any third party Linked Services. As used herein, the " Confidential Information " of a party (the " Disclosing Party ") means all financial, technical, or business information of the Disclosing Party that the Disclosing Party designates as confidential at the time of disclosure to the other party (" Receiving Party ") or that the Receiving Party reasonably should understand to be confidential based on the nature of the information or the circumstances surrounding its disclosure. By way of example, the Megaphone APIs, pricing for the Megaphone Platform, and information about Spotify's tool and feature upgrade pipeline are all Spotify's Confidential Information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing will be construed to limit Spotify's ability to publicly disclose information about its data and to mention its partners and shows. Except as expressly permitted in this Agreement, the Receiving Party will not disclose, duplicate, or otherwise make available any Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party to any person or entity without the Disclosing Party's prior written consent. The Receiving Party will only use the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information to perform its obligations under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information to the extent required by law, provided that the Receiving Party: (a) gives the Disclosing Party prior notice of such disclosure so as to afford the Disclosing Party a reasonable opportunity to appear, object, and obtain a protective order or other appropriate relief regarding such disclosure (if such notice is not prohibited by applicable law); (b) uses diligent efforts to limit disclosure and to obtain confidential treatment or a protective order; and (c) allows the Disclosing Party to participate in the proceeding. Confidential Information does not include any information that: (x) is or becomes generally known to the public without the Receiving Party's breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party; (y) was independently developed by the Receiving Party without the Receiving Party's breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party; or (z) is received from a third party who obtained such Confidential Information without any third party's breach of any obligation owed to the Disclosing Party. 11.1 Governing Law and Jurisdiction. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the United States (including federal arbitration law) and the State of New York, United States of America, without regard to choice or conflicts of law principles. You agree that any dispute arising from or relating to the subject matter of this Agreement or otherwise not subject to arbitration will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the Southern District of New York. 11.2 Compliance and Trade Control. Customer represents and warrants that Customer is (a) not located in, organized under the laws of, or ordinarily resident in any country or territory subject to territorial sanctions (collectively, " Sanctioned Countries "), and (b) not a person identified on, or owned for more than 50% or controlled, directly or indirectly, by or acting on behalf or at the direction of any entity identified on applicable government restricted party lists. Customer will otherwise comply with applicable sanctions restrictions in connection with the use of Spotify services. Customer agrees to comply with all applicable trade control laws, including EAR, OFAC, ITAR, the EU Dual-Use Regulation, and the UK Export Control Act 2002 & Order 2008 (collectively, " Trade Control Laws ") in Customer's use of Spotify's products or services. Specifically, Customer agrees not to – directly or indirectly – use, sell, supply, export, reexport, transfer, divert, release, or otherwise dispose of any products, software, or technology (including products derived from or based on such technology) received from Spotify under these Terms to any destination, entity, or person or for any end-use prohibited by applicable Trade Control Laws. Customer agrees to comply with anti-money laundering, anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, rules and regulations, as they may be amended and supplemented from time to time. 11.3 Relationship of the Parties. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment relationship is created as a result of this Agreement and neither party has any authority of any kind to bind the other in any respect. 11.4 Order of Precedence.With respect to the following documents, in the event of any conflict, the order of precedence shall be as follows: any Order Form(s); these Master Terms and Conditions; and the Platform Policies. 11.5 Assignment. This Agreement is personal to You, and is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by You except with our prior written consent. Spotify may assign, transfer or delegate any of our rights and obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, without your consent and without notice to You. 11.6 Force Majeure. Excluding Customer's payment obligations, neither party is liable for delay or default under this Agreement if caused by conditions beyond its reasonable control, whether or not foreseeable (e.g., technology malfunctions, outages of Internet Service; outages in third party hosted services (e.g., Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Services, or the like), or any other Force Majeure Events). " Force Majeure Events " will mean: armed conflicts, famine, floods, Acts of God, pandemics, labor strikes or shortages, governmental decree or regulation, court order, severe weather, fire, earthquake, acts of terrorism, failure of suppliers, unavailability of communications transport facilities, and breakdowns in communications transport facilities, or any other reason where failure to perform is beyond the reasonable control, and not caused by the negligence, of the non-performing party. 11.7 Modifications. We reserve the right to modify or otherwise change this Agreement (including any Platform Policies) at any time by posting the updated Agreement to our website(s) or through a notice provided through the Services, via email or by another appropriate means of electronic communication. Any such changes will not apply to any dispute between You and us arising prior to the date on which we posted the revised Agreement incorporating such changes, or otherwise notified You of such changes. Unless we say otherwise in our notice, the updated Agreement will be effective immediately, and your continued access to or use of our Services after we post the updated Agreement or provide other notice of such updated Agreement will confirm your acceptance of the changes. If You do not agree to the updated Agreement, You must stop accessing and using our Services. We also reserve the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, or suspend the Services (or any part thereof) with or without notice. We may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Services without notice or liability. You agree that we will not be liable to You or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of Services. 11.8 Publicity. Except as otherwise permitted in this Agreement, neither party will use the other party's name or trademark in any advertising, written sales promotion, press releases and/or other public communication without the other party's prior written consent (email to suffice). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Spotify shall have the right to identify Customer as a customer of the Megaphone Platform including using Customer's name, shows and trademarks in the performance of the Services, and for general marketing and promotion of the Megaphone Platform and related services. 11.9 Notices. All notices under this Agreement must be in writing and sent via internationally recognized delivery service or US mail to Spotify USA Inc. Attn: Legal Department, 4 World Trade Center, 150 Greenwich Street, Floor 62, New York, New York 10007, USA, with an electronic copy sent to legalnotice@spotify.com. You consent to receive all communications including agreements, notices, disclosures or other information from Spotify electronically by email. Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, all notices under this Agreement will be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly given when received, if personally delivered or sent by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested; when receipt is electronically confirmed, if transmitted by facsimile or email; or the day after it is sent, if sent for next day delivery by recognized overnight delivery service. 11.10 No Waiver. Spotify's failure to enforce any part of this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of our right to later enforce that or any other part of this Agreement. Waiver of compliance in any particular instance does not mean that we will waive compliance in the future. In order for any waiver of compliance with this Agreement to be binding, we must provide You with written notice of such waiver through one of our authorized representatives. 11.11 Entire Agreement. This Agreement represents the entire agreement between Spotify and You with respect to your use of the Megaphone Platform. As between Spotify and You, this Agreement expressly supersedes all prior agreements and understandings regarding the Megaphone Platform and any subject matter contained in the Agreement.Spotify Company Communities Useful links © 2023 Spotify AB Tailored Advertising Opt-out Manage Consent Preferences Enable Tailored Advertising Enable Tailored Advertising First Party Targeting CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies may be used to deliver targeted advertisements and to build a profile of your interests. If you do not allow these cookies you will still experience advertising but it will be less tailored to you. Other Cookies used on this site Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the service to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the service will not then work. First Party Functional Cookies These cookies enable us to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. First Party Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our services. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the platform. If you do not allow these cookies we will not be able to monitor the performance of our services. Info Access & Storage Cookies, device identifiers, or other information can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes presented to you. Content Selection, Delivery, and Reporting These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Back Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label