Privacy and Data Protection Your central resource for privacy and data protection documentation at Broadcom Privacy Broadcom Global Privacy Statement The Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use and disclose personal data for Broadcom’s business purposes. Data Processing and Data Transfers We provide a set of pre-executed terms to service typical customer needs for contractual arrangements around personal data processing and cross-border transfers of personal data. Cookie Policy The Cookie Policy describes our use of cookies and other similar tracking technologies on our corporate websites. Third Party List This page provides information about the various entities of the Broadcom organization as well as the third party suppliers involved in the processing of personal data for the purposes of our software products and services. Enterprise Software Products & Services Transparency Notices Transparency Notices provide privacy-related information about our software products and services to help our customers understand, assess and document the privacy impact of using these products and services in their environment. By clicking accept, you understand that we use cookies to improve your experience on our website. For more details, please see our Cookie Policy. Privacy Preference Center Your PrivacyStrictly Necessary CookiesPerformance CookiesTargeting Cookies Your Privacy When you interact with Broadcom as set forth in the Privacy Policy through visiting any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in Broadcom’s systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow Broadcom to count visits and traffic sources so Broadcom can measure and improve the performance of its site. They help Broadcom to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies Broadcom will not know when you have visited our site and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through Broadcom’s site by its advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Back Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelCookie Policy Effective Date: January 1, 2023 We use cookies and similar technologies on our website (“Site”) so that we can improve your experience for example by recognising you whenever you visit our Site, providing you personalized information, remembering your marketing and product preferences, and helping you obtain the right information. You can find out more about cookies and similar technologies, how we use them, and how to control them below. Cookies. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your web browsers for record-keeping purposes. Some cookies allow us to make it easier for you to navigate our Site and services, while others are used to enable a faster log-in process or to allow us to track your activities at our Site and service. Cookies on this Site may be delivered in a first-party (set by our website) or third-party (set by another website) context. There are two types of cookies: session and persistent cookies. Session Cookies. Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser or turn off your computer. We use session cookies to allow our systems to uniquely identify you during a session or while you logged into the Site. This allows us to process your online transactions and requests and verify your identity, after you have logged in, as you move through our Site. Persistent Cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you have closed your browser or turned off your computer. We use persistent cookies to track aggregate and statistical information about our users’ activity. Clear GIFs, pixel tags and other technologies. Clear GIFS are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer’s hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages. We may use clear GIFs (a.k.a. web beacons, web bugs or pixel tags), in connection with our Site to, among other things, track the activities of Site visitors, help us manage content, and compile statistics about Site usage. We and our third party service providers also use clear GIFs in e-mails to our customers, to help us measure e-mail response rates, identify when our e-mails are viewed, and determine whether our e-mails are forwarded. Third Party Analytics. We use third party automated devices and applications to evaluate usage of our Site. We also may use other analytic means to help us improve our services, performance, and user experiences. These applications may use cookies and other tracking technologies to provide their services to us. We do not share your personal data except on an aggregated basis with these third parties. How Do We Use Third-Party Ad Networks? We use third parties such as network advertisers to display advertisements on our Sites, to assist us in displaying advertisements on third party websites, and to evaluate the success of our advertising campaigns. This enables us and these third parties to deliver ads for products and services in which you might be interested. Third party ad network providers, advertisers, sponsors and/or traffic measurement services may use cookies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content to you. We may provide these third-party advertisers with information about your usage of our Site and our services, as well as aggregate or non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our Site and users of our service. These third party cookies and other technologies are governed by each third party’s specific privacy policy. If you are a visitor from a country where these cookies have been enabled, you may opt-out of many third-party ad networks, including those operated by members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”). Opting out of one or more NAI or DAA member networks (many of which will be the same) means that members of those networks will no longer deliver targeted content or ads to you. You may continue to receive advertisements, for example, based on the particular website that you are viewing. Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you change web browsers, your NAI or DAA opt-out may no longer be effective. For more information regarding this practice by NAI and DAA members, and your choices regarding having this information used by these companies, including how to opt-out of third-party ad networks operated by NAI and DAA members, please visit their respective websites: Network Advertising Initiative What Cookies Do We Use on Broadcom Sites? We have categorized our cookie use below. Note that some cookies are set by third parties which Broadcom does not control, so we can't ensure their cookies won't change over time.Essential Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the Site will then not work. These cookies do not store any personal data. Non-Essential Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our Site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the Site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our Site and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our Site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal data but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the Site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. How Do You Control Cookie Settings? Using The Consent Tool. The Cookie Consent Tool can be utilized to customize your cookie preferences. In order for your preferences to be taken into account on a future visit they may be stored on your terminal without the use of your user ID. The consent tool specifically controls the Non-Essential cookies set by us or a third party. You cannot disable Essential cookies, as these are necessary for the website to function. Using The Browser. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Visitors to our Site who disable cookies will be able to browse certain areas of the Site, but some features may not function. For information on how to adjust your web browser cookie settings please visit: Cookie Expiration Dates The length of time a cookie will stay on your browsing device depends on whether it is a “persistent” or “session” cookie. Session cookies will only stay on your device until you stop browsing. Persistent cookies stay on your browsing device until they expire or are deleted. Your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act/California Privacy Rights Act (“CCPA/CPRA”) For visitors to our Site from the United States of America (“US”) we have enabled Non-Essential Cookies. The sharing of Personal Information with third parties through Non-Essential Cookies qualifies as sharing of your Personal Information. You may opt-out of such sharing by using the “Do Not Share or Sell My Personal Information” option in the Cookie Consent Tool as described above. We do not sell your personal information. We only share your information as described in in our Privacy Policy . Please see our Privacy Policy for further information on how we use your Personal Information. By clicking accept, you understand that we use cookies to improve your experience on our website. For more details, please see our Cookie Policy. Privacy Preference Center Your PrivacyStrictly Necessary CookiesPerformance CookiesTargeting Cookies Your Privacy When you interact with Broadcom as set forth in the Privacy Policy through visiting any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to.The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in Broadcom’s systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow Broadcom to count visits and traffic sources so Broadcom can measure and improve the performance of its site. They help Broadcom to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies Broadcom will not know when you have visited our site and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through Broadcom’s site by its advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Back Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy Policy Effective January 1 st , 2023 Broadcom, Inc. and its global affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “Broadcom”) value your privacy. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how Broadcom collects, stores, uses, and discloses your Personal Data. This Policy is issued on behalf of Broadcom, so a reference to “we”, “us”, or “our” in this Policy is a reference to the relevant company in Broadcom that is responsible for processing your Personal Data. Additional privacy information may be provided in offer descriptions, contractual terms, supplemental privacy statements or notices provided prior to or at the time of data collection. Certain Broadcom products and services may have additional specific privacy notices. In case of conflict, such specific privacy notices shall derogate from this general policy. Please note that this Policy only governs Broadcom's collection and processing of your Personal Data in the context of your direct interactions with Broadcom as an individual Data Subject. Where you are the end-user of a Broadcom Product procured by your Organization, then your Organization's own privacy policy is applicable to your use of that Product, and Broadcom will process your Personal Data in that context pursuant to the terms of the Data Processing Agreement in place between your Organization and Broadcom. What Information Do We Collect About You and Why? We may ask you to provide us with Personal Data about yourself in order to provide services to you. If you choose not to provide Personal Data that we have asked for, it may delay or prevent us from providing services to you. “Personal Data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual (including “Personal Information” in the meaning of the California Consumer Privacy Act, “CCPA”, as defined in Subdivision (o) of the California Civil Code § 1798.140) We may collect the following different categories of Personal Data about you: personal and business identifiers and contact information such as name, job title, company name, contact, shipping and billing information, phone number, email address;internet or other electronic network activity, i.e. technical data such as domain name, browser type and operating system, web pages you view; links you click; your device’s IP address; login data e.g. username, account number, password; the length of time you visit our Site and/or use our services; the URL or the webpage that led you to our Site; performance and usage data about your use of our products and services; data you provide to us to receive technical assistance or during customer service interactions; your personal or professional interests, demographics, experience with our products and contact preferences; and commercial information, i.e. transactional data including credit card and payment data, transaction history. Personal Data may be required to determine access eligibility for certain restricted parts of our Site or services. Personal Data about you collected on-line may be combined with information provided off-line or collected from trusted third party sources. Information We Collect Directly From You or a Third Party. We collect Personal Data about you when you visit our website (“Site”), register or subscribe for our services, order our products or services, create an account on our Site, request marketing or publications to be sent to you, give us feedback on our services or our Site. We also may collect Personal Data about you from third party sources, such as someone authorized by you to act on your behalf, third party services that you use that utilize or interact with our services, or where Personal Data has been provided by you at an event. We may also collect your Personal Data from other sources as and when permitted by applicable laws, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, and social media platforms. Information We Collect Automatically, including via Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies. We may automatically collect information about your use of our Site or services through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies. We may combine this information with other information that we have collected about you such as your user name. Please see our Cookie Policy at the link below for more information. How Do We Use Your Information?We use the information collected about you as appropriate and relevant for the following commercial purposes : to register you as a new customer;to enable you to order products or services, download software updates;to provide services to you, including programs, online services and customer support;to allow you to make requests, and register for customized communications programs;to customize the content and information that we may send or display to you to administer the careers portion of the Site and process your job application;for marketing and promotional purposes; to assist us in advertising our products and services on third party websites; We use the information collected about you as appropriate and relevant for the following business purposes : to better understand how users access and use our Site, products, and services and for other research and analytical purposes, including data analysis, audits, fraud monitoring and prevention, developing new products, enhancing, improving or modifying our Site, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities;to manage our relationship with you which will include notifying you about changes to our terms or this Policy; as we determine it to be necessary and appropriate, including:under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence;to comply with legal process;to enforce our terms and conditions;to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates;to defend our legal claims; andto protect our rights, privacy, safety, security, property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others. We will only process any special categories of Personal Data (“Sensitive Personal Data”) relating to you for specific purposes outlined above or in relevant supplemental notices, because either: 1. You have given us your explicit consent to process that information; or 2. The processing is necessary to carry out our obligations under employment, social security or social protection law; 3. The processing is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or 4. You have made the information public. Legal Basis of Processing In order to collect, use and otherwise process your Personal Data for the above listed commercial and business purposes, we may rely on the following legal bases as appropriate and relevant in the specific context: Our legitimate interest in providing its websites and making the Services available to you, provided our interest is not outweighed by the risk of harm to your rights and freedoms.Your consent, where we have obtained your consent to process your Personal Data for certain activities. You may withdraw your consent at any time by using the contextual preference tools available in the communications or in the user interfaces of the products and services we provide to you. Absent those, please contact us as explained below. However, please note that your withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of any use of your Personal Data by Broadcom based on your consent prior to withdrawal. To fulfill any contractual obligations, such as where you have purchased a product or service from Broadcom. For example, we may require your contact details in order to deliver your order if you have purchased a product from us.For compliance with Broadcom’s legal obligations where applicable laws require us to process your Personal Data. If you have any questions or would like more information regarding the legal basis on which we collect your Personal Data, please review the supplemental privacy notice(s) of the products or services concerned, or contact us as explained below. Processing Of Personal Data For The Purposes Of Fraud Prevention And Network and Information Security On the basis of legitimate interest, we process Personal Data for fraud prevention and network and information security purposes. Pursuant to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), organizations have a recognized legitimate interest in collecting and processing Personal Data to the extent strictly necessary and proportionate for the purposes of preventing fraud and ensuring network and information security. According to the GDPR, network and information security means the ability of a network or of an information system to resist events, attacks or unlawful or malicious actions that could compromise the availability, authenticity, integrity and confidentiality of stored or transmitted data, or the security of the related services offered by, or accessible via those networks and systems.Both as an organization in our own right, and as a provider of payment security services and cybersecurity technologies and services, it is in our legitimate interests as well as in our customers’, to collect and process Personal Data to the extent strictly necessary and proportionate for the purposes of preventing “Fraudulent Payment Transactions” and ensuring the security of our own, and of our customers’ payment transactions and information networks and systems. This includes the development of payment transaction records and of threat intelligence resources aimed at maintaining and improving on an ongoing basis our ability to detect Fraudulent Payment Transactions, and the ability of networks and systems to resist unlawful or malicious actions and other harmful events affecting information networks and systems (“Cyber-Threats”). The Personal Data we process for the prevention of Fraudulent Payment Transactions include, without limitation: Information related to electronic means of payment and related entitlements;Information related to electronic payment transactions;Contextual signals and indicators of suspected fraud;Verification information to confirm or dispel suspected fraud; andEvidence of suspected, detected and/or confirmed fraud. The Personal Data we process for network and information security purposes include, without limitation, network traffic data related to Cyber-Threats such as: sender email addresses (e.g., of sources of SPAM);recipient email addresses (e.g., of victims of targeted email cyberattacks);reply-to email addresses (e.g., as configured by cybercriminals sending malicious email);filenames and execution paths (e.g., of malicious or otherwise harmful executable files attached to emails);URLs and associated page titles (e.g., of web pages broadcasting or hosting malicious or otherwise harmful contents); and/orIP addresses (e.g., of web servers and connected devices involved in the generation, distribution, conveyance, hosting, caching or other storage of Cyber-Threats such as malicious or otherwise harmful contents). Depending on the context in which such data is collected, it may contain Personal Data concerning you or any other data subjects. However, in such cases, we will process the data concerned only to the extent strictly necessary and proportionate to the purposes of detecting, blocking, reporting and mitigating the Fraudulent Payment Transaction or Cyber-Threat of concern to you, and to all organizations relying on our products and services to secure their payment transactions, and information networks and systems. When processing Personal Data in this context, we will only seek to identify data subjects: to the extent that it is an inherent part to the services that our customers hire us to perform for them, and as such it is strictly indispensable to the prevention of the fraud and/or the remediation of the Cyber-Threat concerned, orif and as required by law. If you believe that your Personal Data was unduly collected or is unduly processed by Broadcom for such purposes, please refer to the “Your Rights” and “Contact Us” sections below. Please be aware that if it is determined that Personal Data concerning you is processed by Broadcom because it is critical for the prevention of Fraudulent Payment Transactions, or the detection, blocking or mitigation of Cyber-Threats, then in certain cases the legitimate interest to pursue such processing may be compelling enough to override access, objection, rectification or erasure requests related to the data concerned. Automated Individual Decision-Making And Profiling Where Broadcom processes payment transaction security or network traffic data for the purpose of fraud prevention, respectively network and information security, automated decisions concerning particular payment transactions or cyber events may occasionally be made. This could involve in particular assigning relative payment fraud risk, respectively cybersecurity risk scores to ongoing or recent payment transactions, information network activities or system behaviors. Such automatically-assigned risk scores may be leveraged by you, by Broadcom, by our partners and by other customers to detect, block and mitigate the detected Fraudulent Payment Transaction or Cyber-Threat. They could therefore result in said partners and customers blocking payment transactions they deem to be fraudulent, halting network traffic coming from or going to suspected or known malicious addresses. Such processing is not intended to produce any other effect than protecting you, Broadcom, our partners and our other customers from fraudulent payment transactions, respectively Cyber-Threats. Should you nevertheless consider that such automated processing is unduly affecting you in a significant way, please contact directly the relevant data controller whose use of our products and services is thus impacting you.In case that data controller is Broadcom, please refer to the “Your Privacy Rights” and “Contact Us” sections of this Policy to raise your concerns and to seek our help in finding a satisfactory solution. Processing Of Pseudonymous Data To Improve the Performance of Broadcom Hardware Certain mobile devices equipped with a Broadcom GPS chip occasionally require querying Broadcom's geolocation assistance server. At the user’s request when launching a geolocation service on their device, the chip will transmit to Broadcom over TCP/IP the device's then-current broad city-level location. In response, the server will designate to the chip the then-relevant satellites to connect to. This service reduces the time needed for the chip to achieve accurate GPS location from about 15 minutes to less than 1 minute. Broadcom does not manually access, inspect, disclose, retain, correlate or reuse any of the data associated with this service. The logs related to this service only contain the dynamic IP address from which the device connected to the service, and these logs are purged on a rolling 24-hour basis. Broadcom is not in a position to identify any individual end-user based on the information involved in this service. To Whom Do We Disclose Your Information And Why? Broadcom does not sell or share, within the meaning of the California Privacy Rights Act, your personal information. We only disclose your information as described in this Policy. Broadcom processes your information for the purposes described in this policy, which include the above-listed commercial and business purposes in the meaning of the CCPA (see the “How Do We Use Your Information?” section above). We may disclose Personal Data collected about you as follows: Broadcom Users. Your user name and any information that you post to our Site, including, without limitation, reviews, comments, pictures and text will be available to, and searchable by, all users of the Site. Affiliates or Subsidiaries. Data we collect from you may be disclosed to our affiliates or subsidiaries. Unaffiliated Third Parties. Certain data about you may be disclosed to select resellers and/or distributors, particularly if you or your company have purchased through a third party before. Service Providers. Data we collect from you may be disclosed to third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf. We may disclose aggregate or de-identified information about users to third parties for marketing, advertising, research, or similar purposes. Please be advised that personal data collected through and for the purposes of user-requested alerts and service notifications, including and not limited to short code text messages in the U.S. and Canada, will not be disclosed, shared, sold or rented to any affiliated or unaffiliated third parties for marketing purposes. Business Transfers. Data we have collected from you may be transferred to another company as part of a merger or acquisition by that company. Legal Obligations and Rights. We may disclose your Personal Data to any legally entitled recipients: (i) in connection with the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; (ii) to comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests or legal process; (iii) for fraud or security monitoring purposes (e.g., to detect and prevent cyberattacks); (iv) to protect the rights of Broadcom or its employees; or (v) as otherwise permitted by applicable law. If we disclose your Personal Data, to the extent reasonably practicable and permissible, we will require its recipients to comply with adequate privacy and confidentiality requirements, and security standards. When you visit a Broadcom website, third party targeting cookies, if any, will only be present if that is in accordance with our Cookie Policy , and in line with your cookie choices. If you do not wish Broadcom to sell or share your data in the meaning of the California Privacy Rights Act with such third parties, you may use the Do Not Sell or Share button available in the website’s cookie management tool at any time. What About Links To Other Websites? Our Site and services may contain links to third party websites for your convenience. Any access to and use of such linked websites will cause you to leave the Site. Third party websites, even if potentially serving content co-branded by Broadcom, are not governed by this Policy, but instead are governed by their own privacy statements/policies. We recommend that you check the privacy statements/policies of every third party website you visit before providing any Personal Data. We do not control those third party websites and are not responsible for their content or their privacy policies. Thus, we do not endorse or make any legal representations about them. If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to our Site, you do so entirely at your own risk. How Do We Secure Your Personal Data?We have implemented administrative, technical, physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction and to help maintain data accuracy and ensure that your Personal Data is used appropriately. Broadcom has an internal Global Customer Privacy Program. Its charter is to ensure appropriate privacy processes are in place in order to meet the practices outlined herein. Where Personal Data is processed by service providers on behalf of Broadcom, we take steps to require those vendors to also comply with applicable data protection laws. How Long Do We Retain Your Personal Data? We will retain your Personal Data for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Policy and/or in applicable supplemental notices, unless a longer retention period is required by law. Your Rights Depending on where you live, you may have the following rights described below with respect to your Personal Data. In particular if the California Privacy Rigths Act (CPRA) applies to your information, we provide these disclosures and the tools described in this Policy so you can exercise your rights to receive information about our data practices, as well as to request access to and deletion of your information. To exercise your rights, you may: make use of the self-serve tools available in the products or services you are using;submit your privacy request via the Request Intake Form ; orcontact your customer support representative. It is our legal obligation to validate any request we receive before responding. The Request Intake Form linked above is specifically designed to ensure reliable and auditable request validation. Therefore we will not respond to requests that are not submitted and cannot be validated through this channel. If it is impossible for you to use any of the methods listed above, please contact the Privacy Office as indicated below to find a resolution. Email and Marketing. In most instances, we give you options with regard to the Personal Data you provide, including choices with respect to marketing materials. You may manage your receipt of marketing and non-transactional communications by: (i) clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located at the bottom of marketing emails; or (ii) checking certain boxes on our preference center which can also be found on certain forms we use to collect Personal Data. Access . You may request information regarding Personal Data that we collect and hold about you and the source(s) of that information. To access your Personal Data, return to the product, service or web page where you originally entered it and follow the instructions in your user interface or on that web page. If you cannot access your information in this way, please submit your request through the appropriate Request Intake Portal indicated above. If none of these options applies, please contact us as described in the “How Can You Contact Us?” section below.Please note that copies of information that you have updated, modified or deleted may remain viewable in cached and archived pages particularly of the Site for a limited period of time. If you request a change to or deletion of your Personal Data, please note that we may still need to retain certain information for record-keeping purposes, and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting such change or deletion (e.g., when you make a purchase, you may not be able to change or delete the Personal Data provided until after the completion of such purchase). Some of your information may also remain within our systems and other records where necessary for compliance with applicable law.You can request a copy of any Personal Data we hold about you, and of which you don’t already have a copy. This service is usually free of charge, although we have the right to charge a ‘reasonable fee’ in some circumstances; Rectification. You have the right to request that we rectify any inaccuracies in relation to the Personal Data we hold about you; Erasure . In some circumstances, you have the right to request the erasure of your Personal Data or object to the further processing of your information; Restriction of Processing. In some circumstances, you have the right to require us to restrict processing of your Personal Data; Objection . You have the right to object to any direct marketing or to other processing of your Personal Data based on our or on third parties’ legitimate interests, unless such interests are compelling enough to override your objection; Not to be discriminated against for exercising any of your other privacy rights. You may exercise any of your rights in this section without us discriminating against you in any way.Note however that you may be subject to differentiated treatment if and to the extent that the exercise of your rights materially impacts our ability to provide certain services to you (e.g. if you request the deletion of your account information or access credentials, then we may no longer be able to grant you access to restricted areas of our websites). Such differentiated treatment is objectively justified and does not constitute discrimination. Withdraw Consent . You have the right to withdraw consent to us processing your Personal Data. This will not affect the processing already carried out with your consent; Not to be subject to decisions based on automated processing. In some circumstances, you have the right not to be subject to decisions based solely on automated processing, and to obtain the human review of any such decisions that significantly affect you (please refer to the earlier section on automated decision making); and Complain You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach our supervisory authority so please contact us in the first instance. Competent Supervisory Authorities. We are a business that operates various activities across a number of jurisdictions. Processing operations we perform as a data processor on behalf of our enterprise customers are conducted mainly out of the Netherlands, and they are therefore under the supervision of the data protection authority of the Netherlands: Autoriteit Persoongegevens ;Data subjects located in Europe who wish to contact a regulator regarding Broadcom’s handling of their Personal Data should contact: In the EU27/EEA: the data protection authority of their place of residence ; In the United Kingdom: the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”); In Switzerland: the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (“FDPIC”). Data subjects located outside of Europe should contact: In California, the Office of the Attorney General at the State of California’s Department of Justice; In other locations around the world, their local data protection authority. What Choices Do You Have Regarding Our Use Of Your Personal Data? We will not use or disclose your Personal Data in ways unrelated to the ones described above without first notifying you and offering a choice, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. Please note that we may process your Personal Data without your knowledge or consent where it is required, or to the extent it is permitted by law.We will also provide you the opportunity to let us know if you wish to opt out at any time of certain or all contact from us, and we will do our utmost reasonably to honor such requests. This choice will be offered at the bottom of our on-line or off-line communications to you as well as on many of our web registration pages. If you have any difficulty exercising your choices, please contact us. How Can You Contact Us? You may exercise your access rights as described in the “Your Rights” section above, as well as by visiting our Data Subject Request Intake portals referenced above. Californian Consumers may also submit their requests over the phone by calling the following toll-free number: +1 (888) 914-9661 and providing the following PIN: 904 474 . We have also appointed a Global Privacy Officer who is responsible for matters relating to privacy and data protection. If you have questions or concerns about this Policy, or the privacy practices relating to our Site or services or wish to contact our Global Privacy Officer, please contact us using the details below: Company name: Broadcom Inc.Email address: data.privacy (at) broadcom.comPostal address: 1320 Ridder Park Drive, San Jose, CA 95131 EU residents may also lodge a complaint with the data protection authority in the EU member state where they live, work or where an alleged infringement of applicable data protection law occurred. What About Children? We do not knowingly collect Personal Data relating to children. If you believe that we may have collected Personal Data from someone under the age of thirteen (13), or under the applicable age of consent in your country, without parental consent, please let us know using the methods described in the Contact Us section and we will take appropriate measures to investigate and address the issue promptly. What About Californian “Shine the Light” Privacy Rights? California law, under California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (known as the "Shine the Light" law), permits our established customers who are California residents to request information regarding the manner in which we disclose certain categories of your Personal Data to third parties, for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.California law provides that you have the right to submit a request to Broadcom at its designated address and receive the following information: The categories of information Broadcom disclosed to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year;The names and addresses of third parties that received such information; andIf the nature of a third party's business cannot be reasonably determined from the third party's name, examples of the products or services marketed. You are entitled to receive a copy of this information up to one request per calendar year in a standardized format and the information will not be specific to you individually. Broadcom’s designated email address for such requests is the one indicated in the contact details above. We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted to addresses other than the addresses specified in this paragraph. In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for your response. Please allow up to thirty (30) days for a response. How Are Cross-Border Transfers of Data Performed? Subject to your permission or as permitted by law, the Personal Data that you provide to us may be transferred within Broadcom across state or country borders. This may be done to consolidate data storage or to simplify the management of customer information. We have adopted globally recognized privacy principles and only collect and/or transmit your Personal Data to the extent it is necessary to conduct business and perform requested services. Broadcom in the United States and service providers comply with applicable legal requirements providing for adequate protection of Personal Data transferred to countries outside of the EEA, the UK and Switzerland. In certain cases, where Personal Data originating from the European Economic Area is transferred to countries that are not recognized by the European Commission as offering an adequate level of Personal Data protection, such transfers are covered by alternate appropriate safeguards, specifically standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission. If applicable to you, you may obtain copies of such safeguards by contacting us. What About Changes To This Privacy Policy? This Privacy Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. We may change this Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this Policy on our Site. If we make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the Personal Data we have previously collected from you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on our Site, or by sending you an e-mail message to the e-mail address you have provided. Product-specific privacy information: By clicking accept, you understand that we use cookies to improve your experience on our website. For more details, please see our Cookie Policy. Privacy Preference Center Your PrivacyStrictly Necessary CookiesPerformance CookiesTargeting Cookies Your Privacy When you interact with Broadcom as set forth in the Privacy Policy through visiting any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in Broadcom’s systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow Broadcom to count visits and traffic sources so Broadcom can measure and improve the performance of its site. They help Broadcom to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies Broadcom will not know when you have visited our site and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through Broadcom’s site by its advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device.If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Back Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label