MET’s Privacy Policy Statement 13.3.2017 | Modified 29.11.2021 Processing of personal data on met.no The system owner/web editor is responsible for processing personal data for the website. The website is operated by Enonic. A data processing agreement between MET and Enonic governs what information the provider has access to and how it is to be handled. Google analytics and cookies www.met.no, halo.met.no, arctic-rcc.org and klimaservicesenteret.no use Google Analytics for web analysis and visitor statistics. The sites use cookies so that we can see and analyse how our site is used. The information that cookies collect about your use of the website is sent to Google and stored on the company’s servers in the United States. A code removes the final digits of your IP address before Google Analytics stores the information. This means that the analysis tool can estimate the user’s geographical location, but the address can not be used to identify you as a user. Google will use this information to evaluate use of the website, compile reports for us about website activity and provide other services in connection with the activity on the website and use of the internet. By using this website you agree that Google will process information about you in this way and for the purposes described above. It is possible to opt out of all Google Analytics registration by installing an add-on for your browser. The add-on can be downloaded here: Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on . Collected data is subject to Google’s privacy policy . MET will use the statistical information to improve the website. We will not use the information to identify individuals. The statistical data will not be put together with data from other sources. Traffic logs Network traffic in and out of MET’s network is logged by different infrastructure such as firewalls, DNS servers, VPN, Wifi and authentication services (Radius). These logs can include information that can be associated with individuals, such as IP addresses. The purpose of the logs is to prevent the misuse of MET’s services and deal with cyberattacks. The logs are stored on servers operated by MET. Email lists It is possible to sign up for email lists to receive information about the services. The lists are used for information about events, changes, or feedback and not for advertisements. Your address will not be copied from the email list to other systems or partners. You can unsubscribe from the list whenever you wish. Processing of personal data on api.met.no , arcticdata.met.no , arctic-rcc.org , drifty.met.no , eklima.met.no , fog.met.no , frost.met.no , ftp.met.no , halo.met.no , klimaservicesenteret.no , thredds.met.no , wiki.met.no , icewatch.met.no , luna.met.no and web pages for research projects The system owner for each service is responsible for processing personal data for that service. Our processing basis is the consent of the individual who wishes to use the service. In order to access the services, you must provide your email address and in some cases title and phone number to create a user or client ID with a password. This is necessary to give all users the most stable and fast access possible, for efficient use of the service and to control access to data that is not openly accessible to everyone. The email address will be used to contact users with information about the service, maintenance and changes. The information will be stored for the lifetime of the service, unless otherwise specified. MET logs the use of the services, where the user’s IP address is included. The purpose of logging use is to facilitate troubleshooting and to prepare statistics that we use to improve and refine the services. Examples of what the statistics provide answers to are the number of queries made toward the different data or products and how long the response time is. MET does not supply information about usage statistics to other actors. IP addresses can also be used for traffic management. MET also operates a number of web pages for research projects we head or participate in. In some cases, it is also necessary to create a user to access data. The project manager is in charge of data processing. Information collected in connection with the operation of the websites is stored on servers operated by MET. There are two exceptions. Data for the frost.met.no and drifty.met.no services is stored in the Google Cloud Platform (GCP). A data processing agreement between MET and GCP governs what information the provider has access to and how it is to be handled. Transfer to third countries is handled by Privacy Shield certification of GCP. Processing of personal data in butikk.met.no, kommersielt.met.no The system owner for the services is responsible for processing personal data for that service. Our processing basis is the consent of the individual who wishes to use the service.To provide good service to our customers with good follow-up, we store information about customers in a customer database. Examples of the information stored include company name, contact person, user name, password, phone, and email. The information is stored on servers operated by MET. The information will be stored for the lifetime of the service, unless otherwise specified. Processing personal data in recruiting services The system owner is responsible for processing personal data for the recruiting service. Our processing basis is the consent of the individual who wishes to apply for a position at MET. JobbNorge is our provider of recruiting services. A separate data processing agreement between MET and JobbNorge governs what information the provider has access to and how it is to be handled. Applications will be deleted after 120 days. Job applications will normally not be journaled, only if the applicant will be employed by MET. Other documents, including lists of applicants and lists of nominees, are stored. Journal information is not deleted, but is sheltered in the public electronic mail journal (i.e. names of persons/names of applicants are not shown). Processing of personal data in case processing and archive MET uses the Noark system Element’s fully electronic records and case processing system provided by Evry. Evry is our service provider and data processor for Elements. There is a data processing agreement between MET and Evry that governs what information the provider has access to and how it is to be handled. Responsibility for the system has been delegated to the Head of Archive unit, who is responsibility for the archive system as well as ensuring that there are necessary up-to-date procedures, and that training in the use of the system and procedures is offered. The respective division heads ensure that the actual case processing is in accordance with the procedures. MET processes personal data to comply with statutory obligations pursuant, inter alia, to the Personal Data Act, Public Administration Act, Freedom of Information Act, and the Archives Act. Various types of personal data are recorded in the records and case processing system. This includes information such as name, address, phone number, email address (metadata). In addition, the case documents may contain sensitive personal data such as health information. Upon request for access, any personal data will be provided in accordance with the Freedom of Information Act and the Public Administration Act. MET is required to make its public mail journals available to the general public. A journal is systematic and continuous recording of all inbound and outbound case documents. The journals are made available at www.met.no. Processing personal data, camera surveillance on MET’s property Video surveillance is installed at MET’s property in Oslo. Notice is posted pursuant to current regulations. The system owner is responsible for processing personal data for camera surveillance. The purpose of camera surveillance is to protect MET’s assets on the property and provide general safety for MET’s employees. Recordings are stored on servers operated by MET and deleted after 7 days. Processing of personal data upon enquiries to MET MET receives enquiries by email and phone. When there is a need for further follow-up, information about the enquiry is logged in ticket systems, case processing systems or similar, usually in unstructured form. The system owner for each service is responsible for processing personal data for that service. We encourage you not to send secret, sensitive or other confidential information via email. MET uses Google Suite as its email and interaction tool. A data processing agreement between MET and Google governs what information the provider has access to and how it is to be handled. Transfer to third countries is handled by Privacy Shield certification of Google. Yr.no Yr.no is a collaboration between NRK and MET. NRK is responsible for the frontend. For information about privacy on yr.no, see NRK’s web page on privacy. Your rights You have the right to basic information on the processing of personal data in an organisation. MET has provided this information in this statement and will refer to it upon any requests. If you are a registered user of any of our services, you are entitled to access your own data. You have the right to correct and delete personal data. Even if you have previously consented to storage of your personal data, you have the right to change your mind. You have the right to appeal to the Norwegian Data Protection Authority if you believe the processing is contrary to regulation. The privacy policy statement will be updated as needed. Contact information Privacy Ombudsman at the Norwegian Meteorological Institute.Email: post@met.no Phone: +47 22 96 30 00 Postal address: PO Box 43 Blindern, 0313 Oslo The Norwegian Meteorological Institute Postboks 43 Blindern 0313 OSLO Phone: +47 22 96 30 00Terms of Service This document describes the terms for using the MET Weather API. Changes to the terms will be announced on the mailing list . The last revision was on {{ page.date | date: "%-d %B %Y" }} . Introduction The service has good capacity and can handle relatively large volumes of requests, but the capacity is not unlimited. We ask all users to respect the guidelines so that the service will be stable. Most important rules: You must identify yourselfYou must not cause unnecessary trafficYou must not overload our servers General information about the service All weather data on the api are continually updated. New data will be made available in the service continuously. In order to receive important notifications about changes to the service we strongly suggest you subscribe to either our api-users mailing list or the RSS feed. When new versions of products are introduced (usually after a beta period), the older versions will be deprecated. This can be monitored by checking for a 203 status code (instead of the usual 200); if so this should be logged and/or shown as a warning. Deprecated versions will be terminated after a reasonable time period (usually 1 month). There are no guarantees of delivery regarding this service, or possibilities to obtain an SLA. If you need to get a customized delivery of weather data and products, you can see what is offered in ECOMET catalogue on ecomet.eu . Legal stuff Trademarks and naming restrictions (NEW) You are not allowed to make services/sites that appear to be made by Yr, NRK or The Norwegian Meteorological Institute. In other words, you may not use the word "Yr" as a part of your service name, or attach the Yr logo to your service. Identification All requests must (if possible) include an identifying User Agent-string (UA) in the request with the application/domain name, optionally version number. You should also include a company email address or a link to the company website where we can find contact information. If we cannot contact you in case of problems, you risk being blocked without warning. Examples of valid User-Agents: In cases where this is not possible (e.g. image links or simple cross-origin requests in Javascript), the website must instead identify itself using an (Javascript) or (for image links) header. Attribution All open data require attribution as specified in the CC BY 4.0 license: You must give appropriate credit, provide a link to the license, and indicate if changes were made. You may do so in any reasonable manner, but not in any way that suggests the licensor endorses you or your use. For more information, please see our Licensing and Data Policy . Personal data As an app or site developer, the confidentiality of the users' personal data are your own responsibility. If you call the API directly from an app or browser, the user's IP address will be stored in our logs, along with any possible geocoordinates used in requests. To guarantee anonymity we recommend using a proxy gateway so that the ip addresses of the users are not revealed to us. All api.met.no access logs are stored in our own data center in Oslo, Norway. Company email addresses (used in User-Agent headers) are not considered personal information for GDPR and other privacy purposes. For more information, see our Privacy Policy Statement . Technical issues Traffic Do not ask too often, and don't repeat requests until the time indicated in the response header.Cache data locally and and use the request header to avoid repeatedly downloading the same data. Do not use HEAD followed by GET since this doubles the server processing load if it misses the cache.Don't generate unnecessary traffic, e.g. by repeated requests for data which never change (MetAlerts CAP files, images with timestamps and so on).Don't schedule many requests at the same time, e.g. every hour on the dot or when the forecast model runs are finished. Add a random number of minutes to the time of the requests as our data are continously updated. Spread your traffic evenly out over time so it makes a flat curve, not a sawtooth. When using requests with latitude/longitude, truncate all coordinates to max 4 decimals. There is no need to ask for weather forecasts with nanometer precision! For new products, requests with 5+ decimals will return a 403 Forbidden.Avoid continuous updating of mobile devices. Applications on mobile devices must not retrieve new data as long as the application is not in use. If you need push notification (e.g. for MetAlerts ), don't make more than one poll every 10 mins. Bandwidth Anything over 20 requests/second per application (total, not per client) requires special agreement. If you have a mobile app, this means the total traffic from all installations.For websites, this means the total for all servers and/or traffic coming directly from the browsers. Sites exceeding this limit are likely to be throttled, possibly also blocked if we cannot contact you for optimization. Copy animations and other large objects to your own server if you expect heavy traffic. We have good bandwidth, but sites with heavy traffic which links directly to our animations can use more bandwidth than we have taken into account. It is desirable that you inform your users about the time you retrieved the data so that they can consider whether they look at outdated data. Protocols We only support encrypted HTTPS for security reasons. Unencrypted HTTP requests are redirected to HTTPS, but since this is both a security risk and generates unnecessary traffic it is not allowed over extended periods of time. If you don't fix it after a reasonable interval we reserve the right to block such traffic. Compression All clients must support redirects and gzip compression (Accept-Encoding: gzip, deflate) as described in RFC 2616. Caching and proxy Web servers and mobile apps should cache all API responses to avoid repeatedly asking for the same data. Use the information found in any cache headers, see RFC 2616. For example, use If-Modified-Since requests if the Last-Modified header exists. Note that the If-Modified-Since header should be identical to the previous Last-Modified, not any random timestamp (and definitely not in the future). Direct client-to-API connections Browsers and mobile apps should not contact the API directly, but instead use a local proxy (backend for frontend) server where you can cache data and add identification/authentication details (this is the canonical way of doing authentication in React since you cannot store client secrets in Javascript). Note: The conditions for using CORS are still under review and will be finalized later. Low-volume websites and mobile apps may use simple cross-origin Javascript requests and direct image links, provided the sites identifies itself as described above. If you start generating a lot of traffic against the API, you must set up a caching proxy gateway and route all traffic through this. Non-simple javascript requests (i.e. using authentication or other custom headers) and CORS preflights (whitelisting of your domain in the header) is explicitly not supported. Access control Throttling and traffic shaping Clients which don't follow the terms are liable to being throttled. This means requests will start getting a 429 HTTP status code instead of any content. Always check response headers and limit traffic immediately if this should happen. If you don't suspect you have excessive amounts of traffic, the problem is likely to be a breach of the TOS, usually lack of identification. Abuse Deliberate breach of our TOS, as well as trying to circumvent traffic rate limiting measures and/or impersonating traffic from other clients will result in a permanent ban in the use of our services. This includes fake or random strings as identification in the User-Agent header. 2020-06-26, Geir Aalberg