Metrological Platform Privacy Statement You may not have heard of Metrological Media Innovations B.V. (“Metrological”, “We” or “Us”), but when you open an app or the app store on the set top box of your TV operator, we are involved to ensure that you have a great app experience. Metrological has onboarded a library of third-party apps that your TV operator may choose to make available to you through your set top box. Metrological provides technical services to enable your TV operator to offer certain apps on your set top box, and ensures that the app is loaded onto your set top box and available for your use. This privacy statement describes how Metrological will process personal data about your use of the apps and the app store offered by your TV operator. If you visit our offices, are an employee of one of our business partners (i.e. TV operator or app provider), or access our website, please make sure to check out our Partner Privacy Statement to understand how personal data is processed by Metrological. This Privacy Statement will apply to the use of the App Stores of the following TV operators: Fetch TV, Astro and Comcast. When you open the app store or use apps on your set top box, the set top box may need to collect and send data to external parties to deliver the content you have requested. Most of that data is passed on directly to the app provider and not accessed by Metrological. For example, Metrological does not process the content that you open or consume in the app. Also, Metrological is not involved in any login procedure for the app. If you wish to learn more about these data processing activities of your TV operator or the providers of the apps that you choose to use, please read the privacy statements of these companies. Metrological has agreed arrangements with your TV operator and app providers respectively, to protect your data. You should consider your TV operator and app providers as your first point of contact for any queries relating to your privacy, see paragraph “your rights” below. However, you are at all times free to contact Metrological directly on the email address below if you have any queries about the processing of personal data by Metrological. What Personal Data Metrological collects When you access your app store or open an app on your set top box, Metrological automatically collects certain data about the apps you open and how you engage with them, such as your IP address, the pages of the app that you open, and the time, frequency and duration of these activities. We do not have access to data about the content that you open or consume in the app. For example, if you open a video app, we will register that you opened the video app and watched a video, but do not know which specific video you watched. We also don’t have any access to your bank account details, login credentials and app settings. We will identify you based on a number that has been assigned to you on your set top box. To protect your privacy, this number will be accessible to Metrological only in hashed form. We do not know your name, where you live, or any other contact details (unless you contact us directly by email). The vast majority of apps that are offered in the app store are third party apps. However, Metrological also has a limited number of apps of its own that it makes available through the app stores of TV operators. All these apps run on the set top box and do not require any additional processing of, or access to, your personal data by Metrological. Why does Metrological collect and use your personal data We collect and further process personal data about you for the following purposes: Operating the Platform and Enabling You to Use Apps: We use data to enable the app you have selected to load and to ensure that our platform, and the apps and app stores that run on it, are functioning properly. We process data on the basis of the legitimate interest of Metrological, the app provider and TV operator in providing you with a high-quality app experience.Analytics: For analytic purposes, Metrological collects pseudonymised data about your use of the app store and the apps. Metrological relies on its legitimate interest to have insight in the use of the apps and the app store and to continuously improve and optimize the functionality and quality of the platform on which the apps and app stores run. Because the app providers and TV operators also have a legitimate interest to improve and optimize the functionality and quality of their apps and their app stores, Metrological makes such data also available to the app providers and TV operators on an aggregated basis. Where required by applicable law, your TV operator shall ask your permission for such collection of data from your set top box.Legal Purposes. In certain cases, we may need to use your personal data to handle and resolve legal disputes, for regulatory investigations and compliance or to comply with lawful requests from law enforcement. Metrological bases such processing on the fact that it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or on Metrological’s legitimate interest to resolve legal disputes. How Metrological Shares Personal Data In certain circumstances, we’ll share your personal data with third parties: Service Providers. We use service providers to provide support services, such as hosting services. All service providers are contractually required to continue to adequately safeguard your personal data. The transmission of personal data to third party service providers may include overseas transfers of personal data to countries whose data protection laws are not as comprehensive as those of the countries within the European Union. Where required by European law, we shall only transfer personal data to recipients offering an adequate level of data protection. In these situations, as may be required, we make contractual arrangements to ensure that your personal data is still protected in line with European standards. You can ask us to see a copy of these contractual agreements using the contact details below. Corporate Family. We may share your information with our current or future “affiliates” (which means a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control), in which case we will require our affiliates to honor this privacy statement.TV operators and app providers. As noted above, Metrological makes usage analyses available to the app providers and TV operators on an aggregated basis.Competent Authorities. We may disclose personal data to law enforcement insofar as it is required by law or is strictly necessary for the prevention, detection or prosecution of criminal acts and fraud or if we are otherwise legally obliged to do so. We may need to further disclose personal data to competent authorities to protect and defend our rights or properties, or the rights and properties of our business partners. How we Retain Personal Data Unless we need to retain your data for longer to comply with applicable laws or resolve disputes with any party, we store personal data for Analytics and Operating the Platform purposes for no longer than 12 months, unless otherwise required by law. For other purposes, we retain the data for as long as necessary for the purposes for which the personal data are processed. After this period, the data is permanently deleted or rendered anonymous in such a manner that it is no longer personal data. Your rights You have the right to access, rectify, port and erase your data. In some cases you also have the right to object to and restrict certain processing of your data. If you contact us directly, we may not be able to respond and may direct you to contact your app provider or TV operator because we do not collect your name or contact information. The rights described above are not absolute rights. There may be circumstances that prevent Metrological from accommodating a request. Should we be unable to accommodate a specific request, we will notify you accordingly citing reasons for this. You have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects. Such automated decision making currently does not take place regarding the processing activities covered by this privacy statement. Special Notice for California Residents The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) provides California residents with rights to receive certain disclosures regarding the collection, use, and sharing of information about them, as well as rights to know/access, delete, and limit sharing of personal information. You have the right to be free from discrimination based on your exercise of your CCPA rights. To the extent that we act as a business and collect personal information that is subject to the CCPA, that information, our practices, and your rights are described below. We have not included data that we collect as a service provider to the app providers or TV operators, as we do not use that data for our own purposes. Notice at Collection Regarding the Categories of Personal Information Collected, Disclosed, and Sold You have the right to receive notice of the categories of personal information we collect, and the purposes for which we use personal information. The categories we use below to describe personal information are those enumerated in the CCPA. We collect this personal information for the purposes described in the "Why does Metrological collect and use your personal data" section above. Entities to whom we disclose information for business purposes are service providers, which are companies that we engage to conduct activities on our behalf.Service providers are restricted from using personal information for any purpose that is not related to our engagement. As described above, we may share any of the categories of personal information that we collect with service providers. Under the CCPA, a business “sells” personal information when it discloses it to a company for monetary or other benefit. A company may be considered a third party either because the purpose for its sharing of personal information is not for an enumerated business purpose under California law, or because its contract does not restrict it from using personal Information for other purposes. We do not sell personal information to third parties. Information Type Collected Disclosed to Sold to Personal Identifiers: Unique identifiers collected from your device Service providers Not Sold Geolocation Information: IP address Service providers Not Sold Internet or Electronic Network Activity Information: • IP address and device identifier; • Information about interaction with app (but not content consumed) Service providers Not Sold Note that the IP address is used to deliver the app to your set top box, but is not stored by Metrological. Right to Opt Out of Sale of Personal Information to Third Parties You have the right to opt out of any sale of your personal information by Metrological to third parties. However, we do not engage in any disclosures that would be considered sales of data under the CCPA. Please note that your right to opt out does not apply to our sharing of personal information with service providers. Right to Know and Request Access to and Deletion of Personal Information You have the right to request access to personal information collected about you and information regarding the source of that personal information, the purposes for which we collect it, and the third parties and service providers with whom we share it. You also have the right to request in certain circumstances that we delete personal information that we have collected directly from you. We may have a reason under the law why we do not have to comply with your request, or why we may comply with it in a more limited way than you anticipated. If we do, we will explain that to you in our response. Because we do not collect your name or contact information, Metrological may not be able to connect you with the information we store when you contact us. We therefore recommend that you to contact your app provider or TV operator, if you wish to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA. Nonetheless, you may also submit a request to exercise your rights to know/access or delete your personal information by emailing us at privacy@metrological.com . You may authorize another individual or a business registered with the California Secretary of State, called an authorized agent, to make requests on your behalf through these means. Verification Procedures In order to process your request to know/access or delete personal information we collect, we must verify your request. We verify your identity by asking you to confirm your request using the email or telephone account stated in the request. We will not use personal information we collect in connection with verifying or responding to your request for any purpose other than responding to your request. Changes to this Privacy Statement We might amend the Privacy Statement from time to time. If we make material changes to our practices, we will notify you of these changes before the new activities begin. How to Contact Metrological Your privacy is important to Metrological. Metrological knows that’s the kind of thing all these sorts of notices say, but frankly we mean it. So, if you have concerns about the way Metrological is handling your Personal Data, please let us know immediately and we will get right back to you. You may email us directly at privacy@metrological.com with the subject line "Privacy Concerns". Metrological is a private limited liability company, incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands and has its offices at Mariniersweg 151, 3011NK Rotterdam, the Netherlands. Metrological is committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about your data. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. Last updated: 1 January, 2021 (Version 2020.1) Resources Developers Company © 2023 Metrological Media Innovations B.V. This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Choose "Only functional cookies" if you don't want this. You can read our cookie policy here . Accept all Only functional cookies Made with Groowup Digital AgencyMetrological Partner Privacy Statement 1. RESPONSIBLE METROLOGICAL ENTITY At Metrological, trust is a core value. This Metrological Privacy Statement (“ rivacy tatement ”) describes our privacy practices for the activities set out in this Privacy Statement. Please read this Privacy Statement carefully to learn how we collect, use, share and otherwise process information relating to individuals (“ ersonal ata ”), and to learn about your rights and choices regarding our processing of your Personal Data. If you wish to learn more about the data we process when you use our app platform, please read our Platform Privacy Statement “ etrological ”, “ we ” and “ us ” refers to Metrological Media Innovations B.V. and its affiliates, having its principal place of business at Mariniersweg 151, 3011 NK Rotterdam, the Netherlands. 2. PROCESSING ACTIVITIES COVERED This Privacy Statement describes how your Personal Data is collected, processed and protected when: we use your Personal Data for marketing purposes;you use the Metrological Dashboard which we, amongst others, offer to content providers, Lightning Partners, Lightning Certified Developers and/or app store operators;you use the support forum which we offer to the Lightning (app dev) community;you fill out any of our web forms or request user support, or if you contact us by other means;register for, attend and/or otherwise take part in our events, webinars and training; you become a Metrological Certified Lightning Developer;you visit our websites that display or link to this Privacy Statement; andwe invite you to participate in a customer satisfaction survey. For the avoidance of doubt, this Privacy Statement does not apply to the extent we process Personal Data in connection with the use of the Metrological Application Platform or the apps made available by content providers and app store operators through such platform. This Privacy Statement also does not apply when you apply for a job at Metrological. 3. THE TYPES OF PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT For the purposes set out in this Privacy Statement, we collect and process the following data that we have on you: If you express an interest in obtaining information about our services, are subscribed to our marketing and email newsletters, voluntarily share your contact information with us at an event that we are also attending, request customer support, use our web forms or similar features, apply for becoming a Lightning Partner, register to use our websites, sign up for an event, training, or webinar, or download certain content, we may collect your contact information, such as your name, gender, job title, company name, address, phone number and email address; If you use our online dashboard or support forum we will collect your login details, IP address, user settings, browser data and your actions on this forum, such as webpage visited, number of visits, etc. If you register for our support forum, we may ask you to provide a username, photo and/or biographical information, such as your occupation, social media profiles, company name and areas of expertise. We will also collect all other information that you voluntarily share on this forum, such as comments you place, questions you ask or answers you submit. We will also process your login details for this forum; We process your name and contact details to invite you to participate in customer satisfaction surveys. You may always choose to opt out of receiving future invitations to participate in customer satisfaction surveys, by using the opt out option in the email invitation. If you choose to participate, we will also process the opinions you expressed in the survey. We aim to aggregate these opinions to a level that we cannot, or no longer, identify you. However, if there are a relatively low number of participants in the survey or based on the opinions expressed, it cannot be ruled out that we may be able to identify you; If you successfully complete the Lightning training course provided by our preferred Lightning training partners, currently Credersi, to become a Metrological Certified Lightning Developer, we will receive information about you from the Lightning training partner. More specifically, we will receive your full name, date of birth, email address, company name and details regarding the Lightning training course you attended, such as the date of the exam. 4. WHY AND HOW WE PROCESS YOUR DATA We process Personal Data about you for the following purposes: Marketing and ewsletters . We send marketing and newsletter emails about our products and services to our existing customers whose contact details we have obtained due to our customer relationship with them and who have not previously opted-out. We also send marketing and newsletter emails to individuals who have expressed an interest in Metrological’s products or services or who have signed up for these emails.We conduct our marketing activities because these are necessary for our legitimate interest in advertising our services. Where legally required, we will conduct these processing activities only if you have provided your prior consent. You can unsubscribe from email marketing and newsletter communications quickly, easily and at any time – just click on the “Unsubscribe” link included in each newsletter or other marketing communication. Communicating with you . If you fill out any of our web forms or request user support, or if you contact us by other means, including via a phone call and email, we process your Personal Data to perform our contract with you and to the extent it is necessary for our legitimate interest in fulfilling your requests and communicating with you. Events & rainings . We collect and store your Personal Data to process your application to our events and training and issue and register your obtained Metrological certificates. We process these Personal Data to fulfill our contractual obligation to provide you with these events, training and certification. Metrological ashboard . Metrological processes your Personal Data in order to make sure that you will be able to properly use the dashboard functionality. We do so inthe legitimate interest of the Lightning Partners, Lightning Certified Developers, content providers and the app store operators to gain insight in the usage of their app and app store(s), and/or to develop and test their app(s) running on Lightning framework. This functionality is made available https://dashboard.metrological.com . Metrological Lightning Program . We collect and store your Personal Data to maintain a database of all the Metrological Certified Lightning Developers. We do so for the legitimate interest of the Metrological Certified Lightning Developers to receive the benefits vested in the obtained certifications, such as to receive support and to receive service communications about Lightning. Support orum . Metrological processes your data in order to make sure that you will be able to properly use the support forum functionality and to allow you to create a username which identifies you in the discussion forum and permits you to ask and respond to questions and to place comments. We keep your information anonymous except for that information which you explicitly share using the forum profile and posting features. We process these Personal Data to fulfill our contractual obligation to provide you with access to the Metrological support forum and our legitimate interest to offer the support forum and spread knowledge about our services amongst the users thereof. Customer atisfaction urveys . We process your Personal Data to invite you to participate in customer satisfaction surveys and to process the opinions that you express in the surveys. We conduct these customer satisfaction surveys for our legitimate interest to obtain your opinion on various aspects of our services via a web-based questionnaire, to analyze the questionnaire information statistically, to draw conclusions on customer satisfaction and to improve our services. We may contact you to discuss the opinions that you have expressed in the questionnaire, but we will always ask your approval for this before contacting you. 5. ANALYTICS Metrological uses the Google Analytics tool to collect anonymized data on surfing behavior. This way we can see how visitors like you use the website. We use this information to improve our website. Google stores the collected information on its servers in the United States. Google also provides this information to advertisers to provide insight into the effectiveness of their campaigns. Google may also provide this information to third parties if Google is legally obliged to do so, or to third parties who process the information on behalf of Google. We have no influence on this. We have not allowed Google to use the obtained analytics information for other Google services. Read Google's privacy policy for more information, as well as the specific privacy policy of Google Analytics. 6. THE USE OF COOKIES We use cookies to make our website function properly and to analyse our website traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our analytics partner who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. Cookies and other similar techniques, such as scripts, are small files that can be placed from our domains on the user's devices. Based on cookies, you can be recognized on a subsequent visit and information can be collected about the use of the websites. There are different types of cookies. In some cases, cookies are automatically deleted when you close your browser. In other cases, these cookies are retained for a longer period of time and can also be read out for subsequent use of the services. Metrological only uses functional cookies.These are cookies that are necessary for the proper functioning of our website. Without these cookies, certain parts of the website cannot be used or may not function properly. For example, Metrological uses cookies to log in and to remember settings and preferences. 7. WHO WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA WITH We may disclose Personal Data to the following categories of recipients: Third-party service providers . We use service providers, which are not part of the Metrological corporate family, to support us in providing our services and to operate our business. These service providers provide support services such as marketing services, companies providing tools for creating Metrological digital certificates, online surveys and hosting services. All service providers are contractually required to continue to adequately safeguard your Personal Data. For example, we use MailChimp to manage our e-mail communications. Their privacy policy is available at http://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy . Subsidiaries and affiliates . We may share Personal Data to our subsidiaries and affiliates (including those located outside the European Economic Area and Switzerland) as necessary to support provision of our services and to operate our business. Competent authorities . We disclose Personal Data to law enforcement insofar as it is required by law or is strictly necessary for the prevention, detection or prosecution of criminal acts and fraud or if we are otherwise legally obliged to do so. 8. RETENTION We may retain your Personal Data for a period of time consistent with the original purpose of collection. We determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Data on the basis of the amount, nature and sensitivity of your Personal Data processed, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Data and whether we can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, as well as on the basis of applicable legal requirements (such as applicable statutes of limitation). In some cases the storage of your Personal Data is linked to the term of the applicable concluded agreement. This is the case for the dashboard. After termination or expiration of this agreement, Metrological will use best efforts to make sure that the data will be deleted immediately. We retain data in relation to customer satisfaction surveys conducted for five years, so we can compare the results of the survey with previous years. We aim to aggregate these data to a level that we cannot, or no longer, identify you. However, if there are a relatively low number of participants in the survey or based on the uniqueness of the answers given by you, it cannot be ruled out that we may be able to identify you up to five years after the survey has been conducted. We retain data in the Metrological Certified Lightning Developers’ database for as long as your Metrological Lightning Developer certification is still valid. After expiry of the applicable retention periods, your Personal Data will be deleted. If there is any data that we are unable, for technical reasons, to delete entirely from our systems, we will put in place appropriate measures to prevent any further use of such data. For further information on applicable data retention periods, please contact us by using the information in the “Contact Us” section, below. 9. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS The processing of Personal Data as described in this Privacy Statement may include overseas transfers of Personal Data to countries whose data protection laws are not as comprehensive as those of the countries within the European Union. Where required by European law, we shall only transfer Personal Data to recipients offering an adequate level of data protection. In these situations, as may be required, we make contractual arrangements to ensure that your Personal Data is still protected in line with European standards. You can ask us to see a copy of these contractual agreements using the contact details provided below. 10. YOUR RIGHTS OVER THE PERSONAL DATA WE HOLD We want you to be in control of how your Personal Data is used by us. You can do this in the following ways: you can ask us for a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you;you can inform us of any changes to your Personal Data, or you can ask us to correct any of the Personal Data we hold about you but, as explained below, you may be able to make such changes yourself. We rely on you to ensure that your Personal Data is complete, accurate and current. Please do inform us promptly of any changes to or inaccuracies of your Personal Data by contacting us. If you have an online user account, you can access your Personal Data through our dashboard and the support forum.The dashboard and the support forum generally present you with the option to add, update or remove information we have about you; in certain situations, you can ask us to erase, block or restrict the processing of the Personal Data we hold about you, or object to particular ways in which we are using your Personal Data. For example, you can ask us to delete your Personal Data from the Metrological Certified Lightning Developers’ database. When we delete your Personal Data from such database as requested, we will not be able to provide you with any benefits which you receive from this certification, such as support or service communications about Lightning; in certain situations, you have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects (" utomated ecision- aking" ).Automated Decision-Making currently does not take place in regards to the processing activities covered by this Privacy Statement;in certain situations, you can also ask us to send the Personal Data you have given us to a third party;you can at any time withdraw any consent that you have given; and where we process your Personal Data based on legitimate interest, you have the right to object at any time to that use of your Personal Data. The above-mentioned rights are not absolute. Circumstances may occur as a result of which we may not be able to accommodate a specific request. We will assess every request individually. Should we be unable to accommodate a specific request, we will notify you accordingly citing reasons for this. Nevertheless, the right to object to the use of your data for direct marketing purposes is absolute. Whatever the case, we will honour any request declining commercial exposure. 11. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT We might amend the Privacy Statement from time to time. If you care about your privacy, visit this page regularly and you will know exactly where you stand. If we make changes to the Privacy Statement which will have an impact on you (for example, if we intend to process your Personal Data for other purposes than communicated in the past in this Privacy Statement), we will notify you of these changes before the new activities begin. 12. CONTACT US For any of your requests in regard to this Privacy Statement or if you have a complaint, please contact us through the contact details listed below. Metrological Media Innovations B.V. Mariniersweg 151 3011 NK Rotterdam, the Netherlands +31 10 414 22 57 privacy@metrological.com We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about your data. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. Last updated: 22 March 2022 (Version 2022.1) Resources Developers Company © 2023 Metrological Media Innovations B.V. This site uses cookies to enhance your experience. Choose "Only functional cookies" if you don't want this. You can read our cookie policy here . Accept all Only functional cookies Made with Groowup Digital Agency