Legal notice Legal notice Legal notice Miele & Cie. KG Carl-Miele-Straße 29 D-33332 Gütersloh P.O. Box 33325 Gütersloh Phone 05241 89-0 Fax 05241 892090 Email: info@miele.de Corporate structure: Limited partnership (KG) with headquarters in Gütersloh, Register court Gütersloh, HRA [commercial registry] 3268 Personally liable partners: Miele Verwaltungs-GmbH, Gütersloh, register court Gütersloh, HRB [commercial registry] 1325 Zinkann Verwaltungs-GmbH, Gütersloh, register court Gütersloh, HRB [commercial registry] 1324 Executive Directors: Olaf Bartsch, Dr. Stefan Breit, Dr. Axel Kniehl, Dr. Markus Miele, Rebecca Steinhage, Dr. Reinhard Zinkann An Online Dispute Resolution website managed by the European Commission has been set up which is dedicated to helping consumers and traders resolve their disputes out-of-court. To access this website please go to http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/ Sales tax ID no.: DE126784329 © Copyright of all Miele websites and Internet services is held by Miele & Cie. KG. 20 years TESTED TO BE EQUIVALENT OF 20 YEARS´ USE During the development phase of the product series listed hereafter Miele has conducted tough durability tests simulating a 20 years average use of an average household. The extent of testing for each tested series is described below. This does not represent any assurance or guarantee of a durability of our marketed product series for 20 years. Notwithstanding testing during development phase individual machines may require occasional servicing or may require repair or replacement of core components. In this respect, the statutory warranty provisions apply and – where applicable – additional provisions on product warranty within the general sales terms for the Miele product. WASHING MACHINES MIELE has tested development models and core components during the development phase of the washing machine series W 1 (front loader models) in tough endurance tests. The aim of these tests conducted by MIELE is to simulate average usage over a period of 20 years. The basis for determining the test conditions for the endurance test is the average consumer habits known from studies and surveys. MIELE uses a total of 5,000 wash cycles with different programs as a basis. This corresponds to 5 wash cycles per week with use in 50 weeks per year over a period of 20 years. The requirements derived from this were translated into test conditions. In addition to the exact test conditions, these also specify the number of test items to be tested in order to obtain statistically reliable test results. These tests carried out by MIELE during development phase are monitored by our employees. The corresponding results are recorded and evaluated by us. The washing machine series is not released until the test results meet the specified criteria for the reliability of the washing machine series. The tests carried out by MIELE "To the equivalent of 20 years use" are based on a comprehensive concept, which has been implemented by operating instructions, laboratory test instructions and supplementary factory standards. This concept has been reviewed as part of an operational stability study with the result that this concept is complete, it corresponds to the state of the art and with this approach it is possible to test washing machines for a service life of 20 years based on the average use by an average household (Fraunhofer Institut, Expertise LBF- No. 307049 -ExW). This does not represent any assurance or guarantee of a durability of our marketed washing machines for 20 years. Notwithstanding testing during development phase individual machines may require occasional servicing or may require repair or replacement of core components. In this respect, the statutory warranty provisions apply and – where applicable – additional provisions on product warranty within the general sales terms for the Miele product. TUMBLE DRYERS MIELE has tested development models and core components during the development phase of the dryer series T1 (heat pump models) in tough endurance tests. The aim of these tests conducted by MIELE is to simulate average usage over a period of 20 years. The basis for determining the test conditions for the endurance test is the average consumer habits known from studies and surveys. MIELE uses a total of 5,000 drying cycles with different programs as a basis. This corresponds to 5 drying cycles per week with use in 50 weeks per year over a period of 20 years. The requirements derived from this were translated into test conditions. In addition to the exact test conditions, these also specify the number of test items to be tested in order to obtain statistically reliable test results. These tests carried out by MIELE during development phase are monitored by our employees. The corresponding results are recorded and evaluated by us.The dryer series is not released until the test results meet the specified criteria for the reliability of the dryer series. The tests carried out by MIELE "To the equivalent of 20 years use" are based on a comprehensive concept, which has been implemented by operating instructions, laboratory test instructions and supplementary factory standards. This concept has been reviewed as part of an operational stability study with the result that this concept is complete, it corresponds to the state of the art and with this approach it is possible to test dryers for a service life of 20 years based on the average use by an average household (Fraunhofer Institut, Expertise LBF- No. 308005). This does not represent any assurance or guarantee of a durability of our marketed dryers for 20 years. Notwithstanding testing during development phase individual machines may require occasional servicing or may require repair or replacement of core components. In this respect, the statutory warranty provisions apply and – where applicable – additional provisions on product warranty within the general sales terms for the Miele product. WASHER DRYERS MIELE has tested development models and core components during the development phase of the washer-dryer series WT1 (heat pump models) in tough endurance tests. The aim of these tests conducted by MIELE is to simulate average usage over a period of 20 years. The basis for determining the test conditions for the endurance test is the average consumer habits known from studies and surveys. MIELE uses a total of 5,000 washing and 4000 drying cycles with different programs as a basis. This corresponds to 5 washing and 4 drying cycles per week with use in 50 weeks per year over a period of 20 years. The requirements derived from this were translated into test conditions. In addition to the exact test conditions, these also specify the number of test items to be tested in order to obtain statistically reliable test results. These tests carried out by MIELE during development phase are monitored by our employees. The corresponding results are recorded and evaluated by us. The washer-dryer series is not released until the test results meet the specified criteria for the reliability of the washer-dryer series. The tests carried out by MIELE "To the equivalent of 20 years use" are based on a comprehensive concept, which has been implemented by operating instructions, laboratory test instructions and supplementary factory standards. This concept has been reviewed as part of an operational stability study with the result that this concept is complete, it corresponds to the state of the art and with this approach it is possible to test washer-dryers for a service life of 20 years based on the average use by an average household (Fraunhofer Institut, Expertise LBF- No. 308005). This does not represent any assurance or guarantee of a durability of our marketed washer-dryers for 20 years. Notwithstanding testing during development phase individual machines may require occasional servicing or may require repair or replacement of core components. In this respect, the statutory warranty provisions apply and – where applicable – additional provisions on product warranty within the general sales terms for the Miele product. DISHWASHERS MIELE has tested development models and core components during the development phase of the dish washer series G 7000 in tough endurance tests. The aim of these tests conducted by MIELE is to simulate average usage over a period of 20 years. The basis for determining the test conditions for the endurance test is the average consumer habits known from studies and surveys. MIELE uses a total of 5,600 dishwashing cycles with different programs as a basis. This corresponds to 5.6 dishwashing cycles per week with use in 50 weeks per year (280 cycles) over a period of 20 years. The requirements derived from this were translated into test conditions. In addition to the exact test conditions, these also specify the number of test items to be tested in order to obtain statistically reliable test results. These tests carried out by MIELE during development phase are monitored by our employees. The corresponding results are recorded and evaluated by us. The dishwasher series is not released until the test results meet the specified criteria for the reliability of the dishwasher series. The tests carried out by MIELE "To the equivalent of 20 years use" are based on a comprehensive concept, which has been implemented by operating instructions, laboratory test instructions and supplementary factory standards. This concept has been reviewed as part of an operational stability study with the result that this concept is complete, it corresponds to the state of the art and with this approach it is possible to test dishwasher for a service life of 20 years based on the average use by an average household (Fraunhofer Institut Expertise LBF-Bericht Nr.308595 – ExG). This does not represent any assurance or guarantee of a durability of our marketed dishwashers for 20 years. Notwithstanding testing during development phase individual machines may require occasional servicing or may require repair or replacement of core components. In this respect, the statutory warranty provisions apply and – where applicable – additional provisions on product OVENS MIELE has tested core components of H 7000 oven series in tough endurance tests during its development phase. The aim of these tests conducted by MIELE is to simulate average usage of main functionalities of the ovens and ovens with microwave over a period of 20 years. The basis for determining the test conditions for the endurance test is the average consumer habits known from studies and surveys. MIELE uses a total of 2160 hours of use regarding ovens and a total of 3160 hours of use regarding ovens with microwave function in various operating modes. This corresponds to 108 hours of oven use per year and 158 hours use of the ovens with microwave function per year (108h use of the oven and 50h use of the microwave function). Furthermore, 3 pyrolytic cleaning cycles were considered. The requirements derived from this were translated into test conditions. In addition to the exact test conditions, these also specify the number of test items to be tested in order to obtain statistically reliable test results. These tests carried out by MIELE during development phase are monitored by our employees. The corresponding results are recorded and evaluated by us. The oven series is not released until the test results meet the specified criteria for the reliability of the core components of the series. The core components are all main components required for proper use of respective main functions of the product. The tests carried out by MIELE "To the equivalent of 20 years use" are based on a comprehensive concept, which has been implemented by operating instructions, laboratory test instructions and supplementary factory standards. This concept has been reviewed as part of an operational stability study with the result that this concept is complete, it corresponds to the state of the art and with this approach it is possible to test main functions of the product for a service life of 20 years based on the average use by an average household. This does not represent any assurance or guarantee of a durability of our ovens and ovens with microwave for 20 years. Notwithstanding testing core components during development phase individual machines may require occasional servicing or may require replacement of core components. In this respect, the statutory warranty provisions apply and – where applicable – additional provisions on product warranty within the general sales terms for the Miele product STEAM OVENS MIELE has tested core components of DG 7000 steam oven series, including combi products DGC (steam oven with baking function) and DGM (steam oven with microwave) in tough endurance tests during its development phase. The aim of these tests conducted by MIELE is to simulate average usage of main functionalities of the steam ovens over a period of 20 years. The basis for determining the test conditions for the endurance test is the average consumer habits known from studies and surveys. MIELE uses a total of 2500 hours of use regarding steam ovens (DG), a total of 4700 hours of use regarding steam ovens with baking function (DGC) and a use of 3500 hours regarding steam ovens with microwave function (DGM), each of them tested in various operating modes. This corresponds to 125 hours of steam oven use per year (DG), 235 hours of steam oven or baking use (DGC), and 175 hours use of steam oven or microwave function (DGM) per year. The requirements derived from this were translated into test conditions. In addition to the exact test conditions, these also specify the number of test items to be tested in order to obtain statistically reliable test results. These tests carried out by MIELE during development phase are monitored by our employees. The corresponding results are recorded and evaluated by us. The steam oven series is not released until the test results meet the specified criteria for the reliability of the core components of the series. The core components are all main components required for proper use of respective main functions of the product. The tests carried out by MIELE "To the equivalent of 20 years use" are based on a comprehensive concept, which has been implemented by operating instructions, laboratory test instructions and supplementary factory standards.This concept has been reviewed as part of an operational stability study with the result that this concept is complete, it corresponds to the state of the art and with this approach it is possible to test main functions of the product for a service life of 20 years based on the average use by an average household (Fraunhofer Institut, Expertise, LBF-Nr. 308234). This does not represent any assurance or guarantee of a durability of our steam ovens for 20 years. Notwithstanding testing core components during development phase individual machines may require occasional servicing or may require replacement of core components. In this respect, the statutory warranty provisions apply and – where applicable – additional provisions on product warranty within the general sales terms for the Miele product MICROWAVES MIELE has tested core components of M 7000 microwave series in tough endurance tests during its development phase. The aim of these tests conducted by MIELE is to simulate average usage of main functionalities of the microwaves over a period of 20 years. The basis for determining the test conditions for the endurance test is the average consumer habits known from studies and surveys. MIELE uses a total of 1000 hours of use in various operating modes. This corresponds to 50 hours of microwave use per year. The requirements derived from this were translated into test conditions. In addition to the exact test conditions, these also specify the number of test items to be tested in order to obtain statistically reliable test results. These tests carried out by MIELE during development phase are monitored by our employees. The corresponding results are recorded and evaluated by us. The microwave series is not released until the test results meet the specified criteria for the reliability of the core components of the series. The core components are all main components required for proper use of respective main functions of the product. The tests carried out by MIELE "To the equivalent of 20 years use" are based on a comprehensive concept, which has been implemented by operating instructions, laboratory test instructions and supplementary factory standards. This concept has been reviewed as part of an operational stability study with the result that this concept is complete, it corresponds to the state of the art and with this approach it is possible to test main functions of the product for a service life of 20 years based on the average use by an average household. (Fraunhofer Institut, Expertise, LBF-Nr. 308005). This does not represent any assurance or guarantee of a durability of our microwaves for 20 years. Notwithstanding testing core components during development phase individual machines may require occasional servicing or may require replacement of core components. In this respect, the statutory warranty provisions apply and – where applicable – additional provisions on product warranty within the general sales terms for the Miele product. BUILT-IN VACUUM SEALING DRAWERS MIELE has tested core components of EVS 7000 vacuum drawer series in tough endurance tests during its development phase. The aim of these tests conducted by MIELE is to simulate average usage of main functionalities of the vacuum drawers over a period of 20 years. The basis for determining the test conditions for the endurance test is the average consumer habits known from studies and surveys. MIELE uses a total of 120 hours of use (representing 7.000 vacuum cycles including welding) regarding vacuum drawers EVS 7000 each of them tested in various operating modes. This corresponds to 350 vacuum drawer uses for one minute per year. The requirements derived from this were translated into test conditions. In addition to the exact test conditions, these also specify the number of test items to be tested in order to obtain statistically reliable test results. These tests carried out by MIELE during development phase are monitored by our employees. The corresponding results are recorded and evaluated by us. The vacuum drawer series is not released until the test results meet the specified criteria for the reliability of the core components of the series. The core components are all main components required for proper use of respective main functions of the product. The tests carried out by MIELE "To the equivalent of 20 years use" are based on a comprehensive concept, which has been implemented by operating instructions, laboratory test instructions and supplementary factory standards. This concept has been reviewed as part of an operational stability study with the result that this concept is complete, it corresponds to the state of the art and with this approach it is possible to test main functions of the product for a service life of 20 years based on the average use by an average household (Fraunhofer Institut, Expertise, LBF-Nr.308234). This does not represent any assurance or guarantee of a durability of our vacuum drawers for 20 years. Notwithstanding testing core components during development phase individual machines may require occasional servicing or may require replacement of core components. In this respect, the statutory warranty provisions apply and – where applicable – additional provisions on product warranty within the general sales terms for the Miele product GOURMET WARMING DRAWERS MIELE has tested core components of warming drawer series ESW7000 in tough endurance tests during the development phase of the series. The aim of these tests conducted by MIELE is to simulate average usage of main functionalities of the warming drawers over a period of 20 years. The basis for determining the test conditions for the endurance test is the average consumer habits known from studies and surveys. MIELE uses a total of 7,500 hours of use with different speed settings as a basis. This corresponds to 450 minutes of use per week in 50 weeks, resulting in 375 h per year over a period of 20 years. The requirements derived from this were translated into test conditions. In addition to the exact test conditions, these also specify the number of test items to be tested in order to obtain statistically reliable test results. These tests carried out by MIELE during development phase are monitored by our employees. The corresponding results are recorded and evaluated by us. The warming drawer series is not released until the test results meet the specified criteria for the reliability of the warming drawer series. The tests carried out by MIELE "To the equivalent of 20 years use" are based on a comprehensive concept, which has been implemented by operating instructions, laboratory test instructions and supplementary factory standards. This concept has been reviewed as part of an operational stability study with the result that this concept is complete, it corresponds to the state of the art and with this approach it is possible to test main functionalities of warming drawers for a service life of 20 years based on the average use by an average household (Fraunhofer Institut, Expertise, LBF-Nr. 308234). This does not represent any assurance or guarantee of a durability of our warming drawers for 20 years. Notwithstanding testing during development phase individual products may require occasional servicing or may require replacement of core components. In this respect, the statutory warranty provisions apply and – where applicable – additional provisions on product warranty within the general sales terms for the Miele product VACUUM CLEANERS Classic C 1, Compact C 1, Compact C 2, Complete C 2, Complete C 3, Blizzard CX 1, Swing H 1, Dynamic U 1 MIELE has tested models and core components in tough endurance tests during the development phase of the residential mains-operated vacuum cleaner series with bag ,lassic C 1, Compact C 1, Compact C 2, Complete C 2, Complete C 3 and Blizzard CX 1). The aim of these tests conducted by MIELE is to simulate average usage over a period of 20 years. The basis for determining the test conditions for the endurance test is the average consumer habits known from studies and surveys. MIELE uses a total of 750 h of appliance running as a basis. This corresponds to 45 minutes of use per week with use in 50 weeks per year over a period of 20 years. The requirements derived from this were translated into test conditions. In addition to the exact test conditions, these also specify the number of test items to be tested in order to obtain statistically reliable test results. These tests carried out by MIELE during development phase are monitored by our employees. The corresponding results are recorded and evaluated by us. The above mentioned vacuum cleaner series is not released until the test results meet the specified criteria for the reliability of the above mentioned vacuum cleaner series. The tests carried out by MIELE "To the equivalent of 20 years use" are based on a comprehensive concept, which has been implemented by operating instructions, laboratory test instructions and supplementary factory standards. This concept has been reviewed as part of an operational stability study with the result that this concept is complete, it corresponds to the state of the art and with this approach it is possible to test residential mains-operated vacuum cleaner for a service life of 20 years based on the average use by an average household (Fraunhofer-Institut , LBF-Bericht Nr. 307530 – Expertise Bodenpflege). This does not represent any assurance or guarantee of a durability of the mentioned vacuum cleaners for 20 years. Notwithstanding testing during development phase individual machines may require occasional servicing or may require replacement of core components.In this respect, the statutory warranty provisions apply and – where applicable – additional provisions on product warranty within the general sales terms for the Miele product. OTHER DISCLAIMER 10'000 hour disclaimer During development phase of washing machines series W 1 Miele and dryer series T1 has tested models & core components for 10,000 hours; more see miele.com/20years 3,300 bath disclaimer Over the expected lifespan, our machines save 596,484* liters of fresh water, or 3977 bathtubs. In comparison with hand wash, 5 rinsing cycles per week with 14 standard places setting over 20 years (one bathtub with an average of 150l); more see miele.com/20years 3x car engine disclaimer During development phase of washing machines series W 1 Miele and dryer series T1 has tested models & core components for 10,000 hours; more see miele.com/20years DE EN Your current setting with regard to cookies requiring consent: Miele & Cie. KG uses cookies (including third-party cookies) to collect information about visitors' use of the site. These cookies help us to provide you with the best possible online experience and help us to continually improve our website. By clicking on the "Confirm Selection" or "Confirm All" button, you consent to either all cookies or just those selected. You can withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future by changing the settings at the top of our cookie policy. For more information about our use of cookies or to change your settings, please click on "More Information", or please see our privacy policy and our cookie policy. Essential Analysis Marketing Details Essential Analysis MarketingTerms of use Terms of use Miele Downloads 1. This Agreement governs the download and use of Miele software and information. By downloading, the user agrees to be bound by these terms. 2. In general, downloads are available 24 hours a day, seven days a week. Miele accepts no responsibility, however, for uninterrupted service based on the state of the internet and computer systems. 3. Miele exercises due diligence to keep downloads up-to-date. Miele reserves the right, however, to change information and software at any time, in particular concerning further technical or economical developments or altered conditions of service and general conditions, also taking into account pricing/commercial issues, without having to announce or notify of the change. Rights and responsibilities of use 1. The contents are legally protected, and particularly copyright protected, for the benefit of Miele and third parties. Usage, in particular, any copying, distribution, performance, screening, broadcast, providing public access and other reproductions as well as adaptations and transformations are only permitted with express written consent from Miele or the respective rights holder. 2. Miele software may not be copied, resold, loaned or given to unauthorized third parties. Miele software contains trade secrets. For this reason, the software may not be reverse-engineered, decompiled, disassembled or manipulated in other usable forms. 3. If copyright law determines that approval is not absolutely required for use under certain preconditions as an exception, then the limitations of the usage rights in the preceding points do not preclude this. 4. Miele grants the user basic, non-exclusive, non-transferable rights that may be revoked at any time to use the downloads to support business purposes within the scope of existing business agreements with Miele. Possible copyright and comparable notices must be adopted without change. 5. Miele points out the fact that data transfer over the internet is unsecured. It is not impossible for unauthorised persons to see the data, or for the data to be falsified. Liability 1. No guarantees or assertions are made through the content and downloads made available or via this Agreement. Likewise, no warranty claims shall arise from it. 2. Miele accepts no liability for the accuracy, completeness, quality and reliability of the information nor for results that may be achieved through the use of that information. Miele accepts no liability for any consequential loss from use of the downloads, such as interruption of service, lost earnings, loss of information and data. Decisions as to the use of software made available by Miele as downloads should be made by the user in consultation with Miele. 3. Miele accepts no liability for damages, regardless of the legal basis, that arise from the use, inability to use, possible hardware or software errors or incorrect system settings created by the user. Download usage is at your own risk. Miele accepts no liability for software and information, particularly regarding their usability, accuracy, completeness and virus-free state. 4. Miele's liability is further excluded for damages caused by viruses, Trojan horses, hoax viruses or similar programming, as well as for programmes, programme parts or codes which cause similar impairment, destruction or failure of systems or parts. The user shall take their own measures to protect against viruses and other destructive data. 5. Miele's accepts no liability for the incorrect transfer of data from Miele, the manipulation of this data by third parties, particularly through unauthorised access to Miele's networks and systems, insofar such access is not advocated by Miele. 6. Liability is not excluded, provided liability must be assumed, for example, if caused intentionally or through culpable negligence, for guarantees of quality or due to violation of material contractual obligations, in the event of loss of life, limb or health as well as if liable in accordance with product liability law. Compensation due to violation of material contractual obligations, however, is limited to damages that are foreseeable and typical of the contract, provided there is no intent or culpable negligence involved. This does not imply a change in the burden of proof to the detriment of the user. Viewing pdf files Adobe Acrobat Reader is required to view pdf files. Viewing CAD data Planning data allows simple, quick and secure planning in two- and, sometimes, three-dimensional front and floor plan views. Data relating to planning, such as measurements, connection points and the necessary on-site installations is highlighted. As a rule, special software is required to view CAD files.The CAD data from Miele is available in different formats and is compatible with current CAD programmes: 3DS: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.3ds DWG: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/.dwg OBJ: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wavefront_.obj_file STEP: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_10303-21 The design files for the appliances are indicated with the heating type “EL” (electric), “D” (steam) or “G” (gas) as appropriate. The additional "D", "S", "V" or "R" stand for the top, side, front or rear view of the appliances. The recipient accepts responsibility for the correct choice and the consequences of use of the data as well as the intended or achieved results. Liability for damages or consequential loss is excluded. Liability is not excluded, provided liability must be assumed, for example, if caused intentionally or through culpable negligence, for guarantees of quality or due to violation of material contractual obligations, in the event of loss of life, limb or health as well as if liable in accordance with product liability law. Compensation due to violation of material contractual obligations, however, is limited to damages that are foreseeable and typical of the contract, provided there is no intent or culpable negligence involved. This does not imply a change in the burden of proof to the detriment of the user. Miele Website The website of Miele & Cie. KG may contain links to websites of other providers. Every initial connection of a linked website is checked for unlawful contents. The Miele & Cie. KG is not responsible for external contents that can be accessed via such links. However, if the Miele & Cie. KG determines or is made aware of the fact that a website displays unlawful contents, the reference to the link will be removed as quickly as possible. GTC for Professional Repairer Miele General Terms and Conditions for Professional Repairer 1. Scope of Application, Contract Language, Saving of the Contract Text 1.1 These Miele General Terms and Conditions for Professional Repairer ( Terms ) shall apply to: the use of the Miele Professional Repairer Store (the Store );the purchase and/or ordering of (1) Miele spare parts for Professional Repairer ( Parts ), (2) Miele software and other digital products for Professional Repairer ( Digital Products ) and (3) free-of-charge and chargeable access to repair and maintenance information for Professional Repairer ( Services ) via the Store. 1.2 We are Miele Miele & Cie. KG, a company registered in Germany. Our company registration number is DE126784329 and our registered office is at Carl-Miele-Straße 29, 33332 Gütersloh. 1.3 Orders may be placed only by You, a Professional Repairer, who is entrepreneur within the meaning of § 14 BGB or a legal entity under public law or rather natural person who uses the Products and/or Services in the execution of its professional activity for an entrepreneur within the meaning of § 14 BGB or for a legal entity under public law (e.g. employees) –, however, in no case, a consumers within the meaning of § 13 BGB (Professional Repairer or You). We will not accept any terms and conditions of the Professional Repairer. 1.4 The Contract Language is english. 1.5 Please read these Terms carefully before You submit Your order to us. These Terms tell You who we are, how we will provide Parts, Digital Products and Services to You, how You and we may change or end the contract, what to do if there is a problem and other important information. If You think that there is a mistake in these Terms, please contact us to discuss. These terms are available in the Store. You may review these Terms and Your previous orders in Your customer account in the Store. You may also review, download, save and print the Terms on this same page. 2. Prerequisites for the use of the Store Customer Account 2.1 You need a registration and an account for the Store in order to use the Store. After entering Your data, You can end the registration process by clicking the “Register” button and a registration application will be automatically send to Miele. Miele decides on the acceptance of the registration application at its own discretion. Miele is entitled to require the Professional Repairer to demonstrate that (i) the Professional Repairer has the technical competence to repair domestic appliances and complies with the applicable regulations for repairers of electrical equipment in the Member States where it operates and (ii) the Professional Repairer is covered by insurance covering liabilities resulting from its activity regardless of whether this is required by the Member State. Miele shall accept or refuse the registration within five (5) working days form the date of the request. If Miele accepts the registration application, Miele will confirm Your successful registration on the Store or by e-mail. Upon successful registration, an account is created for You and You can login by using Your access data (e-mail address and password).Further Prerequisites 2.2 In order to use our Digital Products and/or Services, You have to ensure that You fulfil all prerequisites stipulated for the respective Digital Product or Service. You will find all specific prerequisites for Digital Products and/or Services in the respective description for the Digital Product or Service. 3. Conclusion of Contract and Correction of Input Errors The availability of our Parts, Digital Products and Services in the Store do not constitute a legally binding offer, but an invitation to place an order. You may put any particular Part, Digital Product and/or Service into the virtual shopping basket by clicking on the button “into the shopping basket”, without making an offer to order. The selected Parts, Digital Products and Services may be checked and changed at any time. Before placing Your order, You may put further Parts, Digital Products and Services into the shopping basket or remove them, by selecting the waste basket symbol and thus deleting them from the shopping basket. Your order for the Parts, Digital Products and Services listed on the order site will be binding once You click on the “Buy now” or “Order now with obligation to pay” Button. Our acceptance of Your order will take place when we email You to accept it or by sending You a separate Order Acknowledgement within five days after Your order at the latest, at which point a contract will come into existence between You and us. 4. Parts, Digital Products & Services General 4.1 You will find details on the respective Parts, Digital Products and Services, including information about the respective license/service terms for Digital Products and Services and specific prerequisites for the respective Digital Product or Service in the Digital Product / Service Description as made available in the Store. 4.2 The images of the Parts, Digital Products and Services on our Store are for illustrative purposes only. Although we have made every effort to display the colours accurately, we cannot guarantee that a device's display of the colours accurately reflects the colour of the Parts, Digital Products and Services. Your Part, Digital Product or Service may vary slightly from those images. Parts 4.3 You are only allowed to purchase Parts and to use and distribute such Parts or make such Parts otherwise available to any third Party in order to render services within the scope of a service contract with your customer. For the avoidance of doubt it shall be clarified that any commercial distribution of Parts and any other commercial exploitation of the Parts beyond the aforementioned scope is expressly prohibited. 4.4 Miele retains title of delivered Parts until receipt of all payments arising out or in connection with the business relationship between You and Miele. If You are in default of payment, Miele shall be entitled to take possession and to utilize delivered Parts upon expiration of an appropriate period determined by Miele. Profit of exploitation will be credited for Your outstanding debts deducting appropriate expenses for exploitation. You may use and sell Parts only in the course of Your regular business and according the provision set forth in Sec. 4.3 above. You shall not be entitled to pledge Parts or use them to secure third party claims. You hereby assign to Miele all claims arising from the sale of Parts to third parties in the amount of the Parts already delivered to You. Miele hereby accepts such assignment. In case the total value of Miele’s security interests exceeds the value of all secured claims by more than twenty (20) % any surplus of such security interests shall be released on Your request. You shall notify Miele immediately in the event Parts are or will be pledged or otherwise claimed by any third party. You shall be liable for all costs and expenses of Miele incurred by aby third party action against execution in pursuance of § 771 of Code of Civil Procedure (§ 771 ZPO). 4.5 Miele warrants that the Parts comply with the specifications expressly stated by Miele at the time when risk of loss or damage of such Parts passes to You.In case of any significant failure of a Part to meet the specification expressly stated by Miele (“Defect”), Miele will - subject to your compliance with the notification obligations set forth below - at its sole reasonable discretion repair the Part that has a Defect or replace the Part by a refurbished Part. If Miele is unable to remedy the Defect within two (2) attempts, You are entitled to terminate the respective order of the defective Part. You are obligated to inspect delivered Parts immediately upon receipt. You are only entitled to claim for remedies due to the delivery of a defect Part if you notify Miele in writing without delay. Notification of such claims shall be considered without delay when they will be submitted within two (2) weeks after delivery.Hidden defects must be notified in writing without delay upon their discovery, however, in any event, at the latest twelve (12) month after receipt of the delivery of the respective Part. If You fail to provide a proper and timely notification, our liability for the non-reported remedies is excluded. Sec. 10 shall remain unaffected. Use of the Digital Products and Enduser License Agreements 4.6 We generally offer our Digital Products on the basis of a fixed license term of one (1) month or twelve (12) months, subject to Your order and proper payment of the license fees charged for the Digital Product and Your strict compliance with this Terms, the Enduser License Agreement (EULA) which is made available on the respective Digital Product pages and which must be accepted in order to use the Digital Products and all applicable laws. Your fixed license term for the respective Digital Product will automatically expire at the end of the term. However, You are free to re-order the Digital Product in the Store given that the Digital Product is still available. Use of the Services and service terms 4.7 Unless otherwise stipulated in this Terms or in the respective Service descriptions or expressly agreed upon between You and us, we provide You with the respective Service (= limited, non-exclusive, revocable and non-transferable right to access the Repair and Maintenance Information) for the agreed amount of (1) named user, subject to Your order and proper payment of the fees charged for the Services and Your strict compliance with this Terms and all applicable laws. 4.8 We generally offer our Services on the basis of fixed service term of one (1) month or twelve (12) months. Your fixed service term for the respective Service will automatically expire at the end of the term. However, You are free to re-order the Service in the Store given that the Service is still available. 4.9 You acknowledge and agree to the following restrictions and warrant that You will not encourage or facilitate any third party to violate these restrictions. You shall not distribute, sell, rent or otherwise license or sub-license the Services without our prior approval;You shall not use the Services with more users as You are allowed to;You shall not use the Services for any illegal purposes or in any way which could violate these Terms or any applicable law;You shall not transmit any malware, defects or any other items of destructive nature or any other items which could threat the Services or any other products and/or services made available by Miele, to any servers or networks connected with any products and/or services made available by Miele; You shall not translate, decompile, copy, reverse engineer, create derivative works or otherwise modify the Services unless You are explicitly entitled to do so under applicable mandatory law; 5. Activation of Digital Products and Services After our acceptance of Your order, the Digital Product and/or Service will be activated for Your use. As regards our Digital Products, You will receive a link where You can find and download the installation files for the respective Digital Product. 6. Terms, Conditions and Periods of Delivery for Parts 6.1 Delivery is executed by our external delivery partners. Delivery times for individual Parts are on the checkout page. 6.2 We will dispatch the Parts after acceptance of Your order. The delivery period begins from the first working day after acceptance of your order. 6.3 We make deliveries only within Germany. 6.4 If we are impeded from executing the order due to strike, lock-out, force majeure, shortfall of workforce without fault, unforeseeable delays by sub-suppliers, interventions by authorities, unpredictable acts by third parties not acting on our behalf, technical conditions beyond our control and any other events that are unforeseeable and beyond our responsibility, the times of delivery shall be deemed as being extended by the time the impediment lasts. We will inform you about the beginning and end of any such impediment without delay. If the impediment delays the delivery by more than one month, you and we shall both be entitled to end the contract with respect to the Parts affected by the default in delivery. 6.5 If, in exceptional cases, an item should not be available from stock, we will inform you immediately and advise you of a scheduled date of delivery or propose that we supply a comparable Part. In the event you should not be agreeable with that date of delivery or should not wish to receive delivery of a comparable Part, the purchase will be cancelled and will refund you any sums already paid. 7.Prices and Means and Conditions of Payment 7.1 The registration and use of the Store as well as some specific Services are free of charge. 7.2 The prices stated for our Parts, Digital Products and chargeable Services on the product and service pages in the Store are net prices, excluding the legal VAT and without any delivery costs. You may see the delivering costs from the check-out page. The delivery costs are stated on the check-out page next to the price quotation. 7.3 The prices stated for our Digital Products and Services are defined as one-time payments. 7.4 You have the choice between the following means of payment: Invoice. 7.5 If You opt for payment by invoice, You will receive an invoice after the conclusion of the respective contract. Invoices are due for payment within fourteen (14) days after receipt of the invoice. 7.6 You are obligated to ensure the validity of Your selected payment method and to keep Your payment data up-to-date. 7.7 You shall not be entitled to offset any payment against our accounts receivable, unless Your counter-claims have been legally established or are uncontested. You shall also be entitled to offset payments against our accounts receivable if You assert notices of defect or counter-claims from the same purchase contract. 8. Data Privacy 8.1 For processing of the order, we collaborate with various companies for instance in charge of payment processing and logistics. At the same time, we make sure that our partners observe the applicable provisions in terms of data privacy as well. 8.2 Depending on the payment mode selected, the payment transaction for purchase orders will be accomplished by the intervention of a competent service provider, if required. 8.3 For more detailed information on data privacy, please refer to our Data Privacy Statement. 9. Reservation of changes We may, at our own discretion, change and/or supplement the scope of our Digital Products and Services at any time with future effect for the purpose of further development of our Digital Products and Services and for security reasons, unless this is unreasonable for You. We shall inform You in due time about any changes of our Digital Products and Services by e-mail or in the Store if and insofar a change has significant impact on the scope of our Digital Product and/or Service. 10. Limitation of Liability MIELE SHALL BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES CAUSED BY INTENT, GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS SET FORTH IN THE GERMAN PRODUCT LIABILITY ACT WITHOUT LIMITATION. IN THE EVENT OF SLIGHT OR MINOR NEGLIGENCE, MIELE SHALL ONLY BE LIABLE WITHOUT LIMITATION FOR DAMAGES TO LIFE, HEALTH OR PERSONAL INJURY. IN ALL OTHER CASES OF SLIGHT OR MINOR NEGLIGENCE, MIELE SHALL BE LIABLE INSOFAR AS MIELE BREACHES OR VIOLATES AN OBLIGATION WHICH IS ESSENTIAL FOR THE PROPER IMPLEMENTATION OF THIS TERMS AND ANY FURHTER AGREEMENT CONCLUDED UNDER THIS TERMS AND OF WHICH YOU RELY ON OR MAY REGULARLY RELY ON – IN SUCH EVENT, MIELE’S LIABILITY TO YOU SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE TYPICAL FORESEEABLE DAMAGE UNDER THIS TERMS. FURTHER CLAIMS FOR DAMAGES CAUSED BY SLIGHT OR MINOR NEGLIGENCE ARE EXCLUDED. 11. Severability Each of the paragraphs of these Terms operates separately. If any court or relevant authority decides that any of them are unlawful, the remaining paragraphs will remain in full force and effect. 12. Applicable Law The law [APPLICABLE LAW] under exclusion of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG) shall apply. The exclusive place of jurisdiction for all disputes arising from or in connection with this Terms shall be the courts responsible for Germany. DE EN Your current setting with regard to cookies requiring consent: Miele & Cie. KG uses cookies (including third-party cookies) to collect information about visitors' use of the site. These cookies help us to provide you with the best possible online experience and help us to continually improve our website. By clicking on the "Confirm Selection" or "Confirm All" button, you consent to either all cookies or just those selected. You can withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future by changing the settings at the top of our cookie policy. For more information about our use of cookies or to change your settings, please click on "More Information", or please see our privacy policy and our cookie policy. Essential Analysis Marketing Details Essential Analysis Marketing