PRIVACY POLICY Update! Our Privacy Policy was updated on 20 Dec 2019. If you do not agree with these changes and no longer wish to use our service, you may cancel your account by emailing us at privacy@xiaomi.com . We have revamped the Privacy Policy front and back so that from this date onwards, this Privacy Policy can provide privacy details on how we manage your personal information for Mi WiFi Repeater products and services, unless a separate privacy policy is provided for a specific Xiaomi product or service. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions. OUR COMMITMENT TO YOU This Privacy Policy sets out how Xiaomi Inc. and its affiliated companies within the Xiaomi Group (“Xiaomi”, “we”, “our” or “us”) collect, use, disclose, process and protect any information that you give us when you use Mi WiFi Repeater products and services. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using Mi WiFi Repeater products and services, it will only be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy and/or our terms and conditions for users. The Privacy Policy is designed with you in mind, and it is important that you have a comprehensive understanding of our personal information collection and usage practices, as well as full confidence that ultimately, you have control of any personal information provided to Xiaomi. In this Privacy Policy, “personal information” means information that can be used to identify an individual, either from that information alone or from that information combined with other information Xiaomi has access about that individual. Such personal information may include but not limit to the information you provide to us or upload, like device information. By using Mi WiFi Repeater products and services, you are deemed to have read, acknowledged and accepted all the provisions stated here in the Privacy Policy, including any changes we may make from time to time. In order to comply with applicable laws, including local data protection legislation, we will specifically seek prior explicit consent to the particular processing (e.g. automated individual decision-making) of special categories of personal data. Furthermore, we are committed to protecting the privacy, confidentiality and security of your personal information by complying with applicable laws, and we are equally committed to ensuring that all our employees and agents uphold these obligations. We are committed to protecting the privacy, confidentiality and security of your personal information by complying with applicable laws, including your local data protection legislation. We are equally committed to ensuring that all our employees and agents uphold these obligations. Ultimately, what we want is the best for all our users. Should you have any concerns with our data handling practice as summarized in this Privacy Policy, please contact us by emailing to privacy@xiaomi.com to address your specific concerns. We will be happy to address them directly. WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED AND HOW WE CAN USE IT? TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED In order to provide our services to you, we will ask you to provide personal information that is necessary to provide those services to you. If you do not provide your personal information, we may not be able to provide you with our products or services. We will only collect the information that is necessary for its specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes. We may collect the following types of information (which may or may not be personal information): Mi WiFi Repeater information: information related to your Mi WiFi Repeater. For example, device activation status, status of device binding with Mi accounts, active status, device signal strength, status of sharing, hardware version, software version, MAC address, device key, device SN, device ID, device color, device country code, WiFi roaming status and position management of device. Network information: information related to your network. For example, network SSID, network signal strength, gateway address, subnet mask, encrypted password, traffic statistics, SSID status. Terminal device information: information of device connected to the Router. For example, connection status and timing, device name, IP address, MAC address, online duration. Location time information: information related to your use of certain functions. For example, server region, default time zone, default time, default language. Information specific to you that may be assigned by us: we may collect and use information such as your Mi Account ID, and shared Mi Account ID. Other information: Environmental characteristics value (ECV) (i.e. value generated from Mi Account ID, connected Wi-Fi ID and location value).HOW THE PERSONAL INFORMATION IS USED Personal information is collected for providing services and/or products to you, and legal compliance on our part under applicable laws. You hereby consent that we may process and disclose personal information to our affiliated companies (which are in the communications, social media, technology and cloud businesses), Third Party Service Providers (defined below) for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. We may use your personal information for the following purposes: Providing, processing, maintaining, improving and developing our goods and/or services to you, including after-sales and customer support and for services on your device or through our websites. Communicating with you about your device, service or any general queries, such as updates, customer inquiry support, information about our events, notices. Conducting marketing related activities, such as providing marketing and promotional materials and updates. For more information on marketing and promotional activities, please refer to the Direct Marketing section below. Conducting promotional activities, such as sweepstakes and Facebook events. Analyzing and developing statistical information on use of our products and services to better improve our products and services. Optimizing the performance of your device. Storing and maintaining information about you for our business operations or legal obligations. Here are more details on how we use your information (which may include personal information): Providing basic service of Mi WiFi Repeater. Information related to Mi WiFi Repeater (e.g. device activation status, device type, device country code, system version, device SN, MAC address) will be used to activate Mi WiFi Repeater. Providing administrated function of Mi WiFi Repeater. You can manage your network and connected terminal devices in your APP. To support this service, we may collect any and all information including Mi WiFi Repeater data, network information, terminal device information, location information. Mi WiFi Repeater data will be used to clarify device and to provide functions and progress for every connected device. For example, based on activation status, Mi WiFi Repeater will decide whether to enter into initialization procedure; based on binding status, Mi WiFi Repeater will decide whether to bind with Mi account; based on country code, Mi WiFi Repeater will set default time and language; based on system version, Mi WiFi Repeater will provide corresponding functions. Share admin privilege. your Mi Account ID and shared Mi Account ID may be used to share system admin privilege. Providing location based services. In the course of using Mi WiFi Repeater services, location information may be used to serve you the correct version of the service and provide accurate details about that location for the best possible user experience. DIRECT MARKETING We may use your Mi Account ID to provide marketing materials to you relating to goods and services of Xiaomi companies and our business partners which offer network, mobile applications and cloud products and services. We will only so use your personal data after we obtain your prior explicit consent and involve a clear affirmative action or indication of no objection in accordance with local data protection laws, which may require separate explicit consent. You have the right to opt out of our proposed use of your personal data for direct marketing. If you no longer wish to receive certain types of email communications you may opt-out by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each communication or by emailing us at privacy@xiaomi.com . We will not transfer your personal data to our business partners for use by our business partners in direct marketing. WITH WHOM DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION? We do not sell any personal information to third parties. We may disclose your personal information on occasion to third parties (as described below) in order to provide the products or services that you have requested. Disclosure may be made to Third Party Service Providers and affiliated companies listed in this section below. In each case described in this section, you can be assured that Xiaomi will only share your personal information in accordance with your consent. Your consent to Xiaomi will engage sub-processors for the processing of your personal information. You should know that when Xiaomi shares your personal information with a Third Party Service Provider under any circumstance described in this section, Xiaomi will contractually specify that the third party is subject to practices and obligations to comply with applicable local data protection laws. Xiaomi will contractually ensure compliance by any Third Party Service Providers with the privacy standards that apply to them in your home jurisdiction.SHARING WITH OUR GROUP AND THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS In order to conduct business operations smoothly in providing you with the full capabilities of our products and services, we may disclose your personal information from time to time to other Xiaomi affiliated companies, or our third party service providers which are our mailing houses, delivery service providers, telecommunications companies, data centers, data storage facilities, customer service providers, advertising and marketing service providers, agents acting on behalf of Xiaomi, [related corporations, and/or other third parties] (together “Third Party Service Providers”). Such Third Party Service Providers would be processing your personal information on Xiaomi’s behalf or for one or more of the purposes listed above. If you no longer wish to allow us to share this information, please contact us at privacy@xiaomi.com . SHARING WITH OUR GROUP’S ECOSYSTEM COMPANIES Xiaomi works together with a cool group of companies, which together form the Mi Ecosystem. The Mi Ecosystem companies are independent entities, invested and incubated by Xiaomi, and are experts in their fields. Xiaomi may disclose your personal data to Xiaomi or other Mi Ecosystem companies so as to provide you with and improve the exciting products and services (both hardware and software) from the Mi Ecosystem. Some of these products and services will still be under Xiaomi / Mijia / Mitu brands , while others may use our own brand. Xiaomi will take appropriate organizational and technical measures to ensure the security of personal data during the process of sharing of information, including but not limited to the encryption of your personal data. If Xiaomi is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale of all or a portion of our assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website, of any changes in ownership, uses of your personal information, and choices you may have regarding your personal information. SHARING WITH OTHERS Xiaomi may disclose your personal information without further consent when required under applicable law. INFORMATION NOT REQUIRING CONSENT We may share anonymized information and statistics in aggregate form with third parties for business purposes, for example with advertisers on our website, we may share them trends about the general use of our services, such as the number of customers in certain demographic groups who purchased certain products or who carried out certain transactions. For the avoidance of doubt, Xiaomi may collect, use or disclose your personal information without your consent if it is and only to the extent it is allowed explicitly under local data protection laws. Such disclosure may be brought about by the necessity to protect our rights, ensure the safety of you and other people, and comply with the requirements of the local government to facilitate the investigations of illegal activities. SECURITY SAFEGUARDS XIAOMI’S SECURITY MMEASURES We are committed to ensuring that your personal information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure or other similar risks, we have put in place reasonable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect from your using of Xiaomi products and services and on Xiaomi websites. We will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard your personal information. For example, when you access your Mi Account, you can choose to use our two-step verification process for better security. When you send or receive data from your Xiaomi device to our servers, we make sure they are encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) and other algorithms. All your personal information is stored on secure servers that are protected in controlled facilities. We classify your data based on importance and sensitivity, and ensure that your personal information has the highest security level. We make sure that our employees and Third Party Service Providers who access the information to help provide you with our products and services are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet such obligations. We have special access controls for cloud based data storage as well. All in all, we regularly review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against any unauthorized access and use. We will take all practicable steps to safeguard your personal information. However, you should be aware that the use of the Internet is not entirely secure, and for this reason we cannot guarantee the security or integrity of any personal information which is transferred from you or to you via the Internet. WHAT YOU CAN DO You can play your part in safeguarding your personal information by not disclosing your login password or account information to anybody unless such person is duly authorized by you.Whenever you log in as a Mi Account user on Xiaomi websites, particularly on somebody else’s computer or on public Internet terminals, you should always log out at the end of your session. Xiaomi cannot be held responsible for lapses in security caused by third party accesses to your personal information as a result of your failure to keep your personal information private. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you must notify us immediately if there is any unauthorized use of your account by any other Internet user or any other breach of security. Your assistance will help us protect the privacy of your personal information. RETENTION POLICY Personal information will be held for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected, or as required or permitted by applicable laws. We shall cease to retain personal information, or remove the means by which the personal information can be associated with particular individuals, as soon as it is reasonable to assume that the purpose for which that personal information was collected is no longer being served by retention of the personal information. If further processing is for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes according to the applicable laws, the data can be further retained by Xiaomi even if the further processing is incompatible with original purposes. All the personal information on Mi WiFi Repeater will be erased when you reset your device to factory default settings. To implement a hard-reset function, you can use the reset pin to clamp the reset hole on the Mi WiFi Repeater. When the status indicator turns yellow, Mi WiFi Repeater implement factory default settings successfully. The firmware reset is equivalent to restoring the factory, and the data on the firmware will be erase if the factory setting is restored. If you need to erase software information on Mijia APP, you can withdraw the privacy consent. ACCESSING OTHER FEATURES ON YOUR DEVICE Our applications may need access to certain features on your device such as Wi-Fi network status. This information is used to allow the applications to run on your device and allow you to interact with the applications. At any time you may revoke your permissions by turning these off at the device level or contacting us at privacy@xiaomi.com . YOU HAVE CONTROL OVER YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION CONTROLLING SETTINGS Xiaomi recognizes that privacy concerns differ from person to person. Therefore, we provide examples of ways Xiaomi makes available for you to choose to restrict the collection, use, disclosure or processing of your personal information and control your privacy settings: Log in and out of the Mi Account; Bind/unbind your device with your Mi Account; If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for the abovementioned purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing or emailing us at privacy@xiaomi.com . ACCESSING, UPDATING, CORRECTING OR ERASING YOUR ERSONAL INFORMATION You have the right to request access to and/or correction of any other personal information that we hold about you. When you update your personal information, you will be asked to verify your identity before we proceed with your request. Once we obtain sufficient information to accommodate your request for access to or correction of your personal information, we shall proceed to respond to your request within any timeframe set out under your applicable data protection laws. A copy of personal data collected and processed by us will be provided to you upon your request free of charge. For any extra requests of the same information, we may charge a reasonable fee based on actual administrative costs according to the applicable laws. If you would like to request access to your personal data held by us or if you believe any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the email address below. Email: privacy@xiaomi.com . If you would like to request access to your personal data held by us or if you believe any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the email address below. Email: privacy@xiaomi.com . For details relating to the personal information in your Mi Account, you may also access and change them at http://account.mi.com or by logging into your account on your device. WITHDRAWAL OF CONSENT You may withdraw your consent for the collection, use and/or disclosure of your personal information in our possession or control by submitting a request. This may be done by clicking Revoke Authorization in the General Settings - Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Please recognize that your withdrawal of consent could result in certain legal consequences.Depending on the extent of your withdrawal of consent for us to process your personal information, it may mean that you will not be able to enjoy Mi WiFi Repeater products and services. TRANSFER OF PERSONAL INFORMATION OUTSIDE OF YOUR JURISDICTION To the extent that we may need to transfer personal information outside of your jurisdiction, whether to our affiliated companies (which are in the communications, social media, technology and cloud businesses) or Third Party Service Providers, we shall do so in accordance with the applicable laws. In particular, we will ensure that all transfers will be in accordance with requirements under your applicable local data protection laws by putting in place appropriate safeguards. You will have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards taken by Xiaomi for this transfer of your personal information. Xiaomi may use overseas facilities operated and controlled by Xiaomi to process or back up your personal information. Currently, Xiaomi has data centers in United States, Germany, India, Russia and Singapore. These overseas jurisdictions may or may not have in place data protection laws which are substantially similar to that in your home jurisdiction. You have understood that the risks under applicable data protection laws are different and we may transfer to and store your personal information at our overseas facilities. However, this does not change any of our commitments to safeguard your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. MISCELLANEOUS MINORS We consider it the responsibility of parents to monitor their children’s use of our products and services. Nevertheless, it is our policy not to require personal information from minors or offer to send any promotional materials to persons in that category. Xiaomi does not seek or intend to seek to receive any personal information from minors. Should a parent or guardian have reasons to believe that a minor has provided Xiaomi with personal information without their prior consent, please contact us to ensure that the personal information is removed and the minor unsubscribes from any of the applicable Xiaomi services. ORDER OF PRECEDENCE If you have agreed to our applicable User Agreements, in the event of inconsistency between such User Agreements and this Privacy Policy, such User Agreements shall prevail. UPDATES TO THE PRIVACY POLICY We keep our Privacy Policy under regular review and may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make material changes to our Privacy Policy, we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or post the changes on all the Xiaomi websites or through our mobile devices, so that you may be aware of the information we collect and how we use it. Such changes to our Privacy Policy shall apply from the effective date as set out in the notice or on the website. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Your continued use of products and services on the websites, mobile phones and/or any other device will be taken as acceptance of the updated Privacy Policy. We will seek your fresh consent before we collect more personal information from you or when we wish to use or disclose your personal information for new purposes. CONTACT US If you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy or any questions relating to Xiaomi’s collection, use or disclosure of your personal information, please contact us at the address below referencing “Privacy Policy”: Xiaomi Singapore Pte. Ltd. 20 Cross Street, China Court #02-12 Singapore 048422 Thank you for taking the time to understand our Privacy Policy!العربيةNederlandsPortuguês (Brasil)FrançaisEspañol (América)DeutschDanskEspañol (España)SuomiIndonesiaעבריתItalianoBahasa MelayuNorsk bokmålPolskiРусскийSvenskaไทยTürkçeУкраїнськаTiếng Việt한국어Português (Portugal) Xiaomi End User License Agreement Welcome to Xiaomi! 1. INTRODUCTION These terms and conditions (the " End User License Agreement " and/or the " Agreement " and/or “ EULA ”) govern data and voice access to, and use of, our router Model R4CM and/or Model R4AC (indistinctively referred to as " Mi Router ") and the Software incorporated therein Mi Router 4A 3.0.2 and/or Mi Router 4C 3.0.15 (indistinctively referred to as (the " Software ") owned by Xiaomi Inc., its subsidiaries and affiliates (the " Xiaomi " or "we"), and our operational partners (the " Cooperator s"), and which You have purchased in order to access Your own Internet connection and/or Wi-Fi services. This EULA is available at: Use of the Mi Router and the Software confers User status as User and constitutes acceptance of and compliance with the EULA (hereinafter, " You " or the " User " and/or the " User s"), as well as any other terms of use that may apply to or during use of the Mi Router and the Software . Please read this Agreement carefully to access the Mi Router and use the Software , and choose whether to accept this Agreement or not. You must be of legal age, if You are a minor You must read this Agreement accompanied by Your legal guardian. By using our Mi Router and our Software and accepting our Agreement , You acknowledge that You have read, understood and accepted the terms and conditions of this Agreement and are bound by them. By accepting this Agreement , You agree to all restrictions. Xiaomi Technology Netherlands B.V. is a limited company duly registered and established in accordance with the provisions of Dutch law, with RSIN (company ID) number 859298899. For the purposes of communications and notifications, the following contact address is established: Contact us at: Address: Strawinskylaan 4117, Room 04-106, 1077ZX Amsterdam. The Netherlands. 2. DEFINITIONS In order to better understand this EULA these definitions might be helpful: Router means hardware device that by using router protocol Software allows the internet connection of different mobile or PS devices at the same time. Server means a single physical computer running no more than one (1) unique copy of an operating system. Multiple Servers are (i) multiple computers that share processing power or operate in a networked configuration as a single logical computer, such as a ‘server farm,’ ‘cluster’ or similar arrangement, and (ii) multiple virtual machines within a technical environment that partitions a physical computer into multiple virtual machines such that each virtual machine has the appearance and capability of running on its own dedicated machine. Software means the Software and any Updates, if any, that are licensed to You under this EULA including, but not limited to, any related components purchased or provided with the Software , application programming interfaces, associated media, printed materials, online or electronic documentation, and any updates and maintenance releases thereto. 3. SOFTWARE LICENSE 3.1 User Rights You have the right to use Mi Router and the Software according to the terms and conditions of this EULA in order to access and connect via Wi-Fi to Your internet services and devices. Always subject to the correct use of this EULA by the User , Xiaomi grants the User a personal, non-transferable and non-exclusive license to use the Software in the Mi Router without the right to sublicense. The User can install, use, display and run the Software exclusively in the Mi Router . For the avoidance of any doubt, the Software is licensed to You under the terms of this EULA , not sold. You are not granted any rights in Xiaomi ´s or Cooperator ´s copyrights, trademarks or service marks. Xiaomi retains all and any rights not expressly granted to You in this Agreement . This Software cannot be installed on other terminal devices that are not expressly permitted by Xiaomi , including but not limited to set-top boxes, game consoles, televisions, DVD players and similar terminals. Should User fail to abide this Agreement , Xiaomi shall put an end to this license on the Software hereby granted to User and deactivate Your account. 3.2 Software Acquisition, Installation and Upgrading The User shall download and install the Software from the website [ www.apple.com or https://play.google.com/store ] or in the manner designated by Xiaomi . Be aware not to download the Software on unspecified websites, in order to prevent Your devices from getting infected by malicious programs that can destroy Your data and access Your personal data and privacy information.If You acquire the Software or the installation program from a third party that has not been authorized by Xiaomi , Xiaomi cannot guarantee it will be used normally and Xiaomi accepts no liability for any loss thereby caused to You . The User must select the Software version that matches the terminal device Mi Router purchased. Otherwise, any Software problems, device problems or damages resulting from mismatch between the Software version and the Mi Router model shall be solely borne by the User . In order to improve User experience and optimize service, Xiaomi reserves the right to provide and replace a modified and upgraded version of the Software , and also reserves the right to charge a fee for such replacement, modification or upgrading You will be informed previously and Xiaomi will obtain Your consent in advance for such charges. The Software will enable "upgrade prompt" feature by default for the User . Depending on the Software version used by the User , Xiaomi provides the User with the discretion to or not to enable the said feature. After the new version of the Software is released, Xiaomi does not guarantee that older versions of the Software will continue to be usable. 3.3 Other Conditions of Use User s undertake not to carry out illegal or illicit activities or activities contrary to good faith or public order. Likewise, they shall not engage in any conduct that may damage the image and rights of Xiaomi or its Cooperator s, or that may prevent normal use of the Mi Router or the Software or the services of third parties accessed through it. Our Mi Router and Software must be used in conjunction with third party services, including, but not limited to, the application market and the telecommunications market. You will be charged the related telecommunication service fees or the fees of some other service provider. We strongly encourage You to contact Your service providers for more information about the rates related to their services or any other information. The use of our Mi Router may be required to set up an account and a password for that account. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of Your account and password and for restricting access to Your computer, and You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under Your account or password. You also agree that any information You provide in setting up an account is truthful and accurate. Xiaomi will not be liable for any loss that You may incur as a result of someone else using Your password or account, either with or without Your knowledge. However You could be held liable for losses incurred by Xiaomi or another party due to someone else using Your account or password as a result of Your failure to keep Your password information secure and confidential. You may not use anyone else’s account at any time without the permission of the account holder. Xiaomi will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from Your failure to comply with these obligations. Xiaomi aims at providing highly reliable and available router services, however, the Mi Router and the Software , including remote access and mobile notifications, are not intended or guaranteed to be reliable or available 100% of the time. In addition, the router connection may be subject to sporadic interruptions and failures for reasons beyond Xiaomi ’s control, including but not limited to Wi-Fi intermittency, service provider uptime, mobile notifications and carriers. We cannot and do not guarantee that You will receive notifications or have access to the internet in any given time or at all. You acknowledge that the Mi Router and the Software are not certified for emergency response or intended or suitable for use in situations or environments where failure, delay or errors or inaccuracies in the data or information provided could lead to death, personal injury or severe physical or environmental damage, including without limitation in connection with the operation of nuclear facilities, aircraft navigation or communication systems, air traffic control, life support or weapons systems. YOU AGREE THAT YOU WILL NOT RELY ON THE MI ROUTER AND THE SOFTWARE FOR ANY LIFE SAFETY OR CRITICAL PURPOSES. ANY MOBILE NOTIFICATIONS REGARDING THE STATUS AND ALARMS ON YOUR XIAOMI PRODUCTS ARE PROVIDED FOR INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY. Xiaomi may invite You , or You may choose voluntarily, to submit comments, suggestions, or ideas about the Mi Router and the Software including how to improve them (“ Feedback ”). By submitting Feedback You agree that Your submissions are voluntary, gratuitous, unsolicited, non-confidential and without restriction and will not place Xiaomi under any fiduciary or other obligation.Xiaomi may freely use, copy, modify, publish, redistribute, or create derivative works from or based on the Feedback for any purpose and in any manner without any compensation or acknowledgement to You . You also agree that Xiaomi does not waive any rights to use similar or related ideas previously known to Xiaomi developed by its employees, or obtained from other sources. 3.4 System Requirements Mi Router and the Software may not be access internet services without: (i) a working Wi-Fi network in Your home that is positioned to communicate reliably with the applicable Mi Router ; (ii) mobile clients such as a supported phone or tablet (required for some functionality); (iv) always-on broadband Internet access in Your home; and (v) other system elements that may be specified by Xiaomi It is Your responsibility to ensure that You have all required system elements and that they are compatible and properly configured. You accept that the Mi Router and the Software may not work as described if the requirements and compatibility have not been met. 3.5 Limitation of User Rights User Rights are limited as follows: You shall not: - copy, alter or modify any data of the Software , or any data released to the Mi Router during the running of the Software and the interactive data generated between the User and the server during the running of the Software , or run the Software with plug-ins, or create any derivative work in any form, including but not limited to plug-ins, access to the Software and related systems through third-party tools/services. - copy the Software configuration except for a reasonable number of machine-readable copies of the Software for backup or archival purposes only, and except as expressly permitted in this Agreement . - Remove any titles, trademarks, service marks or trade names, copyright notices, legends, watermarks, or other proprietary markings on the Software ; - Sell, lease, license, sublicense, rent, assign, distribute or otherwise transfer in whole or in part the Software , the license or Your use rights in the Software to another party, including rights on a membership, subscription or hosted basis; - Modify or create derivative works based upon the Software ; - Decompile, disassemble, reverse engineer, or otherwise attempt to derive source code from the Software , in whole or in part; - Unbundle, break apart or repackage the Software or any of its component parts for any reason whatsoever; - Bundle or distribute the Software in any manner whatsoever; - Provide use of the Software in a third-party outsourcing facility on a service, service bureau arrangement, or time-sharing basis; - At any time provide an evaluation license to the Software to any other person or entity, or otherwise permit any other person or entity to evaluate the Software ; - Make any changes, modifications or alterations to the Agreement that is distributed by Xiaomi and/or Cooperator s with the Software ; or - Make any statements, warranties or representations concerning the Software or Sample Code that exceed or are inconsistent with the documentation provided by Xiaomi to You . 4. WEBSITES AND THIRD-PARTY SERVICES You understand and agree that our Services and the operation of the Mi Router and Software are based on technical support from third parties such as Android, or Google among others. You agree and consent that our Cooperator s may require You to obtain some of Your personal data from such third parties in the course of receiving technical or other support from them. Through the Mi Router and the Software You can access other third-party online services that are owned by third parties. These services offered by third parties do not fall within the scope of this EULA or our Privacy Policy . Third party services offered by third parties are governed by their respective Terms of Use and/or Privacy Policies for which Xiaomi is not responsible in any way. 5. OBLIGATIONS OF XIAOMI THE SERVICES OF XIAOMI AND ITS COOPERATOR S ARE PROVIDED "WITHOUT ENGAGEMENT" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, XIAOMI DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OTHER THAN THE WARRANTIES IMPLIED BY OPERATION OF LAW. WE DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE FUNCTIONS CONTAINED ON MI ROUTER OR ON THE SOFTWARE OR COOPERATOE S WILL NOT BE INTERRUPTIONS OR ERROR-FREE, OR THAT THE DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED OR THAT ANY OF THE SERVERS IN WHICH THEY ARE HOSTED ARE FREE OF VIRUSES AND OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. WE MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OF THE CONTENTS OF XIAOMI 'S SERVICES AND/OR ITS PARTNERS AS TO THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY OR ANY OTHER ASPECT.YOU ASSUME THE FULL COSTS OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICES, REPAIRS OR CORRECTIONS. Xiaomi and its Cooperator s will exercise due diligence in providing the Mi Router or the Software and keeping them as error-free as possible. Xiaomi accepts no liability whatsoever for losses not limited solely to our breach of the EULA . Nor shall Xiaomi be liable for any conduct or facts that are not reasonably controllable by us. 6. DISCLAIMER Xiaomi does not guarantee continued access, correct viewing, downloading or use of the elements and information contained on the Mi Router and website wherein the Software shall be accessible, that may be prevented, hindered or interrupted by factors or circumstances beyond its control. Xiaomi shall not take any legal responsibility and shall not be liable for any damages, losses, claims or expenses arising from: in the circumstances indicated below: - Xiaomi does not guarantee continued access, correct viewing, downloading or usefulness of the elements and information contained on the Website that may be prevented, hindered or interrupted by factors or circumstances beyond its control. - Any circumstance caused by suspension, breakdown, etc. resulting from computer piracy, virus invasion, or any other cause related to the management of network security, techniques, lines of communication and information; - Losses suffered by User s through the fault of third-parties, such as breakdowns in the communication line, technical problems, breakdowns in the network and in the computer, and other cases of force majeure; - Security or navigation errors caused by a malfunction of the browser or the use of outdated versions of it.- Illegitimate interference due to the use of malicious programs of any kind and through any means of communication, such as computer viruses or any other;- Interferences, interruptions, failures, omissions, telephone breakdowns, delays, blockages or disconnections in the operation of the electronic system, caused by deficiencies, overloads and errors in telecommunications lines and networks, or by any other cause beyond Xiaomi 's control. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL XIAOMI ITS AFFILIATES, ASSOCIATES, DEALERS, AGENTS OR SUPPLIERS OR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, LICENSORS AND ASSIGNS BE LIABLE FOR: 1.ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE TO Your HOME, HVAC SYSTEM, ELECTRICAL SYSTEM, PLUMBING, Your PRODUCT AND PERIPHERALS (WHETHER OR NOT CONNECTED TO A XIAOMI PRODUCT), COMPUTER, MOBILE DEVICE, AND ALL OTHER ITEMS AND PETS IN Your HOME; AND 2.ANY LOSSES WHICH (I) WERE NOT REASONABLY FORESEEABLE BY BOTH PARTIES; (II) WERE KNOWN TO YOU BUT NOT TO US; AND/OR (III) WERE REASONABLY FORESEEABLE BY BOTH PARTIES BUT COULD HAVE BEEN PREVENTED BY YOU SUCH AS, FOR EXAMPLE (BUT WITHOUT LIMITATION), LOSSES CAUSED BY VIRUSES, MALWARE OR OTHER MALICIOUS PROGRAMS, OR LOSS OF OR DAMAGE TO Your DATA. (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS OR REVENUE, FOR LOSS OF DATA, FOR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, FOR PERSONAL INJURY, FOR LOSS OF PRIVACY, FOR LOSS OF ABILITY TO USE ANY THIRD PARTY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES, FOR FAILURE TO MEET ANY DUTY INCLUDING OF GOOD FAITH OR OF REASONABLE CARE, FOR NEGLIGENCE; AND FOR ANY OTHER PECUNIARY OR OTHER LOSS WHATSOEVER, REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABLITY (CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THE MISUSE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR THE SERVICES, EVEN IF XIAOMI OR SUCH OTHER ENTITIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE TOTAL AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF BELKIN, ITS AFFILIATES, ASSOCIATES, DEALERS, AGENTS OR SUPPLIERS TO YOU FOR ALL DAMAGES EXCEED FIFTY EUROS (50€). THIS LIMITATION IS CUMULATIVE AND WILL NOT BE INCREASED BY THE EXISTENCE OF MORE THAN ONE INCIDENT OR CLAIM. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS WILL APPLY EVEN IF ANY WARRANTY OR REMEDY PROVIDED FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. NOTHING IN THIS SECTION SHALL LIMIT THE LIABILITY OF XIAOMI IN RELATION TO DEATH OR BODILY INJURIES. 7. PRIVACY POLICY All information provided by You will be governed by the terms of the Privacy Policy . The terms of the Privacy Policy form part of this Agreement and shall be binding at all times. The Privacy Policy can be found at http://www1.miwifi.com/app/privacy/new_20191230.html It is important for Xiaomi to protect Your personal data. In order to provide the Software features and improve User experience, Mi Router and the Software will collect certain types of data as written in our Privacy Policy , We collect, use and protect Your data in accordance with our Privacy Policy . The Privacy Policy is available on the following website. For any further information on our Privacy Policy , please do contact us at: privacy@ Xiaomi .com .8. CONFIDENTIALITY AND INTELLECTUAL AND INDUSTRIAL PROPERTY The Mi Router and the Software and any copies thereof are the exclusive intellectual property of Xiaomi and are therefore protected by copyright laws and international treaties as well as other intellectual property laws and treaties. The structure, organization and code of the Software are confidential information and are valuable trade secrets of Xiaomi . You agree that any disclosure by You of Xiaomi ´s confidential information will cause immediate, irreparable harm to Xiaomi and its Cooperator s for which equitable remedies, as well as any other available legal remedies, may be awarded by a court of competent jurisdiction. Except as expressly stated herein, Xiaomi does not grant You any intellectual property rights in or to the Software . All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Xiaomi . You hereby agree to maintain the confidentiality of the Software and the Mi Router , EULA and other intellectual property of Xiaomi using at least as great a degree of care as You use to maintain the confidentiality of Your own most confidential information and in no case less than reasonably prudent care. You agree to reasonably communicate the terms and conditions of this EULA to those persons employed by You who come into contact with the Software , and to use reasonable best efforts to ensure their compliance with such terms and conditions, including, without limitation, not knowingly permitting such persons to use any portion of the Software , and other intellectual property of Xiaomi for the purpose of deriving the source code of the Software or copying, defeating or otherwise circumventing codes and use authorizations or licenses. The User shall not infringe the intellectual property of Xiaomi , Cooperator s or third parties related to Mi Router and the Software . You may not upload, publish, change, disseminate or reproduce works whose intellectual or industrial property belongs to third parties without permission, or information or data owned by third parties, without the written consent of the owner. Graphics, words and composition involving MIUI and other Xiaomi logos appearing on Xiaomi products and services are registered trademarks of Xiaomi . You may not display or otherwise use them. In no event does the use of the Mi Router or the Software or the Cooperator s imply any waiver, transfer, license or assignment of all or part of such rights, unless expressly stated otherwise. The contents, texts, photographs, designs, logos, images, computer programs, source codes and, in general, any intellectual creation existing in the Mi Router or the Software and accessible through it, are protected as copyrights or as any other rights by legislation, including but not limited to the rules on intellectual or industrial property. Xiaomi or its Cooperator s is the owner or licensee of the elements that make up the Mi Router 's and/or Software graphic design, menus, navigation buttons, HTML code, texts, images, textures, graphics and any other part of the Software or, in any case, has the corresponding authorization for the use of such elements. The Software may not be reproduced in whole or in part, or transmitted, or recorded by any information retrieval system, in any form or in any medium other than hereby expressly granted, unless prior written permission is obtained from Xiaomi or its Cooperator s. You may not remove, circumvent, or tamper with any materials or items appearing on the Mi Router or its Software and whose rights belong to Xiaomi , or any technical protection devices or DRM. Xiaomi reserves the right to take legal action in defense of its intellectual and industrial property rights or any other rights. You retain ownership of any intellectual property rights that You hold in any content You submit by using Mi Router and Software . When You upload or otherwise submit content by using our Mi Router and Software You give Xiaomi and those we work with, a worldwide license to use, host, store, reproduce, modify, communicate and make available, or distribute such content. The rights You grant in this license are for the limited purpose of operating and improving our services, and to develop new ones. This license continues even if You stop using our Mi Router and Software . Do ensure You have the necessary rights to grant us this license for any content that You submit using our Mi Router and Software . If You would like access to Your content, or to change or delete Your content, please contact us. 9. TERMINATION Xiaomi may terminate this EULA immediately and without notice if You fail to comply with any term of this EULA . 9.1 Effect of Termination.In the event of termination You must destroy all copies of the Software and dispose of the Mi Router according to the recycling local legislation in force. In addition, You must remove the Software and all copies thereof, including all backup copies, from the Server and all computers and other media on which it is installed, stored or archived. If requested by Xiaomi , You shall provide Xiaomi with written certification that You have complied with these requirements. 10. APPLICABLE LAW The interpretation of the terms of this User Agreement , the effectiveness and dispute resolution, are applicable to the laws of the User ´s place of residence. In the event of a dispute or controversy between You and Xiaomi , we will first attempt to resolve it through friendly consultation. If the consultation does not end in Agreement You agree to submit the dispute to the courts of the User ´s place of residence. 11. INDEPENDENCE If any provision of this Agreement cannot be applied for any reason, they shall remain inapplicable without preventing the other provisions of this Agreement from remaining applicable. 12. INTEGRITY This Agreement (including the Privacy Policy ) constitutes the sole instrument governing the relationship between You and Xiaomi with respect to any matter relating to Your use of the Mi Router and the Software . The title of each paragraph is written for ease of reading only and has no legal or contractual obligations. Revised December 2019Mi WiFi Privacy Policy Our Privacy Policy was updated on 2019 December 30, 2019. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy policy and let us know if you have any questions. Introduction Xiaomi Wi-Fi is an application provided by Xiaomi Inc. and its affiliates (hereinafter “Xiaomi” or “we/us”) for Mi Router management, network device management, Wi-Fi management and other services. We greatly value your privacy. This Privacy Policy is a statement and commitment to privacy made by Xiaomi Wi-Fi, and is an important part of the Xiaomi Privacy Policy. Where any inconsistencies exist between Xiaomi Wi-Fi special agreements and the Xiaomi Privacy Policy, this Privacy Policy shall prevail; where not provided in this Privacy Policy, the Xiaomi Privacy Policy shall prevail. In particular, regarding the agreements on “Minor Information Protection, Security Measures, Cross-border Transmission,” it is recommended that you read the” Xiaomi Privacy Policy in detail. This Privacy Policy is designed with you in mind, and it is important that you have a comprehensive understanding of our personal information collection and usage practices, and ultimately have control of any personal information provided to us. This Privacy Policy governs how we collect, use, disclose, process and store the information you provide to us when using our Xiaomi Wi-Fi. “Personal information” under this Privacy Policy means information that can be used to identify a particular individual, either from that information alone or through association with other information. We will use this information in strict accordance with this Privacy Policy. Ultimately, we want to give users the best experience possible. Should you have any concerns with our personal information handling practices as summarized in this Privacy Policy, please contact us by emailing privacy@xiaomi.com to address your specific concerns. We are extremely grateful for your feedback. I. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND HOW IS IT USED? (i) You must authorize us to collect and use your personal information The purpose of collecting personal information is to provide services and/or products to you, and to ensure that we comply with applicable laws, regulations and other normative documents. You have the right to select whether or not to provide this information, however in most cases, should you not provide it, we may not be able to provide you with the appropriate services or respond to your issues. These functions include: 1.Functions necessary to manage and control the Mi router （1） Mi Router configuration In order to configure the Mi Router that provides you with Xiaomi Wi-Fi services, we may collect your Mi Account information, location information, device and account binding relationship, device identification information, configured Mi Router information and hardware and system information. Of which, your location information is used to obtain Wi-Fi info (Android 6.0 and above, must have location permission in order to obtain Wi-Fi info and Bluetooth use permissions) and determine the device’s connected server and default language. Configured Mi Router information will be used to confirm device type, activation and active status, determine the software functions included in the activation process, and identify the SSID used for binding with the device. Also for counting the number of device activation and activation. We will also use your aforementioned personal information in order to continue improving and optimizing the aforementioned functions. The above various information types are listed in detail as follows: · DEvice identification information: IMEI OAID, MAC address, Android ID IDFA and IP. · Configured Mi Router information: Information related to your Mi Router. Includes Mi Router activation status, binding status, active status, sharing status, model, system version, MAC address, device SN, device ID, country code, and router location. · Hardware and system information: LED light on off status, USB 3.0 on off status, default time zone, default date, default time, firmware version number and default language. （2） Identify and display devices connected to the Mi Router In order to provide management functions of the Mi Router, we may collect any or all information including network information, terminal device information, location information and hard drive information. Relevant Mi Router related information is used to identify the divice and provide corresponding functions and processes for every network device. For example, based on activation statusthe router will confirm whether to enter into initialization procedures; based on binding status, the router will confirm whether to bind with the Mi account; based on country code, the router will set the default time and language; and based on system version, the router will provide corresponding functions.Meanwhile, this portion of data may also be used for local router management and in-app displays of Xiaomi Wi-Fi, enabling you tomanage your network. Network SSID and encrypted passwords in the network information, as well as index information in the hard drive information may be used to provide remote access services. During remote access to your router, data may be transmitted via our servers to your device. Such data is encrypted and not stored on our servers. The above various information types are listed in detail as follows: · Network information: Information related to your network status. It includes network SSID, access mode, gateway address, upload and download speed of WAN port, encryption mode, Wi-Fi channel, non plaintext password, MU-MIMO on off status, 2.4G/5G band on off status and VPN configuration information (if the user has configured relevant information). · Device information: Information of device connected to the network. Includes device connection status and timing, device name, IP address, MAC address, device type, device brand, connection type, signal strength, noise strength, upload and download speeds and throughput, maximum upload and download speeds, guest Wi-Fi ID information, guest network connect and disconnect time, operating system, device online duration and frequency of Wi-Fi connections made; in addition, bandwidth usage ratio and duration will be reported when the device exceeds a certain threshold. · Location information: Information related to your location. Includes country code, GPS positioning (if granted permission), default time zone, default date, default time and default language. · Hard disk information: if your Mi router is connected to a hard drive, or has a self-contained hard disk, we will collect information related to the hard drive. Includes a summary of stored files, specifically the total size, file count and index information. If you have activated the photo backup function (see below), we may also collect a summary of your backed up photo files, specifically the total size, photo count and index information. （3） Push notifications In order to provide push notifications for your Mi Router, we may collect your Mi Account, terminal device information, disk information and network information to provide you with message push services. Push services cover terminal device online alters, new software update alerts, backup behavior alert, channel switch alerts, permission sharing alerts, system error alerts, device report alerts and function recommendations. （4） Application update In order to allow you to continue enjoying Xiaomi Wi-Fi services, we will provide you with application updates. During this function, we may collect the router name and system version information to display to you the version information and update functions of the device. （5） Firewall settings We can provide you with firewall settings for your Mi Router. In order to use this function, we may collect your firewall level settings, network blacklist and whitelist and the MAC address of devices that have been blocked and experienced access failure, used to demonstrate the firewall effects and realize firewall functions. Please be assured that this information is stored locally on the Mi Router and will not be stored in the cloud. （6） Wi-Fi speed testing and optimization: We will read information such as download speeds, upload speeds, network delays, mobile network security status, Wi-Fi channel status, noise strength, channel throughput, download task status, upload status and signal strength. This information will be used to assess and display Wi-Fi quality, download status, upload status and signal strength. Please be assured that this information is read locally and will not be stored in the cloud. （7） Quality of service (QoS): We provide QoS functions. When you turn on the QoS functions, we may collect information such as bandwidth information, upload and download speeds, the type of speed limit you set (such as game priority) and the upload and download speed limit you set. This information will be used for intelligent speed distribution and speed limits. （8） Regular visitor Wi-Fi: We support the set-up of a Wi-Fi subnet that is specifically for visitors. If you set up visitor Wi-Fi, the supported device will connect to the subnet as a visitor, thereby distinguishing it from the primary network. In order to enable this function, we may collect the function on/off status, network SSID, encryption status, encrypted passwords and network terminal information that you have set. This information will be used to provide visitor Wi-Fi and network device display functions. （9） Wi-Fi timer, scheduled reboot: For better Xiaomi Wi-Fi service, we support setting Wi-Fi timer and scheduled reboot. When you turn on these functions, we may collect your Wi-Fi reboot time in order to enable you to set the Wi-Fi timer and/or reboot.（10） Photo Backup: When you use the hard drive version of the Mi Router, or an external hard drive to the router, we provide Photo Backup to the router. When you authorize storage permissions and turn on syncing photos with router automatically, we may collect drive status, operating action information, photo index information, picture size, backup date and most recent backup time to determine whether the router has a storage device, to display the backup status and information and to provide you with Photo Backup. （11） Hard drive storage: When you use the hard drive version of the Mi Router, or an external hard drive to the router, we may also collect hard drive-related information in order to provide you with hard drive storage. Includes a summary of stored files, specifically the total size, file counts and index information, as well as a summary of backed up photo files (if using Photo Backup), specifically the total size, file counts and index information. This information will be used to provide you with the ability to view and manage your hard drive information. （12） Router sharing: When this function is turned on, we will collect the sharing status and shared account information of your Mi Router, enabling users to provide you with sharing functions while also giving you the ability to control your sharing and view the sharing status of your router. （13） Router backup: When this function is turned on, we will upload your router configuration information to the cloud in order to back up your router configuration. Router configuration information uploaded to the cloud includes: Device model, MAC address, device SN, device country code, system version number, network SSID and password. （14） Feedback: In order to locate and resolve the issue you've encountered faster, we may collect the following data: the description of the issue, attached screenshots, your phone number and email address, models of your router and phone, system versions, Mi WiFi app version, your region. 2.Necessary features to ensure Wi-Fi security In order to improve the security of your system when using our products and/or services and guard against hackers or unauthorized access, we will collect your environmental characteristics value (ECV) (i.e., from the Mi Account, connected Wi-Fi account and geographic location information) to verify the identity of the user. (ii) You fully understand that we do not require your consent to collect and use personal information in the following situations: 1.Situations related to national security and national defense security; 2.Situations related to public safety, public health, and major public interest; 3.Situations related to criminal investigations, lawsuits, trials, and execution of judgments; 4.Situations in which it is difficult to obtain personal consent for the purpose of protecting the life, property and other material and legitimate rights of the personal information subject or other individuals; 5.Situations in which the personal information collected is disclosed by the personal information subject to the public; 6.Situations in which personal information is collected from legitimately and publicly disclosed information, such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosures and other channels; 7.Situations in which it is necessary for entering into a contract according to your requirements; 8.Situations in which it is necessary to protect the secure and stable operation of the products and or services provided, such as failure to discover and dispose of products and or services; 9.Situations in which it is required for legitimate news reporting; 10.Situations in which an academic research institution conducts statistical or academic research based on public interests; where providing the results of academic research or descriptions externally, the personal information contained in the results shall be anonymized; (iii) Non-personal information We may also collect other information that does not identify a particular individual (i.e., information that does not fall under personal information), such as statistical data generated when you use a particular service, including device-related information, function module clicks and push notification alerts or clicks. Such information is collected in order to improve the services we provide to you. The type and amount of information collected will depend on how you use our products and/or services. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, aggregated data is considered non-personal information. If we use non-personal information in combination with personal information, such information will be treated as personal information during the combined use. II. RETENTION POLICY We retain personal information for the period of time necessary for the purpose of information collection as described in this Privacy Policy, or for compliance with applicable laws.After the purpose of personal information collection has been achieved, after we confirm your application for deletion or cancellation, or after we terminate the operation of the corresponding product or service, we will cease the retention of information and delete or anonymize it. If in the public interest, for scientific or historical research or statistical purposes, we will continue to retain relevant data based on applicable laws, even if further processing is incompatible with the original purpose. III. YOUR RIGHTS (i) Control settings We recognize that privacy concerns differ from person to person. Therefore, we provide some examples of the various ways Xiaomi Wi-Fi enables you to choose to restrict the collection, use, disclosure or processing of your personal information and control your privacy settings: · Toggle on/off permissions to location access, read contacts, access mobile accounts, read and write phone storage and read application list; · Log in or log out of your Mi Account; · Bind/unbind your Mi Router; · Toggle on/off automatic backup of photos on your phone. If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for the abovementioned purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to us or emailing us at privacy@xiaomi.com. (ii) Your rights to your personal information Depending on the national or regional laws and regulations that apply to you, you have the right to request access to, corrections of and removal of any personal information we hold about you (hereinafter the “Request”). You may access and change details relating to the personal information in your Mi Account at http://account.mi.com or by logging into your account on your device. For additional information, please write to us or contact us at the email address below. Email: privacy@xiaomi.com . Most laws require that Requests from personal information subjects be subject to specific requirements. This Privacy Policy requires that your Request be consistent with the following: · For the protection of your information security, your Request should be made through our dedicated Request channel in writing (unless local law explicitly recognizes verbal application); · Provide sufficient information to enable us to verify your identity and ensure that the requester is the subject of the Request or legal licensor of the requested information; Once we obtain sufficient information and confirm we can accommodate your Request, we shall proceed to respond to your request within the time frame set out under your applicable data protection legislation. In particular: · A copy of your personal information record collected and processed by us will be provided to you free of charge upon your Request and as provided in applicable laws. For any additional Requests for the same information, we may charge a reasonable fee according to relevant laws and based on actual administrative costs. · If you believe that any information we hold about you is incorrect or incomplete, you may Request that your personal information be corrected or made complete based on the purpose of use. · Depending on the applicable laws and regulations, you may have the right to Request we delete your personal data. We shall consider the grounds regarding your deletion Request and take reasonable steps, including technical measures, if the corresponding regulations are satisfied. After you delete the information (or are assisted by us in deleting the information), we may not be able to immediately remove the information from the backup system due to applicable laws and security technologies. We will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until the backup can be cleared or information anonymized. We have the right to refuse to process Requests that are not substantive or meaningful, repetitive requests, requests that harm the privacy of others, extremely unrealistic requests, and requests for disproportionate technical work, as well as Requests that do not have to be granted in accordance with local laws, Requests for confidential information that has been made public, and information given under confidential conditions. If we believe that certain aspects of the Request to delete or access data may result in our inability to legally use the data for the aforementioned anti-fraud and security purposes, it may also be rejected. (iii) Withdrawal of consent · You may withdraw your consent for the collection, use, and or disclosure of your personal information in our possessionor control by submitting a request in the APP by going to “Router Settings > User Agreement & Privacy Agreement”. We will process your request within a reasonable time once it has been made, and depending on your request we will not collect, use and or disclose your personal information from that point on. · Please note that your withdrawal of consent will result in certain legal consequences.Depending on the extent to which you authorize us to handle your personal information, it may affect your enjoyment of Xiaomi’s products or services. However, your decision to withdraw your consent or authorization will not affect the previous processing of personal information based on your authorization. (iv) Cancellation of services or account If you want to cancel specific products or services, you can send an email to privacy@xiaomi.com. If you want to cancel your Mi Account, please do so with caution as canceling your Mi Account will prevent you from using the full range of products and services offered by Xiaomi. In order to protect the legitimate rights of yourself or others, we will determine whether to honor your cancellation request in conjunction with your use of Xiaomi’s products and services. For example, if there are outstanding installments, we cannot immediately honor your request. IV. CONTACT US If you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy or any questions relating to Xiaomi’s collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information, please contact us at the address below referencing “Privacy Policy”. We have a professional team to resolve your issues when it comes to requests for rights and questions regarding your personal information. If your issue involves more serious matters, we may ask you to provide further information. If you are not satisfied with the response received, you may transfer the complaint to the relevant regulatory authority in your jurisdiction. If you consult us, we will provide information on the relevant complaint channels that may be applicable based on your actual situation. Xiaomi Singapore Pte. Ltd. 20 Cross Street, China Court #02-12 Singapore 048422 Email: privacy@xiaomi.com