Notice of Personal Information Data Collection For applicants, employees, and/or contractors of Sacramento River Cats Baseball Club, LLC ("Company") who are California residents, we provide you with this Notice of Personal Information Data Collection ("Notice") to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA") and other applicable California privacy laws. The Notice discloses the categories of personal information the Company collects and outlines the purpose for the collection of such information. The Company may collect the categories of personal information as summarized in the table below. Personal information does not include:  Publicly available information from government records.  De-identified or aggregated consumer information. Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, such as: o health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA") and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act ("CMIA") or clinical trial data; o personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act ("FRCA"), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act ("GLBA") or California Financial Information Privacy Act ("FIPA"), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994. Sources of Personal Information Collected All of the categories of personal information the Company collects about you (as detailed below) come from you or your representatives, or from Company vendors, third-party service providers, and others for whom you have provided your personal information and authorized its release. Categories of Personal Information Collected For purposes of this Notice, "personal information" under the CCPA, includes information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household or device ("personal {3008938.DOCX;} 1 | P a g e information"). In particular, the Company collects some or all the following information in the following categories of personal information: Category Examples Collected [Insert YES or NO] A. Identifiers. A name, signature, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number or state identification card number, passport number, telephone number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, job applications, resumes, reference checks, background checks, interview notes, candidate evaluation records, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. B. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law. Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information). C. Commercial information. Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. D. Biometric information. Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, sleep, temperature, health, or exercise data. E. Internet or other similar network activity. Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. F. Geolocation data. Physical location or movements. G. Sensory data. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information. {3008938.DOCX;} 2 | P a g e H. Professional or employment-related information. I. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)). Current or past job history or performance evaluations. Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records. J. Inferences drawn from other personal information. Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.Purposes for Company's Use of Personal Information The Company uses the collected personal information under the above categories for one or more of the following purposes:  Pre-employment verification.  Performing background checks. Interview and travel coordination.  Payroll.  Benefit enrollment and administration.  Enable user logins.  Reporting for security, cost tracking, and user verification. In connection with various affirmative action plans. In connection with veteran reporting. In connection with EE01 reporting.  Employee verification and time clocks. {3008938.DOCX;} 3 | P a g e  Workplace health and safety.  To administer and manage employee performance.  To promote the Company and/or individual employees through print and online advertisements as well as social media promotion.  Compliance with state and federal law requiring employers to maintain certain records.  Such other uses that the Company notifies applicants, employees, and/or contractors about before collecting personal information. Disclosure and Protection The Company does not sell personal information to third parties. The Company will, when necessary, disclose personal information to: (1) comply with federal, state, or local laws; (2) to comply with a civil, criminal, or regulatory inquiry, investigation, subpoena, or summons by federal, state, or local authorities; (3) to administer employee benefits with a third-party service provider; (4) to cooperate with law enforcement agencies concerning conduct or activity that the business, service provider, or third party reasonably and in good faith believes may violate federal, state, or local law; (5) as requested and authorized by the particular individual whose personal information is to be disclosed; and (6) to exercise or defend legal claims. The Company will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without first providing notice to the individual. The Company will take reasonable steps to secure and protect the personal information it collects so as to protect the privacy interests of the individual. Changes to Our Data Collection Practice The Company's practices of collecting personal information may be revised periodically and if and when they are, the Company will provide a revised version of this Notice. Questions about this Notice should be directed to Isabella Guedes. / / / / / / / / / {3008938.DOCX;} 4 | P a g e / / / / / / {3008938.DOCX;} 5 | P a g e2020 TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF CREDENTIALS FOR MINOR LEAGUE BASEBALL EVENTS The term "Event" as used herein includes, but is not limited to, any exhibition, regular season or post season game. Each individual or entity signing for or using a credential, and his/her/its employers (each signer, user and employer, a "Bearer"), agrees to the following: 1. Each Bearer represents that he or she is acting on specific assignment for a newspaper, press, news or photographic service and that Bearer is authorized to bind himself or herself and any entity or entities with which he or she is affiliated to these terms and conditions. 2. The use of any account, description, picture, photograph, video, audio, reproduction or other information concerning an Event (the "Event Information") other than for news coverage of, or magazines, books or stories about the Events, or for First Amendment-protected purposes, is prohibited, except (a) by prior written consent of the President of The National Association of Professional Baseball Leagues, Inc. ("NAPBL") or (b) as specifically licensed by Paragraph 6 below. Nothing in these terms and conditions authorizes Bearer to violate the Baseball Entities' trademarks, copyrights and other proprietary rights. The Baseball Entities are the exclusive owners of, and expressly reserve all rights in, their trademarks, copyrights and other proprietary rights in their names, logos, mascots and uniform designs. 3. While an Event is in progress, Bearer shall not transmit or aid in transmitting any Event Information on a play-by-play or pitch-by-pitch basis more frequently than once every half-inning of play except to report on a significantly historic and newsworthy event. This limitation shall not apply to internal transmissions between the Bearer and Bearer's employer. 4. While an Event is in progress Bearer shall not transmit, display or aid in displaying any video, audio, pictures, photographs or other non-text based accounts or descriptions of the Event that Bearer obtains at that Event in any media, except this limitation shall not apply to internal transmissions between the Bearer attending the Events and such Bearer's employer. The foregoing limitation shall not preclude the on-line transmission or display of up to seven still pictures or photographs of any Event during its progress; provided, however, that under no circumstances may Bearer display any more than seven still pictures or photographs of any Event during its progress. 5. Bearer assumes all risks incidental to the performance by the Bearer of Bearer's services in connection with an Event and assumes all risks incidental to an Event, whether occurring prior to, during or subsequent to the actual playing of the Event, including, but not limited to, the risk of being injured by bats or fragments thereof, and thrown or batted balls, and agrees that the NAPBL, Professional Baseball Promotion Corp., all member Leagues and Clubs of the NAPBL, Major League Baseball, the Baseball Office of the Commissioner, and all of their constituent clubs, and all of their respective owners, shareholders, affiliated entities, stadium owners and managers, partners, agents, officers, directors, players and other employees (collectively, the "Baseball Entities") shall not be liable for damages including, without limitation, damages for injuries or loss of or damage to personal property or equipment. 6. PICTURES AND PHOTOGRAPHS: The credential confers on Bearer a limited, non-exclusive and non-transferable license to take pictures and photographs of an Event, and to allow the entity that engaged the Bearer to use them only for news coverage of, or magazines, books or stories about the Event, other editorial purposes, and reprints of news pages from such entity's publications, provided that such use is not likely to create, or does not actually create, confusion in the minds of the trade or public that reprints or elements therein, or the items on which they are reprinted, are sponsored or endorsed by, or affiliated with, any of the Baseball Entities, or that any of the Baseball Entities licensed Bearer to use their trademark or copyrights. In exchange for the access granted by the credential, the Baseball Entities shall have the right to purchase prints of any published pictures or photographs taken by the Bearer in connection with the credential at the best financial terms offered to third parties, and such Baseball Entities shall be licensed at no additional charge to use the pictures or photographs for news coverage and promotional purposes. Except as specifically licensed herein, the Baseball Entities maintain that separate consent is required to transmit, offer to sell, or sell, any pictures or photographs featuring their respective trademarks, names, logos, uniform designs, copyrights or other proprietary rights for commercial purposes, including in third party advertisements or promotions, or on posters, T-shirts or other consumer products. 7.AUTOGRAPHS: The use of the credential for the purpose of obtaining autographs is strictly prohibited. Seeking or obtaining autographs from any player, personnel, public figure or other individual within or adjacent to the ballpark shall subject Bearer to the immediate and permanent revocation of Bearer's credential. 8. THE CREDENTIAL IS NOT TRANSFERABLE AND MAY BE REVOKED AT ANY TIME WITHOUT CAUSE. 9. While within the ballpark, Bearer shall at all times be subject to the direction and/or supervision of the Club and its designated agents or employees. 10. Bearer shall obtain all necessary licenses, consents or releases permitting the use of any party's proprietary material, including, but not limited to, any party's copyrights, trademarks, rights of publicity, rights of privacy or other proprietary or personal rights, however denominated, included in any photograph taken or other material obtained in connection with the credential. The Bearer is solely responsible for determining which licenses, consents and releases shall be obtained. Bearer shall indemnify, defend (if requested) and hold harmless the Baseball Entities against and from any and all claims, liability, loss, damage or expense (including reasonable attorneys' fees and expenses) against third party claims arising out of or relating to: (a) Bearer's use of any Event Information taken or obtained in connection with the credential, including, without limitation, any claim that use of such Event Information infringes any third party's copyrights, trademarks, rights of publicity, rights of privacy or other proprietary rights, however denominated; (b) Bearer's acts or omissions; (c) the presence on the premises of any cameras, wires, cable or other equipment brought thereon by Bearer; and (d) Bearer's breach of any term of the credential. 11. In the event that the name or the likeness of any individual using this credential is included in any broadcast, telecast, photograph, film, video or other media taken in connection with an Event, such individual grants the Baseball Entities the non-exclusive, transferable, perpetual right and license to use (and to sub-license the use of) such name and likeness in any media worldwide whether now known or hereafter devised. NOTE: Please have each individual from your organization who will use the credential print and sign their name and add email address on the back. __________________ Name (Print) __________________ Signature __________________ _______________________ Affiliation Email addressUSA Baseball Code of Conduct Policy Policy Name: Code of Conduct Policy Date of Issuance: 11/04/2020 Policy Owner: Ethics Committee (Chair - George Grande; ethics@usabaseball.com) Key Contacts: USA Baseball's outside Legal Counsel (Karen Gaunt; Karen.Gaunt@dinsmore.com / 513-977-8503) and USA Baseball's Senior Director of Education and Athlete Safety, Lauren Rhyne (laurenrhyne@usabaseball.com / 919-474-8721 x 211) Applies to: USA Baseball Employees, Members, BOD, Officers, Athletes, National Team Coaches, and Contractors Purpose: To define the tenets by which the people who work for, or on behalf of, USA Baseball shall conduct themselves consistent with USA Baseball's mission and core values. Policy Statement: 1. Introduction The United States Olympic & Paralympic Committee ("USOPC") supports United States Olympic and Paralympic athletes in achieving sustained competitive excellence and preserving the Olympic ideals, and thereby inspiring Americans. The USOPC accomplishes this mission through its commitment to: Honesty, integrity, and trustworthiness in all dealings. Respect for the rights, differences, and dignity of others. Accountability and transparency. Stewardship of the Olympic Movement. USA Baseball has adopted this Code of Conduct to support these values and with the expectation that the people who work for, or on behalf of, USA Baseball conduct themselves consistent with USA Baseball's and the USOPC's mission, these core values, rules, policies and procedures, in accordance with state or country laws as applicable. 2. Applicability This Code of Conduct applies to all USA Baseball Employees, Members, Board of Directors, Officers, Athletes, National Team Coaches, and Contractors. 3. Reporting Obligations No code of conduct can address every situation, nor can it take the place of good judgment and integrity. USA Baseball maintains an "open door" for anyone who has questions or concerns. USA Baseball will support all efforts to comply with this Code of Conduct. If you need advice or assistance concerning the application of any aspect of these standards, consult your supervisor or manager, or the Ethics Committee or USA Baseball's outside Legal Counsel. You are expected to seek advice and clarification promptly when you are uncertain about proper actions or practices. You should be alert and sensitive to situations that could result in unethical, illegal or improper actions. You have an obligation to report potential or actual violations of this Code of Conduct to your supervisor or manager, or the Ethics Committee, or USA Baseball's outside Legal Counsel, or any other designated reporting authority identified by USA Baseball. Under no circumstances will an individual be subject to any disciplinary or retaliatory action for filing, in good faith, a report of a violation or potential violation of the Code of Conduct. However, filing known false or malicious reports will not be tolerated, and anyone filing such reports will be subject to appropriate disciplinary action. 4. Resolution The process for resolving potential code of conduct violations can be found in Section 11.9 of the USA Baseball Bylaws. 5. Legal Compliance USA Baseball requires that you follow the Code of Conduct and abide by all applicable USA Baseball policies and procedures; United States federal, state and local law as applicable, including the Ted Stevens Olympic and Amateur Sports Act, codified at 36 U.S.C. §§ 22501 - 22529; and foreign law as applicable. If you ever encounter a conflict of law, such as a conflict between United States and foreign law, or have any questions about the legality of any action, contact the Ethics Committee, or USA Baseball's outside Legal Counsel for further information and guidance. 6. Commitment to Integrity USA Baseball is committed to honesty and integrity as the cornerstone of our activities. In turn, USA Baseball expects you to conduct yourself in an ethical and legal manner as a representative of USA Baseball. This requires that you: Know, understand and comply with all applicable laws, regulations and codes of conduct. Ensure that all USA Baseball work and transactions are handled with honesty and recorded Respect the rights of all individuals to fair treatment and equal opportunity, free from discrimination or harassment of any type, including, without limitation discrimination on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, disability, gender identity, age, national origin, pregnancy, childbirth or related medical conditions, genetic information, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected under applicable federal, state, or local law. accurately. customers. reputation of USA Baseball and act accordingly. Never use USA Baseball assets or information for personal gain.Recognize that even the appearance of misconduct or impropriety can be very damaging to the Protect information that belongs to USA Baseball, our workers, volunteers, members and USA Baseball recognizes that wagering on Olympic, Paralympic, USOPC-sanctioned events, USA Baseball national team games, USA Baseball events and on athletes where they are participating in those events, for example sports book bets and fantasy sports programs that have the possibility of valuable winnings ("Olympic Wagering"), is legal and regulated in the State of Nevada and in a number of foreign jurisdictions. At the same time, it is critical to the avoidance of actual and/or apparent conflicts of interest and to the overall integrity of the Olympic Movement that no person involved in the Movement promote, support, or otherwise engage in Olympic Wagering. Thus you must at all times refrain from directly or indirectly: Engaging in wagering on Olympic, USA Baseball national team games and USA Baseball events; Promoting wagering on Olympic, USA Baseball national team games and USA Baseball events; Facilitating or otherwise supporting wagering on Olympic, USA Baseball national team games and USA Baseball events; involved in wagering on Olympic, USA Baseball national team games and USA Baseball events; or Olympic, USA Baseball national team games and USA Baseball events Knowingly sharing confidential athlete, team, or competition information with a person or entity Attempting to influence the course or result of any competition in connection with wagering on If anyone approaches you about engaging in items 2-5 above, you have an obligation to disclose this, as set out in Section 3 above. Additionally, any type of sexual, emotional or physical abuse is intolerable and unacceptable to USA Baseball and is in direct conflict with Olympic ideals. USA Baseball is committed to ensuring that its employees, volunteers, board members, committee and task force members, and member organizations promote an environment free from such abuse; and such commitment extends not only to USA Baseball's workplace, but also to the creation of safe sporting environments for all athletes and participants. To that end, USA Baseball forbids any form of sexual, emotional or physical abuse, whether in the workplace or outside it, and including instances involving athletes and participants. You have a duty to report any alleged sexual, emotional or physical abuse occurring in the workplace or at any USA Baseball supported training or activity to, as applicable, relevant law enforcement, the Ethics Committee, the U.S. Center for SafeSport, USA Baseball's Senior Director of Education and Athlete Safety, other executive team member or USA Baseball's outside Legal Counsel. 7. Ethics Program USA Baseball has established an independent Ethics Committee who reports jointly to the Chair of the Ethics Committee and the CEO or his/her designee. The Chair of the Ethics Committee will monitor ethics reports and conduct ethics education at USA Baseball. 8. Conflicts of Interest USA Baseball has instituted a Conflict of Interest Policy that requires that any conflicts of interest, whether actual or apparent, be reported promptly to the Ethics Chair. A copy of the Conflict of Interest Policy may be found on the Governance page of the USA Baseball's website. You are subject to the conflict of interest policy, including its mandatory reporting of conflicts. In addition, all USA Baseball employees and Board members are required to complete an annual conflict of interest disclosure and certification. A conflict of interest arises when you have an interest in, obligation to, or relationship with any business, property, or person that could affect your judgment in fulfilling your responsibilities to USA Baseball. You are expected to refrain from any activity or investment that constitutes, or might appear to constitute, a conflict of interest. You are also required to disclose to the Ethics Committee any outside activity, relationship or investment in which you are involved or may become involved that is, or has the potential for appearing to be, a conflict of interest. If you require guidance in this area, your supervisor, the Ethics Committee Chair or USA Baseball's outside Legal Counsel should be consulted. For example, you are not to have a material holding in, or a professional affiliation with, an organization or affiliate with which USA Baseball does business or with which USA Baseball competes, except as prescribed by USA Baseball rules and policies and with the knowledge and approval of the Ethics Committee. You may not use your position at the USA Baseball to benefit yourself, your relatives, friends or your private enterprises. A family or other personal relationship with a USA Baseball member, vendor, or competitor also may present a conflict of interest.You must disclose to the Ethics Committee Chair any outside activity, relationship or investment in which you are involved or may become involved that is, or has the potential for appearing to be, a conflict of interest. The Ethics Chair will consult with the full Ethics Committee as appropriate. If you have any question about whether something may constitute a conflict, it is suggested that you seek guidance from your supervisor, the Ethics Committee, or USA Baseball's outside Legal Counsel. 9. Personal Use of Organization Resources It is the responsibility of each of you to protect and preserve USA Baseball's resources. USA Baseball resources include such things as company time, materials, supplies (including food), equipment (including vehicles), information, electronic mail and computer systems, facilities and other property. These resources are provided to you to fulfill USA Baseball's mission and work and are to be maintained and used for authorized USA Baseball-related purposes only. The use of USA Baseball resources for personal financial gain is strictly prohibited except where expressly authorized. You should consult the Employee Handbook for further details. If you have a question about use of any USA Baseball resources, you should contact your supervisor. You should report any improper use of USA Baseball resources to your supervisor or manager, the Ethics Committee and/or USA Baseball's outside Legal Counsel. USA Baseball also has a Gift and Entertainment Policy that applies to giving and receiving any type of entertainment or gifts in connection with your work with USA Baseball or its member organizations. The Gift and Entertainment Policy also covers gifts to U.S. state, and local government employees. You should consult the Gift and Entertainment Policy, and if necessary obtain permission pursuant to the policy, before giving or receiving any entertainment or gifts. A copy of the Gift and Entertainment Policy may be found on the Governance page of the USA Baseball's website. 10. USA Baseball Information You are each responsible for the integrity and accuracy of organization documents, communications and financial records. All financial information must reflect actual transactions and conform to generally accepted accounting principles. It is a violation of the Code of Conduct to alter or falsify information, including any record or document, to intentionally make a false or exaggerated statement or claim to anyone, or to mislead anyone. Anyone having concerns regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters should report their concerns to the Audit Committee and USA Baseball's outside Legal Counsel. USA Baseball's information assets are valuable to the organization, and it is USA Baseball policy that all USA Baseball representatives must diligently protect this information from loss, theft, inadvertent or unauthorized disclosure or misuse. It is essential that everyone do their part to protect USA Baseball information, whether stored in computers, files or elsewhere. You must not discuss with or disclose to any unauthorized persons inside or outside USA Baseball any information that is confidential or not publicly available. USA Baseball business should not be discussed with unauthorized persons. You should be careful about discussing USA Baseball information and activities in the presence of, or within hearing distance of, unauthorized personnel. You should also not seek or accept any information to which you and USA Baseball are not legitimately entitled, regardless of the source. Your obligations to maintain the confidentiality and protection of USA Baseball information does not end even if your employment or other relationship with the USA Baseball may end. 11. Intellectual Property USA Baseball protects the ownership of its intellectual property as set forth in the Employee Handbook. In addition, you should contact USA Baseball's Ethics Committee regarding any anticipated use of intellectual property that does or may belong to someone else. 12. Code of Conduct Policy Lead Ethics Committee Chair, George Grande (ethics@usabaseball.com) can be contacted with any questions about this policy. For Athletes With Questions Regarding This Code of Conduct Policy: The Athlete Ombudsman provides cost-free, independent and confidential advice regarding athlete rights; resolving disputes or grievances; and any sport rule, policy, or process, including NGB-athlete agreements, codes of conduct or team selection procedures. The Athlete Ombudsman can also help athletes connect with legal counsel or mental health resources if needed. Athletes may contact the Athlete Ombudsman at: PHONE: (719) 866-5000 EMAIL: ombudsman@usathlete.org WEBSITE: www.usathlete.org