Privacy policy This Statement of Privacy applies to the Monkeybrains website and to customers using our service. Monkeybrains is opposed to sharing customer information and internet usage with third-party companies such as advertisers, network monitoring companies, SEO companies, etc. Data we do collect We collect and retain user account information (such as name, address, email address, Twitter handle, etc) for internal service, support, and billing. For networking and support issues we also log other information (such as mac address, DHCP lease information) but delete these logs at regular intervals. All of this information is considered private and is not shared with third parties other than as listed in other sections of this policy. Static IPs If a business or residential customer receives static IP address(es), some of their personal information may be visible in reverse DNS records and 'whois' records. During the allocation of a static IP, information is transmitted to ARIN per their IP Reassignment Policy . Financial information All on-line payment processing is done by a third party and Monkeybrains does not retain any financial information on our servers. Governmental requests Requests for user information will only be surrendered as legally required (e.g. a subpoena). Furthermore, all such requests will be reviewed by our counsel to validate relevance and validity. Changes to the Privacy Policy We reserve the right to change the terms of this Privacy Policy. Since any changes will be posted on this page, we encourage you to check this page regularly. Any changes to this policy shall be effective immediately upon posting them here. This privacy policy was last amended on October 26, 2016. Contacting us about privacy questions or concerns If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please email support@monkeybrains.net or call 415-974-1313 . Residential Account Termination Policy You are entitled to a 30-day trial period starting on the day your installation is completed. If you are not happy with the service within the 30 day window, we will refund the payment made at installation. For some accounts, this may require returning a modem or antenna to the Monkeybrain's SF office. If you decide to cancel service beyond the 30-day trial period, your installation fees will not be refunded. Due to the quarterly payment schedule, service canceled mid-quarter will be refunded for the calendar month(s) following your termination date. Any refunds issued for a residential account must be done electronically (no cash or check). This requires a subscriber to have enabled recurring electronic payments and/or have an active paypal account to receive any refund. Our Services About Us Contact Us Misc