Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelAccessibility who use screen readers Never Miss a Deal. Be the first to know about our latest deals, product launches, and exclusive promotions. SIGN UP FOR EMAIL DEALS Email Address Login / Register ShopShopShopShopShopShopShopShopShop Order Status Featured Products Find Amazing Products ShopShopShopShopShopShopShopShopShopPID/SKU My Cart Subtotal $0.00 SHOP WITH CONFIDENCE Lifetime warranty on all cables and TV wall mounts, one year warranty on most other items30 day money back guaranteeEasy return100% safe SSL encrypted shoppingPCI-DSS Level 1 Compliant Contact Us Email Us To help serve you quickly, please complete and submit the following information so your question/issue can be addressed by the proper department. 1. What do you need help with? Work from home Customer Service Tech Support Returns B2B Customers Corporate Other 2. Please provide some further information Help with purchasing Help with setup 'My Account' Issues Password Reset Questions Address Change Service Suggestion General order status General shipping questions Items missing from orders Wrong item received Will call questions Payment questions International Orders Website Error Product Recommendations Needed Compatibility Questions Setup/Installation Questions Troubleshooting Drivers/Manuals Needed Information/Specifications for Product 3D Printer Monolith Product feedback Suggest a new product RMA status RMA shipping Parts missing from items Refunds Replacements Discount/Pricing questions Member's Incentive Program OEM questions Reseller questions Volume Purchasing questions Quote request No Logo Item Inquiry Public Relations Investor Relations Purchasing/Procurement Inquiries All Other Inquiries 3. Please provide some further information Repair Software Issue Hardware Issue Compatibilty Questions Setup/Installation Questions Drivers/Manuals Needed Information/Specifications for Product Other 3. Contact Us/Get Help Fields marked with * are mandatory Your Name* Your Email Address* Confirm Email* Phone Number Related Order # Customer ID International By clicking Submit you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy CORPORATE INFO Mailing Address Monoprice, Inc. 1 Pointe Drive Suite 400 Brea, CA 92821 Phone Telephone: 877.271.2592 909.989.6887 Telephone: 877.271.2592 909.989.6887 Fax: 909.989.0078 Monday - Friday: 6:00AM - 5:00PM PST Will Call Hours & Location Our Will Call store and Pickup location in Rancho Cucamonga, has ceased operations. click here Connect With Us Sign Up for email deals Email Address By signing up for promotional emails you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy MONOPRICE BUSINESS NEED HELP? © 2001-2023 Monoprice, Inc. All rights reserved. w03 × An Account Executive will reach out to you shortly. Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPRIVACY POLICY Introduction This privacy statement covers the site https://www.monoprice.com and Stitch by Monoprice mobile application. This is the privacy policy for all websites and mobile applications operated by Monoprice, Inc. (DBA Monoprice.com). This Privacy Statement describes how Monoprice, Inc. collects and uses the personal information you provide. It also describes the choices available to you regarding the use of, your access to, and how to update and correct your personal information. This Privacy Policy is effective as of June 27, 2023. Contact Information Monoprice, Inc. Attn: Privacy Policy 1 Pointe Drive Suite 400Brea, CA 92821 USA You can e-mail us at privacy@monoprice.com or reach us by telephone at 877-271-2592. If you are a California resident who wishes to exercise any of your rights under state law, discussed below, you may do so through any of the means above or you may click on "Your Privacy Choices" . Because this website wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request . Privacy Policy Statement Information Collection and Use At Monoprice.com, we value our customers and their privacy. We collect, store, use, and share customer information in accordance with this policy. We may store information you enter on our website, including your account information. We use your personal information to ensure efficient processing of your order, to communicate with you, and to improve our website, services, and products. We sometimes send offers to select groups of Monoprice customers on behalf of other businesses. When we do this, we may help our partners verify the effectiveness of their offers to our customers. We will not sell or share identifiable personal information to any third party, except in accordance with this privacy policy or unless we are required to do so by law. Order Most of the information collected in the order process will be used to process orders. During the order process, you will have to provide financial information such as your credit card number, expiration date, money order, wire transfer or check information. This information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill your order. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this contact information to get in touch with you. To properly process your credit card information, we must share your personal and financial information with the merchant bank for authorization and approval. This process is protected by an enhanced security system. See the Security section below for more details on security measures and procedures. We do not share your personal and financial information with any third parties, except those specified in this policy. We obtain address information about you from third party sources, such as the US Postal Service, UPS, FedEx, Experian, TaxJar, Avalara, No Fraud, to verify your address so we can properly ship your order to you and to prevent fraud. Invite A Friend If you feel that the services of monoprice.com would be useful for a third party you know (e.g. your friends or family members etc), you may use our referral service. If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend's email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. Monoprice.com stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. Your friend may contact us at privacy@monoprice.com to request that we remove this information from our database. Registration Monoprice.com doesn't have a separate registration form to fill out, however you will be registered automatically when placing your first order with us. In order to process your orders placed on this website, you must first complete the contact information form. During the ordering process you will be required to provide your contact information, which includes your name, e-mail address, telephone number and street address. This information is used to provide you with important Monoprice.com services such as automated order status updates via e-mail. Newsletter If you wish to subscribe our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. Out of respect for your privacy, we provide you a way to unsubscribe.Tracking Technologies Technologies such as: cookies, or similar technologies are used by Monoprice, Inc. and our partners Google, Yahoo, Bing, Oracle, Criteo, affiliates, or analytics or service providers Google and Microsoft. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. We use cookies for our shopping cart, to remember users cart id and coupons applied. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited. Log Files As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We do not link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about you. Behavioral Targeting / Re-Targeting We partner with third parties to either display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third-party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may elect to turn off cookies or use your browser’s privacy settings to mask your identity, or you may opt-out by the following consumer choice mechanisms. Please visit: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)’s self-regulatory opt-out page ( http://optout.aboutads.info/ ) and mobile application based "AppChoices" download page ( https://youradchoices.com/appchoices ) European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)'s consumer opt-out page ( http://youronlinechoices.eu ) Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)’s self-regulatory opt-out page ( http://optout.networkadvertising.org/ ). Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads. Sharing We may employ third party companies to perform various functions on our behalf. These functions may include order fulfillment, package delivery, marketing assistance, postal and e-mail delivery, customer service, data analysis, and credit processing. The third parties we contract for these purposes have limited access to your personal information and may not use it for other purposes. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us. In certain situations, Monoprice, Inc. may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities. We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site. If Monoprice, Inc. is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information. Mobile Applications We may employ 3rd Party OEM solutions to provide technologies for our automation products. Monoprice & its partners agree to protect the personal data for our consumers as defined by legislations related to data protection. These applications may require new log in credentials to be created and will collect some personal information such as email address, password, geo-location information and photos uploaded by users. The application gives you the opportunity to de-activate accounts and user data from accounts may be deleted permanently. Product Reviews The product reviews section of the Monoprice.com website is for the purpose of our users to share their experiences with our products. The product reviews' section is moderated to ensure accurate and positive testimonials. Published testimonials are genuine and are not edited or altered by Monoprice.com. Monoprice.com reserves the right to post or remove any testimonial at its discretion. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at privacy@monoprice.com . Blog Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums.You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at privacy@monoprice.com . In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. Children Monoprice.com does not sell products to persons under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you are required seek the approval of your parent or guardian to purchase products from this site. Links This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Monoprice.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this website, Monoprice.com. Social Media Widgets Our Website includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. Security We employ the latest 128-bit encryption technology in all areas of the site, which requires you to provide your personal or account information, including online ordering, and order status. Your name, your personal information and especially your credit card number are safely stored in our proprietary systems behind our firewall. Once you type your personal information, it is sent instantly, encrypted, directly to our order processing system which is on a server separate from our internet server. To make sure you have the latest security features on your browser, you may want to download the most recent version of your favorite browser, which should have full Secure Socket Layer (SSL) support. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at privacy@monoprice.com . Special Offers Our special offers are sent only to customers who grant Monoprice.com permission to send them such information. To honor the privacy of our users, we offer the option to not receive these types of communications. At the time of your order, you may opt-out of receiving special offers and news by clicking the appropriate field. Furthermore, all special offers are sent via e-mail and include an opt-out link if you no longer wish to receive special offers and news. Customers might still receive intermittent updates on products, services, specials or Monoprice.com news. Please reference the Choice/Opt-out section below for further details on how to be removed from our mailing list should you choose to be removed. Correction/Updating/Reviewing Personal Information Monoprice, Inc. acknowledges that you have the right to access your personal information. If your personal information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, customers may change or review and delete/remove their stored account information such as street address or e-mail address through our website by visiting our "My Account" section. You must have your username and password in order to access your account. In the event you forget both your username and password, please contact our customer service department for assistance. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Choice/Opt-out Our Web site gives you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us. If you no longer wish to receive communications from us you may opt-out by calling 877-271-2592 or simply send us an email at privacy@monoprice.com with your email address, or you may click on "Your Privacy Choices" . California "Shine The Light" California residents that have an established business relationship with us can request a list of the personally identifiable information we have shared with third parties for their marketing purposes as well as a list of the third parties that have received such information. A request can be sent in writing or via email at privacy@monoprice.com or you may click on "Your Privacy Choices" . You can submit a request once each calendar year.Please include an indication that your request is related to a "California Shine the Light" inquiry. Once received, we will respond within a reasonable time. California Privacy Rights As described above, we collect various types of personal information about you during the course of our customer relationship. If you are a California resident, California law provides you with certain rights regarding your personal information. This section describes the rights of California consumers and how to exercise them. You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information. You have the right to direct us not to share data for purposes of cross-context behavioral marketing, and the right to opt out of the processing of personal data for purposes of targeted advertising. You may click on "Your Privacy Choices" on our homepage to exercise your right to opt-out, or you may call or write us using the information provided below. If exercised, the decision to opt-out will be valid for 12 months, at which time we may request that you authorize the sale of personal information again. You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve months. Once we receive and verify your request, we will disclose to you upon request:The categories of personal information we collected about you.The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling any personal information. The purposes for which the information we collected will be used.The categories of third parties with whom we share personal information.If we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose; and, if so, any categories of personal information that were sold or disclosed, and the categories of any third parties to whom personal information was sold or disclosed.You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and verify your request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) upon request your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies. Further, we will notify any third parties with whom we have shared such personal information and instruct those third parties to comply with the deletion request. We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service providers to:Complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our agreement with you.Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities. Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act.Enable internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.Comply with a legal obligation.Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it. You have the right to correct any inaccurate personal information that we have collected from you. Once we receive and verify your request, we will correct (and direct our service providers to correct) upon request your personal information in our records. You may click on "Your Privacy Choices" on our homepage to exercise your right to opt-out, or you may call or write us as directed below.You have the right to limit the use and disclosure of any sensitive personal information that we have collected from you. Once we receive and verify your request, we will limit the use and disclosure (and direct our service providers to limit the use and disclosure) upon request your sensitive personal information in our records, unless an exception applies. We may deny your request to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information if it is necessary for us or our service providers to provide a service or deliver a product that you have specifically requested.If you are a California resident and would like to exercise your rights under California law, please mail a written request, email us, call our toll-free telephone number, or use our online form at “Your Privacy Choices”: Monoprice, Inc. Attn: Privacy Policy 1 Pointe Drive Suite 400Brea, CA 92821 USA You can e-mail us at privacy@monoprice.com or reach us by telephone at 877-271-2592. If exercised, the decision to opt–out of the sale/sharing of personal information will be valid for 12 months, at which time we may request that you authorize the sale of personal information again. Only you or a person that you authorize to act on your behalf may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. However, you may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. You may make a verifiable consumer request up to two times within a twelve-month period, without charge. Unfortunately, we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm that the personal information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request. We try to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt. If we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension time period (up to 90 days). If you have an account with us, we will deliver our response to that account. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our response by mail or electronically, at your option. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding receipt. The response we provide will also explain any reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your rights under California law. Unless permitted California law, we will not: Deny you goods or services.Charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.Provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.Suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. We may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by law that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. Any legally-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your Personal Information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects. Participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time. Notification of Changes If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, our homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage prior to the change becoming effective. Chat Software Monoprice utilizes Microsoft’s CRM & CafeX Chat software which facilitates real time customer service interaction. For more information, please refer to https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement & https://compliance.cafex.com/en/ . We recommend that you review this policy periodically, as we may update it from time to time. If you have opted out of receiving communications from Monoprice.com, you will still be able to view news of policy changes at www.monoprice.com. Otherwise, you may e-mail us at support@monoprice.com or call us 877-271-2592 to ask our customer service department about changes and updates. Our Commitment to Accessibility Whether you’re using assistive technologies like a screen reader, a magnifier, voice recognition software or switch technology, our mission is to be the destination for Technology at Prices that Make Sense. We set high standards for web accessibility and constantly strive to ensure we’re in compliance with all laws and guidelines. Our team is filled with professionals who are dedicated to making our online experience the best it can be, and we collaborate with advocacy groups, industry partners and vendors to identify areas that need improvement. If you are visually impaired and are having difficulty navigating this site, please call our Customer Support line via our toll free number 1 (877) 271-2592 for assistance.By displaying the trustmark, Monoprice.com has agreed to inform you on: What personally identifiable information of yours Monoprice.com collects The organization collecting the information How the information is used With whom the information may be sharedWhat choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the informationThe kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under Monoprice.com controlHow you can correct any inaccuracies in the information SELF REGULATORY PRIVACY FRAMEWORK To learn more about our Self Regulatory Privacy Framework, please click on this link: https://www.monoprice.com/help/SelfRegulatoryPrivacy . Last Update: This is the official Privacy Policy as of June 27, 2023 Connect With Us Sign Up for email deals Email Address By signing up for promotional emails you agree to our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy MONOPRICE BUSINESS NEED HELP? © 2001-2023 Monoprice, Inc. All rights reserved. SUBTotal