Why Read This? In order for websites to work properly when you visit them, very often they will need to keep a record of how you are using the website. This information is usually stored on your computer in a small file called a cookie. Cookies are also used by companies that provide the advertising that helps pay for the sites you visit. In many ways it is the adverts you see on websites that allow many of them to exist. The advertising industry works with the AdChoices programme to help provide users with information and control about cookies. How Data is Collected and Stored? There are different types of cookies, which are stored in different ways on internet enabled devices. Some cookies are stored on the computer's browser, and are deleted when the browser is closed. Permanent cookies can retain details for particular websites, allowing these to be used in future browsing sessions. These can also be used to identify a computer's surfing history within certain websites. Permanent cookies are stored on the computer's hard drive, but they can't access any other information stored there. You can select which cookies are stored on your computer, by choosing to 'accept' or 'refuse' them. These options can be found within yourbrowser settings. Why is Data Stored? Data is stored to make the interaction between users and websites faster and easier. For example, a shopping website might use cookies to remember your registration details, making your next visit quicker and easier, and to save you the trouble of entering your details again. Websites also use cookies to collect information about their users, and to pin point patterns in the surfing habits of visitors. This information allows websitesand advertisers to work together, to ensure they target the rightaudiences who are interested in what they have to offer. By storingcookies, advertisers can ensure you aren't shown ads for thingsyou're less likely to want. How this works is determined byadvertising and site functionality. Click on the tabs belowto find out more. Advertising Website owners will often partner with advertisers, selling them spaceon their site to serve ads. In turn, this will often mean a site can pay forits running costs - keeping it free for you, the user. Site Functionality Storing information on how a site is used means advertisers and website owners can ensure you get the best experience when you visit. A cookie acts like the site's memory, allowing pages to load faster, and makes interaction easier, when shopping online for example. Step by step explanation John visits an online shop and decides to buy a book. He puts it into his shopping basket. When he puts the book in the shopping basket the product code and quantity he wants to purchase (1) are stored as a cookie. Every time John adds or removes items from his basket the information in the cookie is updated accordingly. John decides not to purchase the book. After visiting some other websites, John comes back and sees his item is still in the shopping basket. The basket remembers what he placed inside throughout his browsing session, thanks to the cookie which was generated earlier. John goes through with the transaction, and purchases the book. When John added the book to the shopping basket, a piece of code was generated. This piece of code is associated to the online shop, and can only be read by this shop. Today John is looking at a mobile provider website and checking out handsets and tariffs. At the bottom of the webpage is a small piece of code that used by an interest-based advertising company to log that John's computer has visited this page. After visiting the page, John's computer is assigned a unique reference number, so that we never need to know anything about John as an individual. When John visits a website his computer is recognised by the unique reference number. Down the side of the page, adverts appear from the mobile provider website he visited earlier. This advertising is selected on the basis of the prior visit to that website. Example One