U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice Effective Date: May 31, 2023 Introduction This U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice (the “Notice”) supplements the information contained in our Privacy Policy and applies only to individual residents (the “Covered Individual Residents”) of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, including the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Data Privacy Act, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and each of their associated regulations, as well as additional consumer privacy laws that may be enacted in the future (collectively, the “Applicable Laws”). This Notice addresses the specific disclosure requirements under the Applicable Laws and provides additional information about how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process Covered Individual Residents’ personal information, the rights of Covered Individual Residents in relation to that personal information, and the ways to exercise those rights. You can find more information and details about AppLovin and our personal information collection and use practices in our Privacy Policy . Unless otherwise indicated, all terms in this Notice have the same meanings as defined in our Privacy Policy or as otherwise defined under the Applicable Laws. Contents Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Personal Information As explained in our Privacy Policy , depending on the type of interaction you have with AppLovin, we may collect information about you when you use a mobile game and/or other application, platform, or service that contains the AppLovin SDK, when you interact with our advertising platform in another way, or when your visit our corporate website at www.applovin.com . In addition, publishers of mobile games and/or other applications, platforms, or services that you use may choose to share certain additional information with us for advertising purposes (“Publishers”). We encourage you to review the Publishers’ privacy policies and other materials, which may contain additional information regarding their sharing of personal information with AppLovin or other parties.The chart below summarizes the categories of personal information we collect, the sources of the personal information collected, the business purposes for our collection, and the categories of third parties with whom we “disclose” or “share” personal information. The chart describes our practices, both current and during the last 12 months. Identifiers , such as name, email address and other contact information, IP address, and online identifiers (like advertising IDs) • You or your device(s) • Publishers • Advertising Partners • Affiliates • Service Delivery • Delivery of Advertisements • Technical Support • Customer Support • Processing Payments • Analytics • Business Research & Development • Marketing & Promotions • Platform Protection & Fraud Prevention • Compliance with Legal Obligations • Service Providers • Affiliates • Online identifiers with Advertising Partners (shared for personalized advertisements) • Your Specified Recipient(s) • Government Entities/Law Enforcement Additional Customer Records , such as bank account number or other financial information • You (only for business users) • Service Delivery • Technical Support • Customer Support • Processing Payments • Platform Protection • Compliance with Legal Obligations • Service Providers • Affiliates • Your Specified Recipient(s) Characteristics of Protected Classifications , such as age or gender • Publishers • Service Delivery • Delivery of Advertisements • Analytics • Business Research & Development • Platform Protection & Fraud Prevention • Compliance with Legal Obligations • Service Providers • Affiliates • Your Specified Recipient(s) • Government Entities/Law Enforcement Sensitive Personal Information , such as social security numbers, precise geolocation, or genetic and biometric data* • AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit end users’ “sensitive personal information” as defined by the Applicable Laws N/A N/A Commercial Information , such as records of services considered or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies • You or your device(s) • Publishers • Service Delivery • Delivery of Advertisements • Analytics • Business Research & Development • Platform Protection & Fraud Prevention • Compliance with Legal Obligations • Service Providers • Affiliates • Your Specified Recipient(s) Internet or Network Information , such as information regarding interactions with a website, application, or advertisement • You or your device(s) • Service Providers • Service Delivery • Delivery of Advertisements • Analytics • Business Research & Development • Platform Protection & Fraud Prevention • Compliance with Legal Obligations • Service Providers • Affiliates • Advertising Partners (shared for personalized advertisements) • Your Specified Recipient(s) Geolocation Data , such as city or county-level geolocation information • You or your device(s) • Publishers • Advertising Partners • Service Delivery • Delivery of Advertisements • Analytics • Business Research & Development • Platform Protection & Fraud Prevention • Compliance with Legal Obligations • Service Providers • Affiliates • Advertising Partners (shared for personalized advertisements) • Your Specified Recipient(s) • Government Entities/Law Enforcement Inferences , such as the derivation of information, data, or assumptions from the categories of personal information included above • You or your device(s) • Publishers • Advertising Partners • Affiliates • Service Providers • Service Delivery • Delivery of Advertisements • Analytics • Business Research & Development • Platform Protection & Fraud Prevention • Compliance with Legal Obligations • Service Providers • Affiliates *AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit end users’ “sensitive personal information” as defined by the Applicable Laws. This means that AppLovin does not collect social security numbers, drivers’ licenses, financial account or credit card numbers (except as provided by our business customers to us for payment processing purposes), precise geolocation, racial and ethnic characteristics, religious and philosophical beliefs, union membership, the contents of messages (mail, email, or text), mental or physical health condition or diagnosis, sex life or sexual orientation, genetic and biometric data, or personal data from a known child. Sharing of Personal Information AppLovin does not “sell” information as most people would commonly understand that term or in the way that the Applicable Laws primarily define the term “sale.” The Applicable Laws define a “sale” as a disclosure of personal information to third parties for “monetary” and/or “other valuable consideration.” AppLovin does not, and will not, disclose your personal information in direct exchange for money or some other form of payment.AppLovin may “share” personal information about you for purposes of serving you with personalized ads or content, otherwise known as “interest-based advertising” or “cross-context behavioral advertising.” Certain of the Applicable Laws define “sharing” as “communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information” to “a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, whether or not for money or other valuable consideration.” In other words, AppLovin may share your personal information with a third party to help serve you with personalized content or ads that may be more relevant to your interests, and to perform other advertising-related services such as reporting, attribution, analytics, and market research. The chart included above sets forth the categories of third parties with whom we have “shared” personal information within the last 12 months. Data Retention As explained in our Privacy Policy , we retain the categories of personal information included in the chart above for up to 2 years. Your Privacy Rights As a Covered Individual Resident, you may be able to exercise the following rights in relation to the personal information that we may have collected about you, subject to certain limitations and requirements, including the verification of your identity and our right to retain information to comply with our legal obligations, among other circumstances. Know and Access your Personal Information You may request, up to two times in a 12-month period, that we disclose to you the categories and specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which your personal information has been collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information, the categories of personal information that we disclosed for a business purpose, any categories of personal information about you that we sold or shared, the categories of third-parties with whom we have shared your personal information, and the business or commercial purpose for selling your personal information, if applicable. Request Deletion of your Personal Information You have the right to request that we delete certain personal information that we may have collected from you. Opt-Out of the “Sale” or “Sharing” of your Personal Information We do not sell your personal information in exchange for money, nor have we done so in the last 12 months.AppLovin may “share” personal information about you for purposes of serving you with personalized ads or content, otherwise known as “interest-based advertising,” “targeted advertising,” or “cross-context behavioral advertising.”You have the right to opt-out of any future “sales” or “sharing” of your personal information as defined by the Applicable Laws (and as explained above). Non-Discrimination You have the right to exercise the rights conferred on you by the Applicable Laws without discrimination. Data Portability You have the right to request that we transmit certain personal information that we may have collected from you to other entities, unless transmitting the information would not be technically feasible. Correct Inaccurate Information You have the right to request that we correct errors or inaccurate information in the personal information that we may have collected from you. Opt-Out of Sharing for Cross-Contextual Behavioral Advertising You have the right to opt-out of the “sharing” of your personal information for “cross-contextual behavioral advertising,” often referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “targeted advertising.” Limit the Use or Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information In certain circumstances, you have the right to limit the use of any sensitive categories of personal information. As noted above, AppLovin does not collect or seek to elicit sensitive categories of personal information. Opt-Out of the Use of Automated Decision Making In certain circumstances, you have the right to opt-out of the use of automated decision making in relation to your personal information. How to Exercise Your Privacy Rights To exercise your rights to know and access your personal information or to request deletion of your personal information, you have the following options (listed according to the types of interaction you may have with AppLovin): For Users of Mobile Games and/or Other Applications, Platforms, or Services Containing the AppLovin SDK To manage the personal information that AppLovin may have about you from the mobile games and/or other applications, platforms, or services that you use, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores: By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information.To exercise your right to opt-out of interest-based advertising, you have the following options: Opt-Out through AppLovin Ads . AppLovin allows you to opt-out of all interest-based advertising served by AppLovin through the “i” or “Learn more about ad preferences” link available on the face of an ad served by AppLovin. Once you click on the link, you will see a button to “Opt-Out of Interest-Based Advertising.” Opt-Out through Device-Level Choices . In addition, if you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, you can limit the collection of certain information through your device’s settings. Detailed instructions on how to change these device settings can be found in the “Manage Your Privacy Choices” section of our Privacy Policy and in the instructions available here . Opt-Out through Industry Consumer-Choice Platforms . Finally, you can make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer-choice platform, such as the NAI or DAA . Please know that opting out of interest-based advertising does not mean that you will not receive advertising. You may still receive ads, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. To exercise any other rights that you may have under applicable law, or if you have any questions regarding any response to your request, please contact our Data Protection Officer using the information in the “Contact Us” section of our Privacy Policy For Our Website Visitors To opt-out of the automated collection of your personal information by certain cookies or other data collection technologies through our website, you can click “Cookie Settings” in the footer of our website. In addition, you may follow the steps outlined in the “Cookies and Other Similar Technology” and “Your Advertising/Marketing Choices” sections of our Privacy Policy . To access or manage information that you have manually submitted to us, please contact our Data Protection Officer using the information in the “Contact Us” section of our Privacy Policy . For Our Customers and Business Contacts Please contact our Data Protection Officer using the information in the “Contact Us” section of our Privacy Policy . Please provide enough information about you and your request for our Data Protection Officer to be able to identify your information in our records. * * * * Please note that requesting to exercise your rights through us will not bear on the personal information processed about you by our third-party partners and customers, including the Publishers that have the AppLovin SDK embedded in their mobile games and/or other applications, platforms, or services. If you wish to exercise your rights with respect to these third parties, please submit a request with each party directly. Children Under Age 16 As explained in our Privacy Policy , children under the age of 16 may not use the AppLovin Services and we do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 16. Appointment of an Authorized Agent In certain circumstances, you may appoint an authorized agent to exercise any rights that you may have on your behalf. If you choose to exercise any rights through an authorized agent, you will need to verify your identity directly with us before we can process any requests. In addition, we will need written documentation demonstrating the authorized agent’s authority to act on your behalf. Data Access and Deletion Transparency Report Our annual transparency report shows the number of data access and deletion requests we received last year and how long it typically takes us to fulfill those requests. Requests to Know and Access 3081 Less than 1 day (successful requests processed automatically) Requests for Deletions 26830 Less than 1 day (successful requests processed automatically) *The Data Access and Deletion Transparency Report includes data for US-based users, who submitted requests via the AppLovin Privacy Management App. The AppLovin Privacy Management Application processes all requests automatically, except where the requests cannot be verified. Updates or Amendments to this Notice As explained in our Privacy Policy , we may make changes to this Notice from time to time. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Notice. We encourage you to review this Notice periodically. How to Contact Us You can find our contact information in the “Contact Us” section of our Privacy Policy . The growth engine for your apps A better way to monetize your app Reach your audience Maximize your opportunity Creatives to drive results Access affiliate marketing on mobile Measure your marketing A powerful platform for CTV streaming Resources Company Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems.They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy Policy Effective Date: June 1, 2023 AppLovin Corporation (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “AppLovin”) is a mobile app growth company that provides application publishers with the tools to grow their businesses by automating and optimizing the marketing and monetization of their apps. As explained below, consumers interact with us in a few ways, primarily through advertisements served by AppLovin on behalf of advertisers on publishers’ mobile applications. The AppLovin Privacy Policy (this “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information through our advertising platform (our “Advertising Services”), and our corporate website at www.applovin.com (the “Website”), as well as your choices related to that information. Contents Our Advertising Services This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Advertising Services. Information Collection and Use If you are a consumer who downloads and uses an application which contains the AppLovin SDK or otherwise interacts with the Services through advertisements served on behalf of application publishers, we may collect certain device information, including the following: Device make, model, and operating system;Device properties related to screen size, orientation, audio, battery, device memory usage, settings, and boot time;Device settings related to accessibility features, font size, theme; Carrier;Operating system;Name and properties of mobile application through which a consumer interacts with the Services;Country, time zone, and locale settings (country and preferred language);City- and/or country-level or other coarse geolocation data; Network connection type and speed;IP Address;Internet browser user-agent used to access the Services;HTTP header information;Advertising IDs (IDFA/GAID/Amazon FOSAID);Vendor IDs (IDFV);App Set IDs; andAdvertising and tracking preferences and restrictions. This device information may be collected across mobile apps over time. We may also combine information we collect with other information we derive through analytical techniques, and we will use that combined information to offer the Services. This type of information may include transactional or “event” data related to a consumer’s interaction with an application, such as information about the actions taken in an application like purchases or application installations. Application publishers may choose to share with us (through our SDK) additional information including your age or year of birth, gender, email, phone number and interest segments. Please see the applicable publisher’s privacy policy for more information about their use of first party data. Advertisers (through the advertiser itself or through a third party on behalf of such advertiser) may share your advertiser ID and IP address. Using the information we collect, we are able to deliver the Services, improve them, and research and develop new ones. Information Sharing We may share information we collect or derive with third parties in the following contexts. Service Providers. We transfer information to service providers, and other partners who support our business, such as providing technical infrastructure services, analyzing how our Services are used, measuring the effectiveness of ads and services, providing customer service, or facilitating payments. These partners must adhere to strict confidentiality obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy and the agreements we enter into with them.Affiliates. We may share information within the AppLovin family of companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy. Advertising Partners. We share information with our third-party advertising partners, including advertisers, ad networks, exchanges, demand side platforms, and ad optimization and measurement/attribution partners (e.g., mobile measurement partners or “MMPs”) to provide our clients with Advertising Services. This information may be used by such third-party partners to measure how effective ads are, showing advertisements to end users for products and services that are more likely to appeal to them (a practice known as interest-based advertising or behavioral advertising), and to undertake web analytics to analyze traffic and other ad activity to improve the advertising experience.Unless otherwise noted in our partner list, each AppLovin advertising partner is an independent controller of your data. You can view a list of AppLovin advertising partners with whom we share your data here , current as of the date listed at the top of that page.If you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements, please see the “Manage Your Privacy Choices” section below. If you are located in the European Union, UK, or Switzerland, you may also see the “Additional Provisions for EU Individuals” section below for more options. If you are an individual resident of the U.S.states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws, you may also review the “ U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice ” section below for more options.Please note that the practices of our third-party advertising partners delivering advertisements through our Services are subject to those partners’ own privacy policies. Regulatory or Legal Requirements. We may disclose information to governmental regulatory authorities as required by law, including for tax or accounting purposes, in response to their requests for such information or to assist in investigations. We may also disclose personal information to third parties in connection with claims, disputes or litigation, when otherwise required by law or court order.Safety and Terms Enforcement. We may disclose information if we determine, in our sole discretion, that its disclosure is necessary to protect the health, safety, or rights of you or any other person, protect against fraud, or enforce our legal rights, including contractual commitments made to us by third parties. Business Transfers. We may disclose personal information as part of an organizational business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing, or sale of organizational assets and may transfer personal information to a third party as one of the business assets in such a transaction. We may also disclose personal information in the event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership. Manage Your Privacy Choices: To limit collection of information from mobile devices, including location data, please visit your device’s settings to set the “Limit Ad Track”, “Location Based Services,” or other similar feature on your device. Additionally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising within ads served by AppLovin. For detailed instructions, see How AppLovin Shows You Ads . You can also make choices about data collection for certain companies by visiting an industry consumer choice platform such as the NAI ( https://optout.networkadvertising.org/ ) or DAA ( https://optout.aboutads.info/ ). You may still receive ads after limiting processing of information for interest-based advertising, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. To see or manage the data collected by AppLovin from your device, you may download the AppLovin Privacy Management Application from the Apple or Google Play Stores: By navigating through the tabs in the AppLovin Privacy Management Application, you can erase the personal information that AppLovin may have collected about you or request a copy of that personal information. Children’s Online Privacy Protection We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertisements to, children as defined and required by applicable laws. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application may be exclusively designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children, please contact us via email at dataprotection@applovin.com . We may collect certain types of information (e.g., IDFV, publisher age-related flags) from general audience apps for activities that fit within the “support for internal operations” exception from the notice and consent requirements in the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Rule. Data Security and Retention We implement reasonable measures to help secure the information we collect through the Services. We retain the data we collect through the Services for up to 2 years. Information is automatically purged from our system if the Services do not receive any updated information for a device in the last 2 years. Note that we will retain information in our systems for as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Our Website This section describes the information we collect, use, and share through our Website. Information Collection We may collect various types of information through the Website. For example, when you register with AppLovin to use our Services, you may provide us with personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, mailing address, user name, and password. You may also provide us with payment information when you submit or receive a payment, or other information when you complete the online forms available on the Website. We may also collect certain types of technical and usage information automatically, including through cookies and other similar tracking technologies. These tracking technologies allow AppLovin to personalize or optimize your experience on the Website. This information may include your IP address, device identifier, browser type, device type, the date and time of your visit, and the areas of the Website you visit.We may also acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information that you voluntarily provide to us or that we collect automatically. Information Use We may use the information we collect or you provide to us through the Website for various purposes, including: To communicate with you, for example through newsletters or with other information about our products and services;To operate and improve the Website and our Services;To customize the Website;For analytics and research;For marketing purposes; andFor purposes disclosed at the time of collection. Information Sharing We may share information collected through the Website for purposes including: With your consent;For advertising and marketing purposes;In response to a subpoena, court order, or other legal process;To protect our rights and the rights of others;With our affiliates;With service providers that help us operate the Website and Services;As part of a sale, merger, or acquisition, including at bankruptcy; andFor purposes disclosed at the time of collection. Links to Other Websites The Website may provide links to other websites or other digital properties that we do not control. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of those digital properties that you may visit. Updating Information You can update the personal information you provide to us by correcting, updating, or deleting the information associated with you via your AppLovin account. To add, modify, remove, or request access to the personal information about you that we hold, please see the “Contact Us” section below. Cookies and Other Similar Technology The Website uses cookies, web beacons, or other similar technology to collect information. To learn more about and manage the cookies on this Website, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer. You may also be able to limit the use of cookies through your browser settings. Note that certain parts of the Website may not function properly without cookies. We partner with Google Analytics to learn more about how you use our Website. For more information about how Google Analytics works you can visit here . To opt-out of Google Analytics, you can visit here and follow the instructions. Your Advertising/Marketing Choices From time to time, third parties will collect information from you via the Website and other non-affiliated websites and mobile applications over time in order to deliver relevant advertising to your browser or device, as well as other browsers or devices associated with you. This type of advertising is called “interest-based advertising.” You may limit the collection of information from mobile apps on your device for interest-based advertising by adjusting the settings on your mobile device (such as by turning off the feature to “Allow Apps to Request to Track”). Please note that if you exercise that choice, you may still receive ads, but those ads may be less relevant to your interests. Additionally, data may still be collected from your browser or device for purposes other than interest-based advertising. If you erase your cookies, reset your device identifier, or use different browsers or devices, you may need to make your choices again. If you no longer wish to receive marketing-related emails from us on a going-forward basis, you may opt out of receiving these emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any marketing email you receive from us. Children Our Website is not intended for use by children as defined and required by applicable law. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children through the Website. If you believe we might have any personal information from or about a child, please contact us via email at dataprotection@applovin.com . Data Security and Retention We have implemented reasonable physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Website to help protect information we collect and store. For detailed information regarding retention associated with cookies on the applovin.com domain, please click “Cookie Settings” in our Website footer to learn more. We retain other information such as customer contact and payment information in our systems for as long as necessary as permitted by law to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. [END OF WEBSITE-SPECIFIC PROVISIONS] Additional Provisions for EU/UK Individuals If you are located in the European Union, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom, the following additional provisions apply to you. Privacy Shield Framework In light of the judgment of the Court of Justice of the European Union in Case C-311/18 and the similar announcement from the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner, we do not rely on the EU-U.S. or Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as a legal basis for transfers of personal data under the General Data Protection Regulation.However, we continue to adhere to these principles and, where appropriate, we rely on EU Standard Contractual Clauses and other safeguards to enable such transfers. Notwithstanding the foregoing, AppLovin has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. AppLovin is committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, respectively, in reliance on each Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List, available at: https://www.privacyshield.gov/list . AppLovin is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives under each Privacy Shield Framework and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. AppLovin complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions. With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, AppLovin is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, AppLovin may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website here: https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint , you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, AppLovin commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact AppLovin at the address/email below. AppLovin has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to an alternative dispute resolution provider. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request . Lawful Basis for Processing On certain occasions, we process your personal data when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, such as to provide services to you. We may also process your personal data to respond to your inquiries concerning our products and services. On other occasions, we process your personal data where required by law. We may also process your personal data if necessary to protect your interests or the interests of a third party. Additionally, we process your personal data when necessary to do so for fraud prevention, improving our network and services, and marketing our services to advertisers and publishers, where these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights. If the processing of your personal data is necessary, we will generally ensure that consent has been obtained from you if there is no other lawful basis for such processing. You have the right to withdraw your consent to processing of personal data at any time. For questions about data processing, please contact our Data Protection Officer. Visit the “Contact” section below for contact information. Children We do not knowingly collect personal information from, or serve advertising to, children under the age of 16 through the Advertising Services and the Website. If you believe we have served an advertisement to a child or might have any personal information from or about a child, or if you believe a mobile application may be exclusively designed for, directed to, or pass personal information knowingly from, children, please contact us via email at dataprotection@applovin.com . Your Rights If you are an individual in the EU or UK, you are able: To request access to the personal data we hold about you;To request that we rectify or erase your personal data;To request that we restrict or block the processing of your personal data;Under certain circumstances, to receive personal data about you that we store and transmit to another without hindrance from us, including requesting that we provide your personal data directly to another, i.e., a right to data portability; andWhere we previously obtained your consent, to withdraw consent to processing your personal data. To exercise these rights, please contact us at the email address set forth in the “Contact Us” section below. Our Data Protection Officer can also be reached at this email address. Please be aware that we may be unable to afford these rights to you under certain circumstances, such as if we are legally prevented from doing so.Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence. EU and UK Privacy Representatives We have appointed Prighter Group as our privacy representatives in the EU and UK. You can contact us through our privacy representatives at the following addresses: For residents of the EU : PrighterGDPR-Rep by Maetzler Rechtsanwalts GmbH & Co KG c/o AppLovin CorporationKriegerstraße 4430161 HannoverGermany For residents of the UK : PrighterUK-Rep by Prighter Ltd. c/o AppLovin Corporation20 Mortlake Mortlake High StreetLondon, SW14 8JNUnited Kingdom Additional information regarding our privacy representatives can be found at the following link: https://prighter.com/q/19826057144 . [END OF EU SPECIFIC PROVISIONS] U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice Additional provisions for individual residents of the U.S. states that have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws are included in our U.S. Multistate Privacy Notice , which explains how those residents may exercise their privacy rights. Policy Changes We may, in our sole discretion, make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements, or for other purposes. If we make any changes, we will update the “Effective Date” posted at the top of this Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes, we may notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on the Website prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to ensure that you understand how we collect, use, and share information. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted on the Website. By continuing to use the Website or Advertising Services following such changes, you are agreeing to accept the terms of the revised Privacy Policy. Contact Us If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at: Data Protection OfficerAppLovin Corporation1100 Page Mill RoadPalo Alto, CA 94304 You can also contact us or our Data Protection Officer via email at dataprotection@applovin.com . Please be sure to include your relevant account information in any correspondence to us. This will help ensure that we can respond to your inquiry in a timely manner. If you have a customer care issue, please visit AppLovin Support . The growth engine for your apps A better way to monetize your app Reach your audience Maximize your opportunity Creatives to drive results Access affiliate marketing on mobile Measure your marketing A powerful platform for CTV streaming Resources Company Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label