Microsoft Services Agreement Published: 15 June 2022 Effective: 15 August 2022 These terms ("Terms") cover the use of those Microsoft consumer products, websites and services listed at the end of these Terms here (https://www.microsoft.com/servicesagreement#serviceslist) (the "Services"). By providing the opportunity of subscribing for, using and/or ordering the Services, Microsoft makes an offer to you. You accept these Terms by creating a Microsoft account, by using the Services or by continuing to use the Services after being notified of a change to these Terms. Please read, print and save a copy of these Terms for your records because Microsoft won't save a copy for you. If you are a microenterprise, small enterprise or a not-for-profit organisation please read section 15 on waiving any entitlements that would otherwise be applicable to you under the European Electronic Communications Code. 1. Your Privacy. Your privacy is important to us. Please read the Microsoft Privacy Statement (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=521839) (the "Privacy Statement") as it describes the types of data we collect from you and your devices ("Data"), how we use your Data and the legal bases we have to process your Data. The Privacy Statement also describes how Microsoft uses your content, which is your communications with others; postings submitted by you to Microsoft via the Services; and the files, photos, documents, audio, digital works, livestreams and videos that you upload, store, broadcast or share through the Services ("Your Content"). 2. Your Content. Many of our Services allow you to store or share Your Content or receive material from others. We don't claim ownership of Your Content. Your Content remains Your Content and you are responsible for it. a. When you share Your Content with other people, you understand that they may be able, on a worldwide basis, to use, save, record, reproduce, broadcast, transmit, share and display Your Content for the purpose that you made Your Content available on the Services, without compensating you. If you do not want others to have that ability, do not use the Services to share Your Content. You represent and warrant that for the duration of these Terms you have (and will have) all the rights necessary for Your Content that is uploaded, stored or shared on or through the Services and that the collection, use and retention of Your Content through the Services won't violate any law or rights of others. We strongly advise you to make regular back-up copies of Your Content. Microsoft can't be held responsible for Your Content or the material others upload, store or share using our Services. b. To the extent necessary to provide the Services to you and others (which may include changing the size, shape or format of Your Content to better store or display it to you), to protect you and the Services and to improve Microsoft products and services, you grant Microsoft a worldwide and royalty free intellectual property licence to use Your Content, for example, to make copies of, retain, transmit, reformat, distribute via communication tools and display Your Content on the Services. If you publish Your Content in areas of the Service where it is rendered available online publicly or without restrictions, Your Content may appear in demonstrations or materials that promote the Service. Some of the Services are supported by advertising. Controls for how Microsoft personalises advertising are available at https://choice.live.com. We do not use what you say in email, chat, video calls or voicemail, or your documents, photos or other personal files to target advertising to you. Our advertising policies are covered in detail in the Privacy Statement. 3. Code of Conduct. a. Content, material or actions that violate these Terms are not permitted. By agreeing to these Terms, you're under the obligation to follow these rules: i. Don't do anything illegal. ii. Don't engage in any activity that exploits, harms or threatens to harm children. iii. Don't send spam or engage in phishing. Spam is unwanted or unsolicited bulk email, postings, contact requests, SMS (text messages), instant messages or similar electronic communications. Phishing is sending emails or other electronic communications to fraudulently or unlawfully induce recipients to reveal personal or sensitive information, such as passwords, dates of birth, National Insurance Numbers, passport numbers, credit card information, financial information or other sensitive information or to gain access to accounts or records, exfiltration of documents or other sensitive information, payment and/or financial benefit. iv. Don't publicly display or use the Services to share any inappropriate content or other material (involving, for example, nudity, bestiality, pornography, offensive language, graphic violence or criminal activity). v. Don't engage in activity that is fraudulent, false or misleading (e.g.asking for money under false pretences, impersonating someone else, manipulating the Services to increase play count or affect rankings, ratings or comments). vi. Don't willfully circumvent any restrictions on access to or availability of the Services. vii. Don't engage in activity that is harmful to you, the Services or others (e.g. transmitting viruses, stalking, posting terrorist or violent extremist content, communicating hate speech or advocating violence against others). viii. Don't infringe upon the rights of others (e.g, unauthorised sharing of copyrighted music or other copyrighted material, resale or other distribution of Bing maps or photographs). ix. Don't engage in activity that violates the privacy of others. x. Don't help to others break these rules. b. Enforcement. We reserve the right to deny Your Content if it exceeds limits on storage or file size allowed by the Service. In addition, if you violate any of the obligations listed in section 3.a above or otherwise materially violate these Terms, we may take action against you including (without limitation) stopping providing Services or closing your Microsoft account immediately for good cause or blocking delivery of a communication (like email, file sharing or instant message) to or from the Services. We also reserve the right to remove or block Your Content from the Services at any time if it is brought to our attention that it may violate applicable law or these Terms. When investigating alleged violations of these Terms, Microsoft reserves the right to review Your Content in order to resolve the issue. However, we do not monitor the Services and make no attempt to do so. For more information on how Microsoft addresses certain types of violative content on our consumer services, see the Digital Safety Content Report (http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/corporate-responsibility/digital-safety-content-report). c. Application to Xbox Services. Click here (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=868531) for more information about how this Code of Conduct applies to all Xbox Services, including Xbox Game Pass, Games for Windows Live and Xbox Games Studios games, applications, services and content provided by Microsoft. Violations of the Code of Conduct through Xbox Services (defined in section 13.a.i) may result in suspensions or bans from participation in Xbox Services, including forfeiture of content licences, Xbox Gold Membership time and Microsoft account balances associated with the account. d. Microsoft Start Community Guidelines. The Microsoft Start Community Guidelines (https://www.msn.com/en-ie/community/guideline) govern registered user engagement with news and professionally generated content on that service. Violations of the Code of Conduct through the Microsoft Start Community Guidelines may result in suspensions or bans from community commenting or termination of Microsoft accounts. 4. Using the Services & Support. a. Microsoft account. You'll need a Microsoft account to access many of the Services. Your Microsoft account lets you sign in to products, websites and services provided by Microsoft and some Microsoft partners. i. Creating an Account. You can create a Microsoft account by signing up online. You agree not to use any false, inaccurate or misleading information when signing up for your Microsoft account. In some cases, a third party, like your Internet Service Provider, may have assigned a Microsoft account to you. If you received your Microsoft account from a third party, the third party may have additional rights over your account, like the ability to access or delete your Microsoft account. Please review any additional terms the third party provided you, as Microsoft has no responsibility regarding these additional terms. If you create a Microsoft account on behalf of an entity, such as your business or employer, you represent that you have the legal authority to bind that entity to these Terms. You cannot transfer your Microsoft account credentials to another user or entity. To protect your account, keep your account details and password confidential. You are responsible for all activity that occurs under your Microsoft account. ii. Account Use. You must use your Microsoft account to keep it active. This means you must sign in at least once in a two-year period to keep your Microsoft account, and associated Services, active, unless a longer period is provided in the Microsoft account activity policy at https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2086738 or in an offer for a paid portion of the Services or as otherwise required by law. If you don't sign in during this time, we will assume your Microsoft account is inactive and will close it for you. Please see section 4.a.iv.2 for the consequences of a closed Microsoft account. You must sign into your Outlook.com inbox and your OneDrive (separately) at least once in a one-year period, otherwise we will close your Outlook.com inbox and your OneDrive for you.If we reasonably suspect that your Microsoft account is at risk of being used by a third party fraudulently (for example, as a result of an account compromise), Microsoft may suspend your account until you can reclaim ownership. Based on the nature of the compromise, we may be required to disable access to some or all of Your Content. If you are having trouble accessing your Microsoft account, please visit this website (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=238656). iii. Kids and Accounts. By creating a Microsoft account or using the Services, you accept and agree to be bound by these Terms and represent that you have either reached the age of "majority" where you live or your parent or legal guardian agrees to be bound by these Terms on your behalf. If you do not know whether you have reached the age of majority where you live, or do not understand this section, please do not create a Microsoft account before you have asked your parent or legal guardian for help. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a minor, you and the minor accept and agree to be bound by these Terms and you are responsible for supervising your minor in the use of the Microsoft account or Services, including purchases, whether the minor's account is now open or created later. iv. Closing Your Account. 1. In addition to any rights you have to cancel as specified in the "Refund Policy" section below (section 9.g), you can cancel specific Services or close your Microsoft account at any time and for any reason. To close your Microsoft account, please visit https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618278. When you ask us to close your Microsoft account, you can choose to put it in a suspended state for either 30- or 60-days just in case you change your mind. After that 30- or 60-day period, your Microsoft account will be closed. See section 4.a.iv.2 below for an explanation as to what happens when your Microsoft account is closed. Logging back in during the suspension period will reactivate your Microsoft account. 2. If your Microsoft account is closed (whether by you or us), a few things happen. First, your right to use the Microsoft account to access the Services stops immediately. Second, we'll delete Data or Your Content associated with your Microsoft account or will otherwise disassociate it from you and your Microsoft account (unless we are required by law to keep it, return it or transfer it to you or a third party identified by you). As a result, you may no longer be able to access any of the Services (or Your Content that you've stored on those Services) that require a Microsoft account. You should have a regular backup plan. Third, you may lose access to products you've acquired. b. Work or School Accounts. You can sign in to certain Microsoft services with a work or school email address. If you do, you agree that the owner of the domain associated with your email address may be notified of the existence of your Microsoft account and its associated subscriptions, control and administer your account, and access and process your Data, including the contents of your communications and files, and that Microsoft may notify the owner of the domain if the account or Data is compromised. You further agree that your use of the Microsoft services may be subject to the agreements Microsoft has with you or your organisation and these Terms may not apply. If you already have a Microsoft account and you use a separate work or school email address to access Services covered under these Terms, you may be prompted to update the email address associated with your Microsoft account in order to continue accessing such Services. c. Additional Equipment/Data Plans. To use many of the Services, you'll need an Internet connection and/or data/mobile plan. You might also need additional equipment, like a headset, camera or microphone. You are responsible for providing all connections, plans and/or equipment needed to use the Services and for paying the fees charged by the provider(s) of your connections, plans and equipment. Those fees are in addition to any fees you pay us for the Services and we will not reimburse you for such fees. Check with your provider(s) to determine if there are any such fees that may apply to you. d. Service Notifications. When there's something we need to tell you about a Service you use, we'll send you Service notifications and information the law requires us to provide. If you gave us your email address or phone number in connection with your Microsoft account, then we may send Service notifications to you via email or via SMS (text message), including to verify your identity before registering your mobile phone number and verifying your purchases. We may also send you Service notifications by other means (for example by in-product messages). Data or messaging rates may apply when receiving notifications via SMS. We recommend you monitor and maintain the email address you specified.If you don't consent to receive notices electronically, you must stop using the Services. e. Support. Customer support for some Services is available at https://support.microsoft.com. Certain Services may offer separate or additional customer support, subject to the terms available at https://www.microsoft.com/support-service-agreement, unless otherwise specified. Support may not be available for preview or beta versions of features or Services. If you live in Europe you can also refer a complaint to the EU's Online Dispute Resolution platform (https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr); please use MSODR@microsoft.com on the complaint form only and not for another purpose. f. Ending your Services. If your Services are cancelled (whether by you or us), first your right to access the Services stops immediately and your licence to the software related to the Services ends. Second, we'll delete Data or Your Content associated with your Service or will otherwise disassociate it from you and your Microsoft account (unless we are required by law to keep it, return it or transfer it to you or a third party identified by you). As a result, you may no longer be able to access any of the Services (or Your Content that you've stored on those Services). You should have a regular backup plan. Third, you may lose access to products you've acquired. If you have cancelled your Microsoft account and have no other account able to access the Services your Services may be cancelled immediately. 5. Using Third-Party Apps and Services. The Services may allow you to access or acquire products, services, websites, links, content, material, games, skills, integrations, bots or applications from independent third parties (companies or people who aren't Microsoft) ("Third-Party Apps and Services"). Many of our Services also help you find, make requests to, or interact with Third-Party Apps and Services or allow you to share Your Content or Data, and you understand that by using our Services you are directing them to make Third-Party Apps and Services available to you. The Third-Party Apps and Services may allow you to store Your Content or Data with the publisher, provider or operator of the Third-Party Apps and Services. The Third-Party Apps and Services may present you with a privacy policy or require you to accept their terms before you can install or use the Third-Party App or Service. See section 13.b for additional terms for applications acquired through certain Stores owned or operated by Microsoft or its affiliates (including, but not limited to, the Office Store, the Microsoft Store on Xbox and the Microsoft Store on Windows). You should review the third-party terms and privacy policies before acquiring, using, requesting, or linking your Microsoft Account to any Third-Party Apps and Services. Any third-party terms do not modify these Terms. Microsoft does not license any intellectual property to you as part of any Third-Party Apps and Services. You agree to assume all risk and liability arising from your use of these Third-Party Apps and Services and that Microsoft is not responsible or liable to you or others for information or services provided by any Third-Party Apps and Services. 6. Service Availability. a. The Services, Third Party Apps and Services, or material or products offered through the Services may be unavailable from time to time, may be offered on a limited basis, or may vary depending on your region or device, or other external factors such as your internet or network connection. If you change the location associated with your Microsoft account, you may need to re-acquire the products that were available to you and paid for in your previous region. b. We strive to keep the Services up and running; however, they are not offered with a guaranteed level of quality of service and all online services suffer occasional disruptions and outages. In the event of an outage or disruption to the Service, you may temporarily not be able to retrieve Your Content. We recommend that you regularly backup Your Content and Data that you store on the Services or store using Third-Party Apps and Services. 7. Updates to the Services or Software and Changes to These Terms. a. We'll inform you if we intend to change these Terms. We may change these Terms if it is necessary due to (i) applicable law, including, but not limited to, a change of such law; (ii) an advice and/or order based on applicable law; (iii) the evolution of the Services; (iv) technical reasons; (v) operational requirements or (vi) an advantageous change of terms for the user. We'll inform you of the intended change before it takes effect, either through the user interface, in an email message or through other reasonable means. We'll provide you the opportunity to cancel the Services at least 30 days before the change becomes effective. Using the Services after the changes become effective means you agree to the new terms.If you do not agree to the new terms, you must stop using the Services and close your Microsoft account in accordance with section 4.a.iv. We'll also expressly point to this fact when informing you about the intended change of these Terms. b. We may automatically check your version of the software, which is necessary to provide the Services and download software updates or configuration changes, without charging you, to update, enhance and further develop the Services. You may also be required to update the software to continue using the Services. Such updates shall be subject to these Terms unless additional or other terms accompany the updates, in which case, those other terms apply. If you decline to accept the additional or other terms applicable to the updates, you may not receive or use the updates. Microsoft isn't obligated to make any updates available and doesn't guarantee that we will support the version of the system for which you purchased or licensed the software, apps, content or other products. You may be provided with automatic or manual updates, which are not necessary to ensure the conformity of the Services for the reasons outlined in this section. By accepting these Terms, you hereby agree to be provided with such updates. c. We continuously work to improve the Services and may change the Services or delete features or stop providing access to Third-Party Apps and Services in that respect at any time, including, without limitation, if our agreements with third parties no longer permit us to make their material available, if it is no longer feasible for us to provide it, the technology advances or if customer feedback indicates that a change is needed. We will notify you in advance if a change to the Services will cause you to lose access to Your Content. For paid Services, we'll also notify you in advance of other material changes to the Services. Except to the extent required by applicable law, we have no obligation to provide a re-download or replacement of any material, Digital Goods (defined in section 13.j) or applications previously purchased. If we cancel a paid Service, we'll refund to you on a pro-rata basis the amount of payments that you've made corresponding to the portion of that Service remaining right before the cancellation. d. So that you can use material protected with digital rights management (DRM), like some music, games, films, books and more, DRM software may automatically contact an online rights server and download and install DRM updates. 8. Software Licence. Unless accompanied by a separate Microsoft licence agreement (for example, if you are using a Microsoft application that is included with and a part of Windows, then the Microsoft Software Licence Terms for the Windows Operating System govern such software), any software provided by us to you as part of the Services is subject to these Terms. Applications acquired through certain Stores owned or operated by Microsoft or its affiliates (including, but not limited to the Office Store, Microsoft Store on Windows and Microsoft Store on Xbox) are subject to section 13.b.i below. a. If you comply with these Terms, we grant you the right to install and use one copy of the software per device on a worldwide basis for use by only one person at a time as part of your use of the Services. For certain devices, such software may be pre-installed for your personal, non-commercial use of the Services. The software or website that is part of the Services may include third-party code. Any third party scripts or code, linked to or referenced from the software or website, are licensed to you by the third parties that own such code, not by Microsoft. Notices, if any, for the third-party code are included for your information only. b. The software is licensed, not sold, and Microsoft reserves all rights to the software not expressly granted by Microsoft under these Terms. This licence does not give you any right to, and you may not, unlawfully: i. circumvent or bypass any technological protection measures in or relating to the software or Services; ii. disassemble, decompile, decrypt, hack, emulate, exploit or reverse engineer any software or other aspect of the Services that is included in or accessible through the Services, except and only to the extent that the applicable copyright law expressly permits doing so; iii. separate components of the software or Services for use on different devices; iv. publish, copy, rent, lease, sell, export, import, distribute or lend the software or the Services, unless Microsoft expressly authorises you to do so; v. transfer the software, any software licences or any rights to access or use the Services; vi. use the Services in any unauthorised way that could interfere with anyone else's use of them or gain access to any service, data, account or network; vii. enable access to the Services or modify any Microsoft-authorised device (e.g.Xbox consoles, Microsoft Surface, etc.) by unauthorised third-party applications. 9. Payment Terms. If you purchase a Service, then these payment terms apply to your purchase and you agree to them. a. Charges. If there is a charge associated with a portion of the Services, you agree to pay that charge. The price stated for the Services includes all applicable taxes, unless stated otherwise. You are solely responsible for paying such taxes or other charges. Taxes are calculated based on your location at the time your Microsoft account was registered, unless stated otherwise. After we have given you notice that we did not receive an on-time, full payment from you, we may suspend or cancel the Services if you do not make the full payment within the relevant time. Suspension or cancellation of the Services for non-payment could result in a loss of access to and use of your account and its content. Connecting to the Internet via a corporate or other private network that masks your location may cause charges to be different from those displayed for your actual location. Depending on your location, some transactions might require foreign currency conversion or be processed in another country. Your bank might charge you additional fees for those services when you use a debit or credit card. Please contact your bank for details. b. Your Billing Account. To pay the charges for a Service, you will be asked to provide a payment method at the time you sign up for that Service. For all Services other than Skype, you can access and change your billing information and payment method on the Microsoft account management website (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618281) and for Skype software and products by signing into your account portal at https://skype.com/go/myaccount. Additionally, you agree to permit Microsoft to use any updated account information regarding your selected payment method provided by your issuing bank or the applicable payment network. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and payment method details, so we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed in connection with your transactions. If you tell us to stop using your payment method and don't provide us with another payment method after our notice to you to do so within an appropriate timeframe, we may suspend or cancel your paid Service for good cause. Changes made to your billing account won't affect charges we submit to your billing account before we could reasonably act on your changes to your billing account. c. Billing. By providing Microsoft with a payment method, you (i) represent that you are authorised to use the payment method you provided and that any payment information you provide is true and accurate; (ii) authorise Microsoft to charge you for the Services or available content using your payment method; and (iii) authorise Microsoft to charge you for any paid feature of the Services you choose to sign up for or use while these Terms are in force. As specified, we may bill you (a) in advance; (b) at the time of purchase; (c) shortly after purchase or (d) on a recurring basis for subscription Services. Also, we may charge you up to the amount you have approved, and we will notify you in advance of any change in the amount to be charged for recurring subscription Services and, in the case of a price change, provide you with the opportunity to cancel the Services before the price changes. We may bill you at the same time for more than one of your prior billing periods for amounts that haven't previously been processed. d. Recurring Payments. When you purchase the Services on a subscription basis (e.g. monthly, every three months or annually), you agree that you are authorising recurring payments, and payments will be made to Microsoft by the method and at the recurring intervals you have agreed to, until the subscription for that Service is terminated by you or by Microsoft. You must cancel your Services before the next billing date to stop being charged to continue your Services. We will provide you with instructions on how you may cancel the Services. You can manage recurring payments for select Services in your Microsoft account (https://account.microsoft.com/services). By authorising recurring payments, you are authorising Microsoft to store your payment instrument and process such payments as either electronic debits or fund transfers, or as electronic drafts from your designated account (for Automated Clearing House or similar payments), or as charges to your designated account (for credit card or similar payments) (collectively, "Electronic Payments"). Subscription fees are generally charged in advance of the applicable subscription period.If any payment is returned unpaid or if any credit card or similar transaction is rejected or denied, Microsoft or its service providers reserve the right to collect any applicable return item, rejection or insufficient funds fee and process any such payment as an Electronic Payment. e. Online Statement and Errors. For all Services other than Skype, Microsoft will provide you with an online billing statement on the Microsoft account management website (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618284), where you can view and print your statement. For Skype, you can access your online statement by signing in to your account at www.skype.com (https://www.skype.com). This is the only billing statement that we provide. An invoice with VAT may be made available depending on the Service and country. If we make an error on your bill, we'll correct it promptly after you tell us (or we notice it) and we investigate the charge. We recommend that you tell us within 120 days after an obvious error first appears on your bill as it is easier for us to resolve the issue during that period. You can address your requests for these purposes to the customer support service, as indicated in section 4.e. f. Refund Policy. You will be entitled to a cancellation period (a "Cooling-Off Period") of fourteen (14) days from the day of purchase, with or without cause. If the Service is partly delivered at the time of cancellation, you will get a pro-rated refund. You acknowledge the Cooling-Off Period ends at the time the Service is fully delivered to you, then your purchase cannot be refunded. When you purchase digital content from us, you will cease to have the right to cancel from the moment when you begin the download. Unless otherwise provided by law or by a particular Service offer, all purchases are final and non-refundable. For all Services other than Skype, information and directions on how to cancel a Service and request a refund using our Withdrawal Form, if you are entitled to a refund, is provided on Microsoft account management website (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618284). For Skype, please complete the Withdrawal Form using the information provided here (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618286). If you believe that Microsoft has charged you in error, you must contact Microsoft and we will investigate the charge. If we issue a refund or credit, we are under no obligation to issue the same or similar refund in the future. This refund policy does not affect any rights under applicable law. For more refund information, please visit our help topic (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618283). g. Terminating the Services. You may cancel the Services on the services and subscriptions management page in your Microsoft account (https://account.microsoft.com/) or by contacting customer service as described above in section 4.e. Cancelling paid Services stops future charges to continue the Service. You should refer back to the offer describing the Services as (i) you may not receive a refund at the time of cancellation; (ii) you may be obligated to pay cancellation charges; (iii) you may be obligated to pay all charges made to your billing account for the Services before the date of cancellation; and (iv) you may lose access to and use of your account when you cancel the Services. We will process your Data as described above in section 4. If you cancel, your Services end at the end of your current Service period or, if we bill your account on a periodic basis, at the end of the period in which you cancelled. If you initiate a chargeback or reversal with your bank for your payment of Services, we will deem you to have cancelled as of the date that the original payment was made and you authorise us to immediately cancel your service and/or revoke any content that was provided to you in exchange for such payment. h. Trial-Period Offers. If you are taking part in any trial-period offer, you may be required to cancel the trial Service(s) within the timeframe communicated to you when you accepted the offer in order to avoid being charged to continue the Service(s) at the end of the trial period. i. Promotional Offers. From time to time, Microsoft may offer Services for a trial period during which Microsoft will not charge you for the Services. Microsoft reserves the right to charge you for such Services (at the normal rate) if you breach the terms and conditions of the offer. j. Price Changes. If there is a fixed term and price for your Service offer, that price will remain in force for the term. You will need to agree to any new offer and price if you want to continue the Services.If your Services are on a periodic basis (for example, monthly), with no specific time length, and isn't a trial offer, we may change the price of the Services if we add new or improved Service features, to the extent the costs of providing the Service have increased accordingly, or in response to market changes (for example, due to labour costs, currency fluctuations, changes in taxes/regulations, inflation, licence fees, infrastructure and administrative costs). We will inform you at least 30 days before the price change becomes effective. You will have the opportunity to cancel the Services before the price changes in accordance with section 9.h above. When we notify you of the price change, we'll also inform you of the reasons and scope of the increase in prices and that the new price will become effective if you don't cancel the Services, and we'll also remind you of how you can cancel the Services. k. Payments to You. If we owe you a payment, then you agree to timely and accurately provide us with any information we need to get that payment to you. You are responsible for any taxes and charges you may incur as a result of this payment to you. You must also comply with any other conditions we place on your right to any payment. If you receive a payment in error, we may reverse or require return of the payment. You agree to cooperate with us in our efforts to do this. We may also reduce the payment to you without notice to adjust it for any previous over-payment. l. Late payments. In case of late payments, you must pay for the reasonable costs we incur to collect any past due amounts including lawyers' fees and other legal fees and costs, as permitted by law and regulations. We may suspend or cancel your Services if you fail to pay in full on time after we send you a reminder - with the threat of suspension and/or cancellation of the Services - to make your payment within an appropriate time. You can avoid suspension or cancellation if you make the required payment within the appropriate time set forth in the reminder. A different procedure will apply if the amount missing is marginal. Amounts missing below 2 per cent of the total invoice value will always be deemed marginal. Suspension or cancellation of the Services for non-payment could result in the loss of access to your Microsoft account. m. Gift Cards. Redemption and use of gift cards (other than Skype gift cards) are governed by the Microsoft Gift Card Terms and Conditions (https://support.microsoft.com/help/10562/microsoft-account-gift-card-terms-and-conditions). Information on Skype gift cards is available on Skype's Help page (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=615383). n. Bank Account Payment Method. You may register an eligible bank account with your Microsoft account to use it as a payment method. Eligible bank accounts include accounts held at a financial institution capable of receiving direct debit entries (e.g. a United States-based financial institution that supports automated clearing house ("ACH") entries, a European financial institution that supports Single Euro Payments Area ("SEPA") or "iDEAL" in the Netherlands). Terms you agreed to when adding your bank account as a payment method in your Microsoft account (e.g., the "mandate" in the case of SEPA) also apply. You represent and warrant that your registered bank account is held in your name or you are authorised to register and use this bank account as a payment method. By registering or selecting your bank account as your payment method, you authorise Microsoft (or its agent) to initiate one or more debits for the total amount of your purchase or subscription charge (in accordance with the terms of your subscription service) from your bank account (and, if necessary, initiate one or more credits to your bank account to correct errors, issue a refund or similar purpose), and you authorise the financial institution that holds your bank account to deduct such debits or accept such credits. You understand that this authorisation will remain in full force and effect until you remove your bank account information from your Microsoft account. Contact customer support as outlined above in section 4.e as soon as possible if you believe you have been charged in error. Laws applicable in your country may also limit your liability for any fraudulent, erroneous or unauthorised transactions from your bank account. By registering or selecting a bank account as your payment method, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree to these Terms. 10. Contracting Entity, Choice of Law and Place to Resolve Disputes.If you live in (or, if you are a business, your principal place of business is in) the European Union, Iceland, Lichtenstein, Norway, Switzerland or the United Kingdom, and you are using cost-free or paid Services, you are contracting with Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland (registered at the Companies Registration Office in Ireland under number 256796, VAT registration number: IE 8256796 U, with a registered address of 70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland). The laws of Ireland govern all claims related to cost-free and paid Services, but this shall not deprive you of the mandatory consumer protections under the law of the country to which we direct your Services where you have your habitual residence (or, if a business, where your principal place of business is located). With respect to jurisdiction, you and Microsoft agree to choose the courts of the country to which we direct your Services where you have your habitual residence (or, if a business, where your principal place of business is located) for all disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms, or in the alternative, you may choose the responsible court in Ireland. 11. Warranties. If you are a consumer, you have certain rights under the law. These rights include an obligation on Microsoft to provide the Services using reasonable care and skill. Nothing in these terms is intended to limit or exclude our liability for any breach by Microsoft of this and you shall benefit from the legal warranty of conformity and hidden defects under the law of the country to which we direct your Services. Learn more about your statutory rights here (https://www.microsoft.com/en-gb/store/b/aboutwarranties). SUBJECT TO THE WARRANTY ABOVE AND EXCEPT IN CASES IN WHICH WE HAVE HIDDEN DEFECTS IN BAD FAITH OR DEFECTS HAVE RENDERED USE OF THE SERVICES IMPOSSIBLE - AND EXCEPT FOR SKYPE PAID PRODUCTS - WE PROVIDE THE SERVICES "AS IS", "WITH ALL FAULTS" AND "AS AVAILABLE". WE DON'T GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY OR TIMELINESS OF THE SERVICES. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT COMPUTER AND TELECOMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS AREN'T FAULT-FREE AND THAT OCCASIONAL PERIODS OF DOWNTIME OCCUR. WE CAN'T GUARANTEE THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE. WE AND OUR AFFILIATES, RESELLERS, DISTRIBUTORS AND VENDORS GIVE NO CONTRACTUAL GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS. YOU HAVE ALL MANDATORY WARRANTIES FORESEEN BY LAW, BUT WE GRANT NO OTHER WARRANTIES. WE EXCLUDE ANY IMPLIED MANDATORY WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THOSE OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WORKMANLIKE EFFORT AND NON-INFRINGEMENT TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 12. Limitation of Liability. a. Microsoft shall not be liable for Your Content, material or other third party material, including links to third-party websites and activities provided by users. Such content and activities are neither attributable to Microsoft nor do they represent Microsoft's opinion. b. Microsoft shall only be liable if material obligations of the Agreement have been violated, or as otherwise required by applicable law. c. Microsoft, its vicarious agents and/or its legal representatives shall not be liable for any indirect damage, including financial loss, such as loss of profit, unless Microsoft, its vicarious agents and/or its legal representative have at least acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct. d. Any statutory no-fault liability of Microsoft, including statutory liability for breach of warranty, shall remain unaffected by the limitation of liability. The same shall apply to liability of Microsoft, its vicarious agents and/or its legal representatives in the event of fraud or their negligence resulting in personal injury or death. e. Microsoft is not responsible or liable for any failure to perform or delay in performing its obligations under these Terms to the extent that the failure or delay is caused by circumstances beyond Microsoft's reasonable control (such as labour disputes, acts of God, war or terrorist activity, malicious damage, accidents or compliance with any applicable law or government order). Microsoft will endeavour to minimise the effects of any of these events and to perform the obligations that aren't affected. 13. Service-Specific Terms. The terms before and after section 13 apply generally to all Services. This section contains service-specific terms that are in addition to the general terms. These service-specific terms govern if there are any conflicts with the general terms. a. Xbox. i. Personal Non-Commercial Use. The Xbox online service, Xbox Game Studios games (including Mojang Games) (https://www.xbox.com/xbox-game-studios), applications, subscriptions (e.g. Xbox Game Pass subscription service offerings), services (e.g. Xbox Cloud Gaming) and content provided by Microsoft (collectively, the "Xbox Services") are only for your personal and noncommercial use. ii. Xbox Services.When you sign up to receive Xbox Services, information about your game play, activities and usage of games and Xbox Services will be tracked and shared with applicable third parties, including game developers, in order for Microsoft to deliver the Xbox Services and for the third parties to operate non-Microsoft games and services. If you choose to link your Microsoft Xbox Services account with your account on a non-Microsoft service or sign in to your Xbox Services account to access a non-Microsoft Service (for example, a non-Microsoft game publisher of Third-Party Apps and Services), you agree that: (a) Microsoft may share limited account and usage-related information (including without limitation gamertag, gamer score, game score, game history, usage data and friends list), with that non-Microsoft party as stated in the Microsoft Privacy Statement, and (b) if allowed by your Xbox privacy settings, the non-Microsoft party may also have access to Your Content from in-game communications or other applications that you use when you are signed into your account with that non-Microsoft party. Also, if allowed by your Xbox privacy settings, Microsoft can publish your name, gamertag, gamerpic, motto, avatar, gameclips and games that you've played in communications to people you allow. iii. Your Content. As part of building the Xbox Services community, you grant to Microsoft, its affiliates and sublicensees a free and worldwide right, to use, modify, reproduce, distribute, broadcast, share and display Your Content or your name, gamertag, gamerpic, motto or avatar that you posted for any Xbox Services in whole or in part by any means or processes on any materials or support. iv. Game Managers. Some games may use game managers, ambassadors or hosts. Game managers and hosts are not authorised Microsoft spokespersons. Their views do not necessarily reflect those of Microsoft. v. Kids on Xbox. If you are a minor using the Xbox Services, your parent or guardian may have control over many aspects of your account and may receive reports about your use of the Xbox Services. vi. Game Currency or Virtual Goods. The Xbox Services may include a virtual, game currency (like gold, coins or points) that may be purchased from or on behalf of Microsoft using actual monetary instruments if you are a legal adult in your country of residence. The Xbox Services may also include virtual, digital items or goods that may be purchased from or on behalf of Microsoft using actual monetary instruments or using game currency. Game currency and virtual goods may never be redeemed for actual monetary instruments, goods or other items of monetary value from Microsoft or any other party. Other than a limited, personal, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable licence to use the game currency and virtual goods in the Xbox Services only, you have no right or title in or to any such game currency or virtual goods associated with any one or more Xbox games or apps appearing or originating in the Xbox Services, or any other attributes associated with use of the Xbox Services or stored within the Xbox Services. Microsoft may change its offerings around game currency or virtual goods from time to time. vii. Software Updates. For any device that can connect to Xbox Services, we may automatically check your version of Xbox console software or the Xbox app software and download Xbox console or Xbox app software updates or configuration changes, including those that prevent you from accessing the Xbox Services, using unauthorised Xbox games or Xbox apps, or using unauthorised hardware peripheral devices with an Xbox console. viii. Cheating and Tampering Software. For any device that can connect to Xbox Services, we may automatically check your device for unauthorised hardware or software that enables cheating or tampering in violation of the Code of Conduct or these Terms, and download Xbox app software updates or configuration changes, including those that prevent you from accessing the Xbox Services, or from using unauthorised hardware or software that enables cheating or tampering. ix. Additional Subscription Terms and Conditions. Xbox Services subscriptions are subject to additional terms and conditions set forth in the Xbox Subscriptions Terms & Conditions (https://www.xbox.com/legal/subscription-terms). x. Inactive Xbox Service Subscriptions. Microsoft may turn off your recurring billing and stop recurring charges in select countries if you do not use your Xbox Services subscription for a period of time. Microsoft will provide notice to you before turning off recurring billing. For more information, including the applicable period of inactivity, see Inactivity Policy FAQ (https://support.xbox.com/help/subscriptions-billing/manage-subscriptions/xbox-subscription-inactivity-policy). b. Store."Store" refers to a Service that allows you to browse, download, purchase and rate and review applications (the term "application" includes games) and other digital content. These Terms cover use of certain Stores owned or operated by Microsoft or its affiliates (including, but not limited to, the Office Store, Microsoft Store on Windows and Microsoft Store on Xbox). "Office Store" means a Store for Office products and apps for Office, Microsoft 365, SharePoint, Exchange, Access and Project (2013 versions or later) or any other experience that is branded Office Store. "Microsoft Store on Windows" means a Store, owned and operated by Microsoft or its affiliates, for Windows devices such as phone, PC and tablet or any other experience that is branded Microsoft Store and accessible on Windows devices such as phone, PC or tablet. "Microsoft Store on Xbox" means a Store, owned and operated by Microsoft or its affiliates and made available on Xbox consoles or any other experience that is branded Microsoft Store and made available on Xbox console. i. Licence Terms. We will identify the publisher of each application available in the relevant Store. Unless different licence terms are provided with the application, the Standard Application Licence Terms ("SALT") at the end of these Terms are an agreement between you and the application publisher setting forth the licence terms that apply to an application you download through any Store owned or operated by Microsoft or its affiliates (excluding the Office Store). For clarity, these Terms cover the use of, and services provided by, Microsoft Services. Section 5 of these Terms also applies to any Third-Party Apps and Services acquired through a Store. Applications downloaded through the Office Store are not governed by the SALT and have separate licence terms that apply. ii. Updates. Microsoft will automatically check for and download updates to your applications, even if you are not signed into the relevant Store. You can change your Store or system settings if you prefer not to receive automatic updates to Store applications. However, certain Office Store applications that are entirely or partly hosted online may be updated at any time by the application developer and may not require your permission to update. iii. Ratings and Reviews. If you submit a rating or review for an application or other Digital Good in the Store, you may receive email from Microsoft containing content from the publisher of the application or Digital Good. Any such email comes from Microsoft; we do not share your email address with publishers of applications or other Digital Goods you acquire through the Store. iv. Safety Warning. To avoid possible injury, discomfort or eye strain, you should take periodic breaks from use of games or other applications, especially if you feel any pain or fatigue resulting from usage. If you experience discomfort, take a break. Discomfort might include feelings of nausea, motion sickness, dizziness, disorientation, headache, fatigue, eye strain or dry eyes. Using applications can distract you and obstruct your surroundings. Avoid trip hazards, stairs, low ceilings, fragile or valuable items that could be damaged. A very small percentage of people may experience seizures when exposed to certain visual images like flashing lights or patterns that may appear in applications. Even people with no history of seizures may have an undiagnosed condition that can cause these seizures. Symptoms may include lightheadedness, altered vision, twitching, jerking or shaking of limbs, disorientation, confusion, loss of consciousness or convulsions. Immediately stop using and consult a doctor if you experience any of these symptoms, or consult a doctor before using the applications if you've ever suffered symptoms linked to seizures. Parents should monitor their children's use of applications for signs of symptoms. c. Microsoft Family Features. Parents and kids can use Microsoft family features, including Microsoft Family Safety, to build trust based on a shared understanding of what behaviour, websites, apps, games, physical locations and spending is right in their family. Parents can create a family by going to https://account.microsoft.com/family (or by following the instructions on their Windows device or Xbox console) and inviting kids or other parents to join. There are many features available to family members, so please carefully review the information provided when you agree to create or join a family and when you purchase Digital Goods for family access. By creating or joining a family, you agree to use the family in accordance with its purpose and won't use it in an unauthorised way to unlawfully gain access to another person's information. d. Group Messaging.Various Microsoft services allow you to send messages to others via voice or SMS ("messages"), and/or allow Microsoft and Microsoft-controlled affiliates to send such messages to you and one or more other users on your behalf. WHEN YOU INSTRUCT MICROSOFT AND MICROSOFT-CONTROLLED AFFILIATES TO SEND SUCH MESSAGES TO YOU OR TO OTHERS, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT TO US THAT YOU AND EACH PERSON YOU HAVE INSTRUCTED US TO MESSAGE CONSENT TO RECEIVE SUCH MESSAGES AND ANY OTHER RELATED ADMINISTRATIVE TEXT MESSAGES FROM MICROSOFT AND MICROSOFT-CONTROLLED AFFILIATES. "Administrative text messages" are periodic transactional messages from a particular Microsoft service, including but not limited to a "welcome message" or instructions on how to stop receiving messages. You or group members no longer wishing to receive such messages can opt out of receiving further messages from Microsoft or Microsoft-controlled affiliates at any time by following the instructions provided. If you no longer wish to receive such messages or participate in the group, you agree that you will opt out through the instructions provided by the applicable program or service. If you have reason to believe that a group member no longer wishes to receive such messages or participate in the group, you agree to remove them from the group. You also represent and warrant to us that you and each person you have instructed us to message understands that each group member is responsible for the costs of any message charges assessed by his or her mobile carrier, including any international message charges that may apply when messages are transmitted from US-based numbers. e. Skype, Microsoft Teams and GroupMe. i. Emergency Services. There are important differences between traditional mobile or fixed line telephone services and Skype, Microsoft Teams and GroupMe. Microsoft has limited obligations under applicable local or national rules, regulations or law to offer access to emergency services such as 911 or 112 emergency calling ("Emergency Services") through Skype, Microsoft Teams and GroupMe. ii. Only limited software versions of the Skype to Phone feature of Skype may support calls to Emergency Services in a very limited number of countries and depending on the platform used. You can find details about availability and how to configure this feature here: http://www.skype.com/en/legal/emergency-calling/. If your Skype to Phone emergency call is connected, you will need to provide the details of your physical location to enable the emergency services to respond to you. Microsoft does not guarantee that your emergency call will be connected. Find out more about calling 112, the dedicated emergency number for the EU at www.skype.com/go/emergency. iii. Changes to Skype paid products. If we make changes to Skype paid products which are detrimental to you, we'll give you at least thirty days' notice of the changes and inform you of your right to terminate the affected product before it changes. If you do not terminate the product before the changes take effect, you agree to the changes. We will expressly inform you of this fact when we notify you. iv. APIs or Broadcasting. If you want to use Skype in connection with any broadcast, you must comply with the "Broadcast TOS" at https://www.skype.com/go/legal.broadcast. If you want to use any application program interface ("API") exposed or made available by Microsoft you must comply with the applicable licensing terms, which are available at www.skype.com/go/legal. v. Fair Use Policies. Fair usage policies may apply to your use of Skype software and products. Please review these policies which are designed to protect against fraud and abuse and may place limits on the type, duration or volume of calls or messages that you are able to make. These policies are incorporated in these Terms by reference. You can find these policies at https://www.skype.com/go/terms.fairusage. vi. Mapping. Skype software and products contain features that allow you to submit information to, or plot yourself on a map using, a mapping service. By using those features, you agree to these Terms and the Google Maps terms available at https://www.google.com/intl/en_ALL/help/terms_maps.html. vii. Personal/Non-Commercial Use. The use of Skype software and products is for your personal and non-commercial use. You are permitted to use Skype at work for your own business communications. viii. Skype Number/Skype To Go. If Microsoft provides you with a Skype Number or Skype To Go number, you agree that you do not own the number or have a right to retain that number forever. In certain countries, a number may be made available to you by a Microsoft partner rather than Microsoft, and you may need to enter into a separate agreement with such partner. For more details on Skype Number see https://go.skype.com/home.skype-number. ix. Skype Manager.A "Skype Manager Admin Account" is created and managed by you, acting as an individual administrator of a Skype Manager group and not as a business entity. You may link your individual Microsoft account to a Skype Manager group ("Linked Account"). You may appoint additional administrators to your Skype Manager subject to their acceptance of these Terms. If you allocate Skype Numbers to a Linked Account, you are responsible for compliance with any requirements related to the residency or location of your Linked Account users. If you choose to unlink a Linked Account from a Skype Manager group, any allocated subscriptions, Skype Credit or Skype Numbers will not be retrievable and Your Content or material associated with the unlinked account will no longer be accessible by you. You agree to process any personal information of your Linked Account users in accordance with all applicable data protection laws. x. Skype Charges and Refunds. The charges payable for calling phones outside of a subscription consist of a connection fee (charged once per call) and a per-minute rate as set out on www.skype.com/go/allrates. Call charges will be deducted from you Skype Credit balance. Microsoft may change the rates for calling phones and premium rate numbers that are not part of a subscription. If the changes are substantial and not advantageous to you (e.g. if we increase the rates), we will inform you by email or in some other appropriate manner at least thirty (30) days before the rate changes take effect. After thirty (30) days, the new rates will apply to your next call. You can find the current rates at www.skype.com/go/allrates. If you do not accept the new rates you should not make a call. Fractional call minutes and fractional cent charges will be rounded up to the next whole unit. All prices for Skype paid products are inclusive of applicable taxes, including VAT, unless otherwise stated. VAT is calculated based on the billing address provided. You explicitly waive any right to VAT reimbursement from Microsoft if the amount of VAT ultimately payable by the latter to the tax authorities would for any reason be lower than the amount of VAT collected from you. Skype paid products are not available to customers in Mount Athos, Canary Islands, French Overseas Departments, Aland Islands, Channel Islands, Heligoland Island, Bsingen / Buesingen Territory, Ceuta, Melilla, Livigno, Campione d'Italia and Italian Waters of Lake Lugano. If you have made use of a Skype paid product, your Cooling-Off Period will be extinguished and your purchase cannot be cancelled or refunded. Expenditure of Skype Credit, allocation of a Skype Number or use of a subscription amounts to 'full delivery' and/or 'use' of a Skype paid product. You expressly agree that Skype Numbers may be allocated before the end of the Cooling-Off Period and become non-refundable upon allocation. Outside of the Cooling-Off Period, only unused or unexpired Skype subscriptions are refundable subject to these Terms. The Cooling-Off Period and refunds do not apply to Skype paid products that are (i) purchased via a third party partner, (ii) paid for in cash using third-party payment methods (such as a cash payment wallet), (iii) not directly purchased online from Microsoft (e.g. vouchers or pre-paid cards) or (iv) allocated to your account by a third party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may be entitled, under applicable law, to a refund, upon request, of any pre-paid subscription balance in the event you switch your Skype Number to another provider. xi. Skype Credit. Microsoft does not guarantee that you will be able to use your Skype Credit balance to purchase all Skype paid products. If you do not use your Skype Credit for a period of 180-days, Microsoft will place your Skype Credit on inactive status. You can reactivate the Skype Credit by following the reactivation link at https://www.skype.com/go/store.reactivate.credit. You can enable the Auto Recharge feature when you buy Skype Credit by ticking the appropriate box. If enabled, your Skype Credit balance will be recharged with the same amount and by your chosen payment method every time your Skype balance goes below the threshold set by Skype from time to time. If you purchased a subscription with a payment method other than credit card, PayPal or Moneybookers (Skrill), and you have enabled Auto-Recharge, your Skype Credit balance will be recharged with the amount necessary to purchase your next recurring subscription. You can disable Auto-Recharge at any time by accessing and changing your settings in your account portal in Skype. xii. International Message Fees. GroupMe currently uses US-based numbers for each group created. Every text message sent to or received from a GroupMe number will count as an international text message sent to or received from the United States. Depending upon your location, Microsoft Teams may be using a phone number that could count as an international text message.Please check with your provider for the associated international rates. f. Bing and Microsoft Start (including MSN). i. Bing and Microsoft Start Materials. The articles, text, photos, maps, videos, video players and third-party material available on Bing and Microsoft Start, including through Microsoft bots, applications and programs, are for your noncommercial, personal use only. Other uses, such as downloading, copying or redistributing these materials, or using these materials or products to build your own products, are permitted only to the extent specifically authorised by Microsoft or rights holders, or allowed by applicable copyright law. Microsoft or other rights holders reserve all rights to the material not expressly granted by Microsoft under the licence terms. ii. Bing Maps. You may not use Bird's eye imagery of the United States, Canada, Mexico, New Zealand, Australia or Japan for governmental use without our separate written approval. iii. Bing Places. When you provide your Data or Your Content to Bing Places, you grant Microsoft a worldwide, royalty-free intellectual property licence to use, reproduce, save, modify, aggregate, promote, transmit, display or distribute as part of a service and sub-license those rights to third parties. g. Cortana. i. Personal Non-Commercial Use. Cortana is Microsoft's personal assistant Service. The features, services and content provided by Cortana (collectively "Cortana Services") are only for your personal and non-commercial use. ii. Functionality and Content. Cortana provides a range of features, some of which are personalised. Cortana Services may allow you to access services, information or functionality provided by other Microsoft Services or Third-Party Apps and Services. The service-specific Terms of section 13 also apply to your use of applicable Microsoft Services accessed through Cortana Services. Cortana provides information for your planning purposes only and you should exercise your own independent judgement when reviewing and relying on this information. Microsoft does not guarantee the reliability, availability or timeliness of personalised experiences provided by Cortana. Microsoft is not responsible if a Cortana feature delays or prevents you from receiving, reviewing or sending a communication or notification or obtaining a service. iii. Third-Party Apps and Services. As part of delivering the Cortana Services, Cortana may suggest and help you interact with Third-Party Apps and Services (third-party skills or connected services). If you choose, Cortana may exchange information with Third-Party Apps and Services, such as your post code and queries and responses returned by the Third-Party App and Services, to help you obtain the requested services. Cortana may enable you to make purchases through Third-Party Apps and Services using the account preferences and settings you have established directly with those Third-Party Apps and Services. You can disconnect your Cortana Service from Third-Party Apps and Services at any time. Your use of the Cortana Services to connect with Third-Party Apps and Services is subject to section 5 of these Terms. Publishers of Third-Party Apps and Services may change or discontinue the functionality or features of their Third-Party Apps and Services or integration with Cortana Services. Microsoft is not responsible or liable for manufacturer provided software or firmware. iv. Cortana-Enabled Devices. Cortana-enabled devices are products or devices that are enabled to access Cortana Services, or products or devices that are compatible with Cortana Services. Cortana-enabled devices include third-party devices or products that Microsoft does not own, manufacture or develop. Microsoft is not responsible or liable for these third-party devices or products. v. Software Updates. We may automatically check your version of Cortana Services software which is necessary to provide the Services and download software updates or configuration change, without charging you or require any manufacturers of Cortana-enabled devices to keep the Cortana Services software up to date. h. Office Services. i. Microsoft 365 Home, Microsoft 365 Personal, Office Online, Sway, OneNote.com and any other Microsoft 365 subscription or Office-branded Services are for your personal, non-commercial use, unless you have commercial use rights under a separate agreement with Microsoft. Use of apps such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, OneDrive, Access and Publisher in Microsoft 365 Family, Microsoft 365 Personal and any other Microsoft 365 subscription Services is governed by supplemental licence terms located at https://aka.ms/useterms together with these Terms. ii. Outlook. Outlook includes use of Bing Maps. Any content provided through Bing Maps, including geocodes, can only be used within the product through which the content is provided.Your use of Bing Maps is governed by the Bing Maps End User Terms of Use available at go.microsoft.com/?linkid=9710837 and the Microsoft Privacy Statement available at go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=248686. i. Health Bots. Health bots, which may include action plans, insights, reminders and other features, are not medical devices and are only intended for fitness and wellness purposes with a programme issued by a care provider. They are not designed or intended as substitutes for professional medical advice or for use in the diagnosis, cure, mitigation, prevention or treatment of disease or other conditions. You assume full responsibility for your use of health bots. Microsoft is not responsible for any decision you make based on information you receive from health bots. You should always consult a doctor with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition, diet, fitness or wellness programme before using health bots. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of information that you accessed on or through the Services. As with any technology, health bots may not work as intended for a variety of reasons including loss of power or connectivity. j. Digital Goods. Through Microsoft Groove, Microsoft Films & TV, Store, Xbox Services and any other related and future services, Microsoft may enable you to obtain, listen to, view, play or read (as the case may be) music, images, video, text, books, games or other material ("Digital Goods") that you may get in digital form. The Digital Goods are only for your personal, non-commercial entertainment use. You agree not to redistribute, broadcast, publicly perform or publicly display or transfer any copies of the Digital Goods. Digital Goods may be owned by Microsoft or by third parties. In all circumstances, you understand and acknowledge that your rights with respect to Digital Goods are limited by these Terms, copyright law and the usage rules located at https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=723143. You agree that you will not attempt to modify any Digital Goods obtained through any of the Services for any reason whatsoever, including for the purpose of disguising or changing ownership or source of the Digital Goods. Microsoft or the owners of the Digital Goods may, from time to time, remove Digital Goods from the Services without notice. k. OneDrive. i. Storage Allocation. If you have more content stored in your OneDrive account than is provided to you under the terms of your free or paid subscription service for OneDrive and you do not respond to notice from Microsoft to fix your account by removing excess content or moving to a new subscription plan with more storage within 30 days of providing you notice (or any longer period specific in the notice), we reserve the right to close your account and delete or disable access to Your Content on OneDrive. ii. Service Performance. Depending on factors such as your equipment, Internet connection and Microsoft's efforts to maintain the performance and integrity of its service, you may occasionally experience delays in uploading or syncing content on OneDrive. iii. Notice of Expiry. We will give you at least one months' notice before closing your OneDrive account for inactivity under section 4.a.ii. If you are a paid OneDrive subscriber, we won't close your account for inactivity during any period where you have paid for your OneDrive usage. iv. Changes to OneDrive Service. We will notify you at least 30 days in advance if any change to free or paid OneDrive services will cause you to lose access to Your Content on OneDrive. v. Paid Subscriptions. If we reduce your OneDrive data storage limits or cancel the OneDrive service, you may cancel your paid subscription for OneDrive and we'll provide you with a pro-rated refund for such subscription. We will provide you at least 30-days' notice of any such change and you must cancel within the period set forth in the notice. l. Microsoft Rewards. i. Microsoft Rewards (the "Programme") enables you to earn redeemable points for activities such as qualified searches, acquisitions and other offers from Microsoft. Offers may vary by market. A search is the act of an individual user manually entering text for the good faith purpose of obtaining Bing search results for such user's own research purposes and does not include any query entered by a bot, macro or other automated or fraudulent means of any kind ("Search"). An acquisition is the process of purchasing goods or downloading and acquiring a licence for digital content from Microsoft, whether free or paid ("Acquisition"). Rewards points are not offered for every purchase from Microsoft. Microsoft may offer additional opportunities to earn points from time to time, and each points-earning offer will not be available in perpetuity. Your earned points can be redeemed for rewards listed on the redeem page at https://aka.ms/redeemrewards ("Rewards").For more information see the Rewards section at support.microsoft.com (https://support.microsoft.com) ("FAQ"). 1. Programme Requirements. You need a valid Microsoft account and your devices must meet the minimum system requirements (https://account.microsoft.com/rewards/). The Programme is open to users who reside in the markets listed in the FAQs. Individuals can have no more than one Programme account, even if an individual has multiple email addresses and households are limited to six accounts. The Programme is solely for your personal and non-commercial use. 2. Points. Except for donating your points to a not-for-profit organisation listed on the redeem page, you cannot transfer points. Points are not your personal property, and you may not obtain any cash or money in exchange for them. Points are awarded to you on a promotional basis. You cannot purchase points. Microsoft may limit the quantity of points or Rewards per person, per household or over a set period (e.g. a day) provided that you are not disadvantaged in breach of good faith. You may redeem no more than 550,000 points per calendar year in the Programme. Points earned in the Programme are not valid in, and may not be used in combination with, any other programme offered by Microsoft or third parties. Unredeemed points expire if you do not earn or redeem any points for 18 months. 3. Rewards. You may redeem your points or you may contribute points to a listed nonprofit organisation by visiting the redeem page (https://aka.ms/redeemrewards) or by signing up for automatic contributions to non-profit organisations through a giving programme. There may be a limited number of a particular Reward available, and those Rewards will be delivered on a first-come, first-served basis. You may be required to provide additional information, like your address and a telephone number (other than a VOIP or freephone number), and you may also be asked to enter a fraud-prevention code or sign additional legal documents to redeem points for Rewards. Once you have ordered a Reward, you cannot cancel it or return it for a refund of points except in the case of defective products or as required by applicable law. If you order a Reward that is out of stock or unavailable for other reasons, we may substitute a Reward of comparable value or refund your points. Microsoft may update the Rewards offered on the redeem page or discontinue offering specific Rewards. Some Rewards may have age eligibility requirements. Any such requirements will be included in the relevant offer. You are responsible for all federal, state and local taxes and any other costs of accepting and using the Reward. Rewards will be emailed to the email address associated with your Microsoft account, so keep your email address up to date. Rewards that are undeliverable will not be reissued and are therefore forfeited. Rewards are not for resale. For more information about contributing points automatically to non-profit organisations, see the Give with Bing FAQs (https://www.microsoft.com/rewards/give-mode-overview). 4. Cancelling Your Participation in the Programme. If you no longer wish to participate in the Microsoft Rewards programme, follow the instructions on the opt out page (https://account.microsoft.com/rewards/optout?confirm=false). If you opt out, you will immediately lose all of your available points. Your Programme account may be cancelled if you do not log in at least once in an 18-month period. Additionally, Microsoft reserves the right to cancel the Programme account of a specific user for tampering with, abusing or defrauding the Programme, or for breach of these terms. Upon Programme cancellation (by you or us) or if the Programme is suspended, you will have 90 days to redeem your points; otherwise, those points will be forfeited. At the point of cancellation, your right to use the Programme and accrue future points ends. 5. Other Conditions. Microsoft reserves the right to disqualify you; disable your access to the Programme or your Rewards account; and/or withhold points, Rewards and charitable contributions, if Microsoft believes you are tampering with or abusing any aspect of the Programme, ineligible to receive a Reward for legal reasons (such as export laws), or may be engaging in activities that violate these Terms. m. Azure. Your use of the Azure service is governed by the terms and conditions of the separate agreement under which you obtained the services, as detailed on the Microsoft Azure Legal Information page at https://aka.ms/AA7z67v. n. Microsoft Soundscape. You acknowledge that Microsoft Soundscape (1) is not designed, intended or made available as a medical device and (2) is not designed or intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, treatment or judgment and should not be used to replace or as a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, treatment or judgment. o. Power Platform.Your use of the Power Platform service is governed by the terms and conditions of the separate agreement under which you obtained the services, as detailed on the Power Platform Legal Information page at Microsoft Power Platform (https://powerplatform.microsoft.com/en-us/business-applications/legal/). 14. Miscellaneous. This section, and sections 1, 9 (for amounts incurred before the end of these Terms), 10, 11, 12, 16 and those that by their terms apply after it ends will survive any termination or cancellation of these Terms. We may assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of our rights and obligations under these Terms, in whole or in part, so long as such assignment, transfer or disposal isn't to your detriment, at any time without notice. You may not assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of these Terms or any rights to use the Services. If you live in Germany, you are not prevented from assigning any monetary claim against Microsoft. This is the entire agreement between you and Microsoft for your use of the Services. It supersedes any prior agreements between you and Microsoft regarding your use of the Services. All parts of these Terms apply to the maximum extent permitted by relevant law. If a court or arbitrator holds that we can't enforce a part of these Terms as written, those terms shall be deemed replaced with similar terms to the extent enforceable under the relevant law, but the rest of these Terms won't change. These Terms are solely for your and our benefit. It isn't for the benefit of any other person, except for Microsoft's successors and assigns. Section headings are for reference only. 15. Waiver of end-user consumer protection provisions. If you are a microenterprise, small enterprise or a not-for-profit organisation, you agree to waive any and all entitlements that you would otherwise have under the European Electronic Communications Code (Directive 2018/1972) Article 102 paragraphs 1, 3 and 5, Article 105 paragraph 1 and Article 107 paragraphs 1 and 3. 16. Export Laws. You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software and/or Services, which include restrictions on destinations, end users and end use. For further information on geographic and export restrictions, visit https://www.microsoft.com/exporting. 17. Reservation of Rights and Feedback. Except as expressly provided under these Terms, Microsoft does not grant you a licence or any other rights of any type under any patents, know-how, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks or other intellectual property owned or controlled by Microsoft or any related entity, including but not limited to any name, trade dress, logo or equivalents. If you give to Microsoft any idea, proposal, suggestion or feedback, including without limitation ideas for new products, technologies, promotions, product names, product feedback and product improvements ("Feedback"), you give to Microsoft, without charge, royalties or other obligation to you, the right to make, have made, create derivative works, use, share and commercialise your Feedback in any way and for any purpose. You will not give Feedback that is subject to a licence that requires Microsoft to license its software, technologies or documentation to any third party because Microsoft includes your Feedback in them. Notices and procedure for making claims of intellectual property infringement. Microsoft respects the intellectual property rights of third parties. If you have claims of intellectual property infringement, including claims of copyright infringement, we recommend that you send such notice to Microsoft's designated agent. For details and contact information, see Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement (https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/infringement). Microsoft uses the processes set out in Title 17, United States Code, Section 512 to respond to notices of copyright infringement. In appropriate circumstances, Microsoft may also disable or terminate accounts of users of Microsoft services who may be repeat infringers. Notices and procedures regarding intellectual property concerns in advertising. Please review our Intellectual Property Guidelines (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=243207) regarding intellectual property concerns on our advertising network. Copyright and trademark notices. The Services are copyright  Microsoft Corporation and/or its suppliers, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052, USA. All rights reserved. The Terms incorporate Microsoft Trademark & Brand Guidelines (https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general.aspx) (as amended from time to time). Microsoft and the names, logos and icons of all Microsoft products, software and services may be either unregistered or registered trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies in the United States and/or other countries.The following is a non-exhaustive list of Microsoft's trademarks at https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/EN-US.aspx. The names of actual companies and products may be the trademarks of their respective owners. Any rights not expressly granted in these Terms are reserved. Certain software used in certain Microsoft website servers is based in part on the work of the Independent JPEG Group. Copyright  1991-1996 Thomas G. Lane. All rights reserved. "gnuplot" software used in certain Microsoft website servers is copyright  19861993 Thomas Williams, Colin Kelley. All rights reserved. Medical notice. Microsoft does not provide medical or any other health care advice, diagnosis or treatment. Always seek the advice of your doctor or other qualified health care provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition, diet, fitness or wellness programme. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of information that you accessed on or through the Services. Stock quotes and index data (including index values). Financial information provided through the Services is for your personal, non-commercial use only. You may not use any of the finance data or marks of any third-party licensor in connection with the issuance, creation, sponsorship, trading, marketing or promotion of any financial instruments or investment products (for example, derivatives, structured products, investment funds, exchange-traded funds, investment portfolios, etc., where the price, return and/or performance of the instrument or investment product is based on, related to, or intended to track any of the finance data) without a separate written agreement with the third-party licensor. Financial notice. Microsoft isn't a broker/dealer or registered investment adviser under United States federal securities law or securities laws of other jurisdictions and doesn't advise individuals as to the advisability of investing in, purchasing or selling securities or other financial products or services. Nothing contained in the Services is an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security. Neither Microsoft nor its licensors of stock quotes or index data endorse or recommend any particular financial products or services. Nothing in the Services is intended to be professional advice, including without limitation, investment or tax advice. Notice about the H.264/AVC and VC-1 Video Standards. The software may include H.264/AVC and/or VC-1 codec technology that is licensed by MPEG LA, L.L.C. This technology is a format for data compression of video information. MPEG LA, L.L.C. requires this notice: THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE H.264/AVC AND THE VC-1 PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENCES FOR THE PERSONAL AND NONCOMMERCIAL USE OF A CONSUMER TO (A) ENCODE VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE STANDARDS ("VIDEO STANDARDS") AND/OR (B) DECODE H.264/AVC AND VC-1 VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY A CONSUMER ENGAGED IN A PERSONAL AND NONCOMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM A VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE SUCH VIDEO. NO LICENCE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA, L.L.C. SEE THE MPEG LA WEBSITE (https://www.mpegla.com). For clarification purposes only, this notice does not limit or inhibit the use of the software provided under these Terms for normal business uses that are personal to that business which do not include (i) redistribution of the software to third parties or (ii) creation of material with the VIDEO STANDARDS compliant technologies for distribution to third parties. Notice about the H.265/HEVC Video Standard. The software may include H.265/HEVC coding technology. Access Advance LLC requires this notice: IF INCLUDED, THE H.265/HEVC TECHNOLOGY IN THIS SOFTWARE IS COVERED BY ONE OR MORE CLAIMS OF THE HEVC PATENTS LISTED AT: PATENTLIST.ACCESSADVANCE.COM. DEPENDING ON HOW YOU OBTAINED THE SOFTWARE, THIS PRODUCT MAY BE LICENSED UNDER THE HEVC ADVANCE PATENT PORTFOLIO. If this software is installed on a Microsoft device, additional licensing information can be found at: aka.ms/HEVCVirtualPatentMarking. STANDARD APPLICATION LICENCE TERMS FOR APPLICATIONS OFFERED IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA MICROSOFT STORE, MICROSOFT STORE ON WINDOWS AND MICROSOFT STORE ON XBOX These licence terms are an agreement between you and the application publisher. Please read them. They apply to the software applications you download from the Microsoft Store, the Microsoft Store on Windows or the Microsoft Store on Xbox (each of which is referred to in these licence terms as the "Store"), including any updates or supplements for the application, unless the application comes with separate terms, in which case those terms apply. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THESE TERMS, YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO AND MUST NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE THE APPLICATION. The application publisher means the entity licensing the application to you, as identified in the Store.If you comply with these licence terms, you have the rights below. 1. INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS. You may install and use the application on Windows devices or Xbox consoles as described in Microsoft's Usage Rules (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=723143). Microsoft reserves the right to modify Microsoft's Usage Rules (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=723143) at any time. 2. INTERNET-BASED SERVICES. a. Consent for Internet-based or wireless services. If the application connects to computer systems over the Internet, which may include via a wireless network, using the application operates as your consent to the transmission of standard device information (including but not limited to technical information about your device, system and application software and peripherals) for Internet-based or wireless services. If other terms are presented in connection with your use of the services accessed using the application, those terms also apply. b. Misuse of Internet-based services. You may not use any Internet-based service in any way that you intentionally harm it or impair anyone else's use of it or the wireless network. You may not use the service to try to gain unauthorised access to any service, data, account or network by any means. 3. SCOPE OF LICENCE. The application is licensed, not sold. This agreement only gives you some rights to use the application. If Microsoft disables the ability to use the applications on your devices pursuant to your agreement with Microsoft, any associated licence rights will terminate. The application publisher reserves all other rights. Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the application only as expressly permitted in this agreement. In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the application that only allow you to use it in certain ways. You may not: a. Work around any technical limitations in the application. b. Reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the application, except and only to the extent that it is expressly permitted by applicable copyright law provisions for computer programs. c. Make more copies of the application than specified in this agreement or allowed by applicable law, despite this limitation. d. Publish or otherwise make the application available for others to copy. e. Rent, lease or lend the application. f. Transfer the application or this agreement to any third party. 4. DOCUMENTATION. If documentation is provided with the application, you may copy and use the documentation for personal reference purposes. 5. TECHNOLOGY AND EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. The application may be subject to United States or international technology control or export laws and regulations. You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the technology used or supported by the application. These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users and end use. For information on Microsoft branded products, go to the Microsoft exporting website (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=868967). 6. SUPPORT SERVICES. Contact the application publisher to determine if any support services are available. Microsoft, your hardware manufacturer and your wireless carrier (unless one of them is the application publisher) are not responsible for providing support services for the application. 7. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This agreement, any applicable privacy policy, any additional terms that accompany the application and the terms for supplements and updates are the entire licence agreement between you and application publisher for the application. 8. APPLICABLE LAW. a. United States and Canada. If you acquired the application in the United States or Canada, the laws of the state or province where you live (or, if a business, where your principal place of business is located) govern the interpretation of these terms, claims for breach of them and all other claims (including consumer protection, unfair competition and tort claims), regardless of conflict of laws principles. b. Outside the United States and Canada. If you acquired the application in any other country, the laws of that country apply. 9. LEGAL EFFECT. This agreement describes certain legal rights. You may have other rights under the laws of your state or country. This agreement doesn't change your rights under the laws of your state or country if the laws of your state or country don't permit it to do so. 10. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. The application is licensed "as-is", "with all faults" and "as available". The application publisher, on behalf of itself, Microsoft (if Microsoft isn't the application publisher), wireless carriers over whose network the application is provided, and each of our respective affiliates, vendors, agents and suppliers ("Covered Parties"), give no additional contractual warranties, guarantees or conditions in relation to the application.You have all mandatory warranties foreseen by law, but we grant no other warranties. To the extent permitted under local laws, Covered Parties exclude any implied mandatory warranties, including those of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, safety, comfort and non-infringement. 11. LIMITATION ON REMEDIES AND DAMAGES. a. The application publisher shall not be liable for any user content or other third-party material, including links to third-party websites, and activities provided by users. Such content and activities are neither attributable to the application publisher nor do they represent the application publisher's opinion. b. The application publisher shall only be liable if material obligations of these licence terms have been violated. c. The application publisher, its vicarious agents and/or its legal representatives shall not be liable for any unforeseeable damage and/or financial loss with respect to any indirect damage, including loss of profit, unless the application publisher, its vicarious agents and/or its legal representatives have at least acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct. d. Any statutory no-fault liability of the application publisher, including, without limitation, liability under the product liability act and statutory liability for breach of warranty, shall remain unaffected by the limitation of liability. The same shall apply to liability of the application publisher, its vicarious agents and/or its legal representative in the event of fraud or their negligence resulting in personal injury or death. e. No other contractual and legal claims besides those covered in subsections (a) to (e) of this section 11 may result from these application licence terms and/or the use of the application or services made available through the application. There are no affiliate contracting entities at this time. Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited is your contracting entity.Microsoft Services Agreement Published: April 1, 2021 Effective: June 15, 2021 IF YOU LIVE IN (OR YOUR PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IS IN) THE UNITED STATES, PLEASE READ THE BINDING ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER IN SECTION 15. IT AFFECTS HOW DISPUTES ARE RESOLVED. These terms ("Terms") cover the use of those Microsoft consumer products, websites, and services listed at the end of these Terms here (the "Services"). You accept these Terms by creating a Microsoft account, through your use of the Services, or by continuing to use the Services after being notified of a change to these Terms. 1. Your Privacy. Your privacy is important to us. Please read the Microsoft Privacy Statement (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=521839) (the "Privacy Statement") as it describes the types of data we collect from you and your devices ("Data"), how we use your Data, and the legal bases we have to process your Data. The Privacy Statement also describes how Microsoft uses your content, which is your communications with others; postings submitted by you to Microsoft via the Services; and the files, photos, documents, audio, digital works, livestreams and videos that you upload, store, broadcast or share through the Services ("Your Content"). Where processing is based on consent and to the extent permitted by law, by agreeing to these Terms, you consent to Microsoft's collection, use and disclosure of Your Content and Data as described in the Privacy Statement. In some cases, we will provide separate notice and request your consent as referenced in the Privacy Statement. 2. Your Content. Many of our Services allow you to store or share Your Content or receive material from others. We don't claim ownership of Your Content. Your Content remains Your Content and you are responsible for it. a. When you share Your Content with other people, you understand that they may be able to, on a worldwide basis, use, save, record, reproduce, broadcast, transmit, share and display Your Content for the purpose that you made Your Content available on the Services without compensating you. If you do not want others to have that ability, do not use the Services to share Your Content. You represent and warrant that for the duration of these Terms, you have (and will have) all the rights necessary for Your Content that is uploaded, stored, or shared on or through the Services and that the collection, use, and retention of Your Content will not violate any law or rights of others. Microsoft cannot be held responsible for Your Content or the material others upload, store or share using the Services. b. To the extent necessary to provide the Services to you and others, to protect you and the Services, and to improve Microsoft products and services, you grant to Microsoft a worldwide and royalty-free intellectual property license to use Your Content, for example, to make copies of, retain, transmit, reformat, display, and distribute via communication tools Your Content on the Services. If you publish Your Content in areas of the Service where it is available broadly online without restrictions, Your Content may appear in demonstrations or materials that promote the Service. Some of the Services are supported by advertising. Controls for how Microsoft personalizes advertising are available at https://choice.live.com (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=286759). We do not use what you say in email, chat, video calls or voice mail, or your documents, photos or other personal files, to target advertising to you. Our advertising policies are covered in detail in the Privacy Statement. 3. Code of Conduct. a. By agreeing to these Terms, you're agreeing that, when using the Services, you will follow these rules: i. Don't do anything illegal. ii. Don't engage in any activity that exploits, harms, or threatens to harm children. iii. Don't send spam or engage in phishing. Spam is unwanted or unsolicited bulk email, postings, contact requests, SMS (text messages), instant messages, or similar electronic communications. Phishing is sending emails or other electronic communications to fraudulently or unlawfully induce recipients to reveal personal or sensitive information, such as passwords, dates of birth, Social Security numbers, passport numbers, credit card information, financial information, or other sensitive information, or to gain access to accounts or records, exfiltration of documents or other sensitive information, payment and/or financial benefit. iv. Don't publicly display or use the Services to share inappropriate content or material (involving, for example, nudity, bestiality, pornography, offensive language, graphic violence, or criminal activity). v. Don't engage in activity that is fraudulent, false or misleading (e.g., asking for money under false pretenses, impersonating someone else, manipulating the Services to increase play count, or affect rankings, ratings, or comments). vi.Don't circumvent any restrictions on access to or availability of the Services. vii. Don't engage in activity that is harmful to you, the Services or others (e.g., transmitting viruses, stalking, posting terrorist or violent extremist content, communicating hate speech, or advocating violence against others). viii. Don't infringe upon the rights of others (e.g., unauthorized sharing of copyrighted music or other copyrighted material, resale or other distribution of Bing maps, or photographs). ix. Don't engage in activity that violates the privacy of others. x. Don't help others break these rules. b. Enforcement. If you violate these Terms, we may stop providing Services to you or we may close your Microsoft account. We may also block delivery of a communication (like email, file sharing or instant message) to or from the Services in an effort to enforce these Terms or we may remove or refuse to publish Your Content for any reason. When investigating alleged violations of these Terms, Microsoft reserves the right to review Your Content in order to resolve the issue. However, we cannot monitor the entire Services and make no attempt to do so. c. Application to Xbox Services. Click here (https://www.xbox.com/en-US/legal/community-standards) for more information about how this Code of Conduct applies to the Xbox online service, Xbox Game Pass, Games for Windows Live and Xbox Game Studios games, applications, services and content provided by Microsoft. Violation of the Code of Conduct through Xbox Services (defined in section 14.a.i) may result in suspensions or bans from participation in Xbox Services, including forfeiture of content licenses, Xbox Gold Membership time, and Microsoft account balances associated with the account. 4. Using the Services & Support. a. Microsoft account. You'll need a Microsoft account to access many of the Services. Your Microsoft account lets you sign in to products, websites and services provided by Microsoft and some Microsoft partners. i. Creating an Account. You can create a Microsoft account by signing up online. You agree not to use any false, inaccurate or misleading information when signing up for your Microsoft account. In some cases, a third party, like your Internet service provider, may have assigned a Microsoft account to you. If you received your Microsoft account from a third party, the third party may have additional rights over your account, like the ability to access or delete your Microsoft account. Please review any additional terms the third party provided you, as Microsoft has no responsibility regarding these additional terms. If you create a Microsoft account on behalf of an entity, such as your business or employer, you represent that you have the legal authority to bind that entity to these Terms. You cannot transfer your Microsoft account credentials to another user or entity. To protect your account, keep your account details and password confidential. You are responsible for all activity that occurs under your Microsoft account. ii. Account Use. You must use your Microsoft account to keep it active. This means you must sign in at least once in a two-year period to keep your Microsoft account, and associated Services, active, unless a longer period is provided in the Microsoft account activity policy at https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2086738 or in an offer for a paid portion of the Services. If you don't sign in during this time, we will assume your Microsoft account is inactive and will close it for you. Please see section 4.a.iv.2 for the consequences of a closed Microsoft account. You must sign into your Outlook.com inbox and your OneDrive (separately) at least once in a one-year period, otherwise we will close your Outlook.com inbox and your OneDrive for you. You must sign into the Xbox Services at least once in a five-year period to keep the gamertag associated with your Microsoft account. If we reasonably suspect that your Microsoft account is at risk of being used by a third party fraudulently (for example, as a result of an account compromise), Microsoft may suspend your account until you can reclaim ownership. Based on the nature of the compromise, we may be required to disable access to some or all of Your Content. If you are having trouble accessing your Microsoft account, please visit this website: https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=238656. iii. Kids and Accounts. By creating a Microsoft account or using the Services, you accept and agree to be bound by these Terms and represent that you have either reached the age of "majority" where you live or your parent or legal guardian agrees to be bound by these Terms on your behalf. If you do not know whether you have reached the age of majority where you live, or do not understand this section, please ask your parent or legal guardian for help.If you are the parent or legal guardian of a minor, you and the minor accept and agree to be bound by these Terms and are responsible for all use of the Microsoft account or Services, including purchases, whether the minor's account is now open or created later. iv. Closing Your Account. 1. You can cancel specific Services or close your Microsoft account at any time and for any reason. To close your Microsoft account, please visit https://account.live.com/closeaccount.aspx. When you ask us to close your Microsoft account, you can choose to put it in a suspended state for either 30 or 60 days just in case you change your mind. After that 30- or 60-day period, your Microsoft account will be closed. Please see section 4.a.iv.2 below for an explanation as to what happens when your Microsoft account is closed. Logging back in during the suspension period will reactivate your Microsoft account. 2. If your Microsoft account is closed (whether by you or us), a few things happen. First, your right to use the Microsoft account to access the Services stops immediately. Second, we'll delete Data or Your Content associated with your Microsoft account or will otherwise disassociate it from you and your Microsoft account (unless we are required by law to keep it, return it, or transfer it to you or a third party identified by you). You should have a regular backup plan as Microsoft won't be able to retrieve Your Content or Data once your account is closed. Third, you may lose access to products you've acquired. b. Work or School Accounts. You can sign into certain Microsoft services with a work or school email address. If you do, you agree that the owner of the domain associated with your email address may be notified of the existence of your Microsoft account and its associated subscriptions, control and administer your account, and access and process your Data, including the contents of your communications and files, and that Microsoft may notify the owner of the domain if the account or Data is compromised. You further agree that your use of the Microsoft services may be subject to the agreements Microsoft has with you or your organization and these Terms may not apply. If you already have a Microsoft account and you use a separate work or school email address to access Services covered under these Terms, you may be prompted to update the email address associated with your Microsoft account in order to continue accessing such Services. c. Additional Equipment/Data Plans. To use many of the Services, you'll need an internet connection and/or data/cellular plan. You might also need additional equipment, like a headset, camera or microphone. You are responsible for providing all connections, plans, and equipment needed to use the Services and for paying the fees charged by the provider(s) of your connections, plans, and equipment. Those fees are in addition to any fees you pay us for the Services and we will not reimburse you for such fees. Check with your provider(s) to determine if there are any such fees that may apply to you. d. Service Notifications. When there's something we need to tell you about a Service you use, we'll send you Service notifications. If you gave us your email address or phone number in connection with your Microsoft account, then we may send Service notifications to you via email or via SMS (text message), including to verify your identity before registering your mobile phone number and verifying your purchases. We may also send you Service notifications by other means (for example by in-product messages). Data or messaging rates may apply when receiving notifications via SMS. e. Support. Customer support for some Services is available at https://support.microsoft.com. Certain Services may offer separate or additional customer support, subject to the terms available at www.microsoft.com/support-service-agreement, unless otherwise specified. Support may not be available for preview or beta versions of features or Services. f. Ending your Services. If your Services are canceled (whether by you or us), first your right to access the Services stops immediately and your license to the software related to the Services ends. Second, we'll delete Data or Your Content associated with your Service or will otherwise disassociate it from you and your Microsoft account (unless we are required by law to keep it, return it, or transfer it to you or a third party identified by you). As a result you may no longer be able to access any of the Services (or Your Content that you've stored on those Services). You should have a regular backup plan. Third, you may lose access to products you've acquired. If you have canceled your Microsoft account and have no other account able to access the Services your Services may be canceled immediately. 5. Using Third-Party Apps and Services.The Services may allow you to access or acquire products, services, websites, links, content, material, games, skills, integrations, bots or applications from independent third parties (companies or people who aren't Microsoft) ("Third-Party Apps and Services"). Many of our Services also help you find, make requests to, or interact with Third-Party Apps and Services or allow you to share Your Content or Data, and you understand that by using our Services you are directing them to make Third-Party Apps and Services available to you. The Third-Party Apps and Services may allow you to store Your Content or Data with the publisher, provider or operator of the Third-Party Apps and Services. The Third-Party Apps and Services may present you with a privacy policy or require you to accept their terms before you can install or use the Third-Party App or Service. See section 14.b for additional terms for applications acquired through certain Stores owned or operated by Microsoft or its affiliates (including, but not limited to, the Office Store, the Microsoft Store on Xbox and the Microsoft Store on Windows). You should review the third-party terms and privacy policies before acquiring, using, requesting, or linking your Microsoft Account to any Third-Party Apps and Services. Any third-party terms do not modify any of these Terms. You are responsible for your dealings with third parties. Microsoft does not license any intellectual property to you as part of any Third-Party Apps and Services and is not responsible or liable to you or others for information or services provided by any Third-Party Apps and Services. 6. Service Availability. a. The Services, Third-Party Apps and Services, or material or products offered through the Services may be unavailable from time to time, may be offered for a limited time, or may vary depending on your region or device. If you change the location associated with your Microsoft account, you may need to re-acquire the material or applications that were available to you and paid for in your previous region. b. We strive to keep the Services up and running; however, all online services suffer occasional disruptions and outages, and Microsoft is not liable for any disruption or loss you may suffer as a result. In the event of an outage, you may not be able to retrieve Your Content or Data that you've stored. We recommend that you regularly backup Your Content and Data that you store on the Services or store using Third-Party Apps and Services. 7. Updates to the Services or Software, and Changes to These Terms. a. We may change these Terms at any time, and we'll tell you when we do. Using the Services after the changes become effective means you agree to the new terms. If you don't agree to the new terms, you must stop using the Services, close your Microsoft account and, if you are a parent or guardian, help your minor child close his or her Microsoft account. b. Sometimes you'll need software updates to keep using the Services. We may automatically check your version of the software and download software updates or configuration changes. You may also be required to update the software to continue using the Services. Such updates are subject to these Terms unless other terms accompany the updates, in which case, those other terms apply. Microsoft isn't obligated to make any updates available and we don't guarantee that we will support the version of the system or device for which you purchased or licensed the software, apps, content or other products. c. Additionally, there may be times when we need to remove or change features or functionality of the Service or stop providing a Service or access to Third-Party Apps and Services altogether. Except to the extent required by applicable law, we have no obligation to provide a re-download or replacement of any material, Digital Goods (defined in section 14.k), or applications previously purchased. We may release the Services or their features in a preview or beta version, which may not work correctly or in the same way the final version may work. d. So that you can use material protected with digital rights management (DRM), like some music, games, movies, books and more, DRM software may automatically contact an online rights server and download and install DRM updates. 8. Software License. Unless accompanied by a separate Microsoft license agreement (for example, if you are using a Microsoft application that is included with and a part of Windows, then the Microsoft Software License Terms for the Windows Operating System govern such software), any software provided by us to you as part of the Services is subject to these Terms. Applications acquired through certain Stores owned or operated by Microsoft or its affiliates (including, but not limited to the Office Store, Microsoft Store on Windows and Microsoft Store on Xbox) are subject to section 14.b.i below. a.If you comply with these Terms, we grant you the right to install and use one copy of the software per device on a worldwide basis for use by only one person at a time as part of your use of the Services. For certain devices, such software may be pre-installed for your personal, non-commercial use of the Services. The software or website that is part of the Services may include third-party code. Any third-party scripts or code, linked to or referenced from the software or website, are licensed to you by the third parties that own such code, not by Microsoft. Notices, if any, for the third-party code are included for your information only. b. The software is licensed, not sold, and Microsoft reserves all rights to the software not expressly granted by Microsoft, whether by implication, estoppel, or otherwise. This license does not give you any right to, and you may not: i. circumvent or bypass any technological protection measures in or relating to the software or Services; ii. disassemble, decompile, decrypt, hack, emulate, exploit, or reverse engineer any software or other aspect of the Services that is included in or accessible through the Services, except and only to the extent that the applicable copyright law expressly permits doing so; iii. separate components of the software or Services for use on different devices; iv. publish, copy, rent, lease, sell, export, import, distribute, or lend the software or the Services, unless Microsoft expressly authorizes you to do so; v. transfer the software, any software licenses, or any rights to access or use the Services; vi. use the Services in any unauthorized way that could interfere with anyone else's use of them or gain access to any service, data, account, or network; vii. enable access to the Services or modify any Microsoft-authorized device (e.g., Xbox consoles, Microsoft Surface, etc.) by unauthorized third-party applications. 9. Payment Terms. If you purchase a Service, then these payment terms apply to your purchase and you agree to them. a. Charges. If there is a charge associated with a portion of the Services, you agree to pay that charge. The price stated for the Services excludes all applicable taxes and currency exchange settlements, unless stated otherwise. The price for Skype paid products includes a charge for the product and a charge for taxes. You are solely responsible for paying such taxes or other charges. Taxes are calculated based on your location at the time your Microsoft account was registered. We may suspend or cancel the Services if we do not receive an on time, full payment from you. Suspension or cancellation of the Services for non-payment could result in a loss of access to and use of your account and its content. Connecting to the Internet via a corporate or other private network that masks your location may cause charges to be different from those displayed for your actual location. b. Your Billing Account. To pay the charges for a Service, you will be asked to provide a payment method at the time you sign up for that Service. You can access and change your billing information and payment method on the Microsoft account management website (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618281) and for Skype by signing into your account portal at https://skype.com/go/myaccount. Additionally, you agree to permit Microsoft to use any updated account information regarding your selected payment method provided by your issuing bank or the applicable payment network. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and payment method details, so we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed in connection with your transactions. Changes made to your billing account will not affect charges we submit to your billing account before we could reasonably act on your changes to your billing account. c. Billing. By providing Microsoft with a payment method, you (i) represent that you are authorized to use the payment method you provided and that any payment information you provide is true and accurate; (ii) authorize Microsoft to charge you for the Services or available content using your payment method; and (iii) authorize Microsoft to charge you for any paid feature of the Services you choose to sign up for or use while these Terms are in force. We may bill you (a) in advance; (b) at the time of purchase; (c) shortly after purchase; or (d) on a recurring basis for subscription Services. Also, we may charge you up to the amount you have approved, and we will notify you in advance of any change in the amount to be charged for recurring subscription Services. We may bill you at the same time for more than one of your prior billing periods for amounts that haven't previously been processed. d. Recurring Payments.When you purchase the Services on a subscription basis (e.g., monthly, every 3 months or annually), you agree that you are authorizing recurring payments, and payments will be made to Microsoft by the method and at the recurring intervals you have agreed to, until the subscription for that Service is terminated by you or by Microsoft. You must cancel your Services before the next billing date to stop being charged to continue your Services. We will provide you with instructions on how you may cancel the Services. By authorizing recurring payments, you are authorizing Microsoft to store your payment instrument and process such payments as either electronic debits or fund transfers, or as electronic drafts from your designated account (for Automated Clearing House or similar payments), or as charges to your designated account (for credit card or similar payments) (collectively, "Electronic Payments"). Subscription fees are generally charged in advance of the applicable subscription period. If any payment is returned unpaid or if any credit card or similar transaction is rejected or denied, Microsoft or its service providers reserve the right to collect any applicable return item, rejection or insufficient funds fee and process any such payment as an Electronic Payment. e. Online Statement and Errors. Microsoft will provide you with an online billing statement on the Microsoft account management website (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618282), where you can view and print your statement. For Skype, you can access your online statement by signing into your account at www.skype.com (https://www.skype.com). This is the only billing statement that we provide. If we make an error on your bill, you must tell us within 90 days after the error first appears on your bill. We will then promptly investigate the charge. If you do not tell us within that time, you release us from all liability and claims of loss resulting from the error and we won't be required to correct the error or provide a refund. If Microsoft has identified a billing error, we will correct that error within 90 days. f. Refund Policy. Unless otherwise provided by law or by a particular Service offer, all purchases are final and non-refundable. If you believe that Microsoft has charged you in error, you must contact us within 90 days of such charge. No refunds will be given for any charges more than 90 days old. We reserve the right to issue refunds or credits at our sole discretion. If we issue a refund or credit, we are under no obligation to issue the same or similar refund in the future. This refund policy does not affect any statutory rights that may apply. For more refund information, please visit our help topic (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618283). g. Canceling the Services. You may cancel a Service at any time, with or without cause. Cancelling paid Services stops future charges to continue the Service. To cancel a Service and request a refund, if you are entitled to one, visit the Microsoft account management website. You can request a refund from Skype using the Cancellation and Refund form (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618286). You should refer back to the offer describing the Services as (i) you may not receive a refund at the time of cancellation; (ii) you may be obligated to pay cancellation charges; (iii) you may be obligated to pay all charges made to your billing account for the Services before the date of cancellation; and (iv) you may lose access to and use of your account when you cancel the Services. We will process your Data as described above in section 4. If you cancel, your access to the Services ends at the end of your current Service period or, if we bill your account on a periodic basis, at the end of the period in which you canceled. If you initiate a chargeback or reversal with your bank for your payment of Services, we will deem you to have canceled as of the date that the original payment was made, and you authorize us to immediately cancel your service and/or revoke any content that was provided to you in exchange for such payment. h. Trial-Period Offers. If you are taking part in any trial-period offer, you may be required to cancel the trial Service(s) within the timeframe communicated to you when you accepted the offer in order to avoid being charged to continue the Service(s) at the end of the trial period. i. Promotional Offers. From time to time, Microsoft may offer Services for a trial period during which Microsoft will not charge you for the Services. Microsoft reserves the right to charge you for such Services (at the normal rate) if Microsoft determines (in its reasonable discretion) that you are breaching the terms and conditions of the offer. j. Price Changes. We may change the price of the Services at any time and if you have a recurring purchase, we will notify you by email, or other reasonable manner, at least 15 days before the price change.If you do not agree to the price change, you must cancel and stop using the Services before the price change takes effect. If there is a fixed term and price for your Service offer, that price will remain in force for the fixed term. k. Payments to You. If we owe you a payment, then you agree to timely and accurately provide us with any information we need to get that payment to you. You are responsible for any taxes and charges you may incur as a result of this payment to you. You must also comply with any other conditions we place on your right to any payment. If you receive a payment in error, we may reverse or require return of the payment. You agree to cooperate with us in our efforts to do this. We may reduce the payment to you without notice to adjust for any previous overpayment. l. Gift Cards. Redemption and use of gift cards (other than Skype gift cards) are governed by the Microsoft Gift Card Terms and Conditions (https://support.microsoft.com/help/10562/microsoft-account-gift-card-terms-and-conditions). Information on Skype gift cards is available on Skype's Help page (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=615383). m. Bank Account Payment Method. You may register an eligible bank account with your Microsoft account to use it as a payment method. Eligible bank accounts include accounts held at a financial institution capable of receiving direct debit entries (e.g., a United States-based financial institution that supports automated clearing house ("ACH") entries, a European financial institution that supports Single Euro Payments Area ("SEPA") or "iDEAL" in the Netherlands). Terms you agreed to when adding your bank account as a payment method in your Microsoft account (e.g., the "mandate" in the case of SEPA) also apply. You represent and warrant that your registered bank account is held in your name or you are authorized to register and use this bank account as a payment method. By registering or selecting your bank account as your payment method, you authorize Microsoft (or its agent) to initiate one or more debits for the total amount of your purchase or subscription charge (in accordance with the terms of your subscription service) from your bank account (and, if necessary, initiate one or more credits to your bank account to correct errors, issue a refund or similar purpose), and you authorize the financial institution that holds your bank account to deduct such debits or accept such credits. You understand that this authorization will remain in full force and effect until you remove your bank account information from your Microsoft account. Contact customer support as outlined above in section 4.e as soon as possible if you believe you have been charged in error. Laws applicable in your country may also limit your liability for any fraudulent, erroneous or unauthorized transactions from your bank account. By registering or selecting a bank account as your payment method, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree to these Terms. 10. Contracting Entity. For use of free and paid consumer Skype-branded Services, you're contracting with, and all references to "Microsoft" in these Terms mean, Skype Communications S..r.l, 23 - 29 Rives de Clausen, L-2165 Luxembourg. For all other Services, you're contracting with Microsoft Corporation, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052, U.S.A. 11. Choice of Law and Place to Resolve Disputes. If you live in (or, if a business, your principal place of business is in) the United States, the laws of the state where you live (or, if a business, where your principal place of business is located) govern all claims, regardless of conflict of laws principles, except that the Federal Arbitration Act governs all provisions relating to arbitration. You and we irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state or federal courts in King County, Washington, for all disputes arising out of or relating to these Terms or the Services that are heard in court (excluding arbitration and small claims court). 12. Warranties. MICROSOFT, AND OUR AFFILIATES, RESELLERS, DISTRIBUTORS, AND VENDORS, MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS WITH RESPECT TO YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES. YOU UNDERSTAND THAT USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR OWN RISK AND THAT WE PROVIDE THE SERVICES ON AN "AS IS" BASIS "WITH ALL FAULTS" AND "AS AVAILABLE." YOU BEAR THE ENTIRE RISK OF USING THE SERVICES. MICROSOFT DOESN'T GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY OR TIMELINESS OF THE SERVICES. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAW, WE EXCLUDE ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING FOR MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WORKMANLIKE EFFORT, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOU MAY HAVE CERTAIN RIGHTS UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAW. NOTHING IN THESE TERMS IS INTENDED TO AFFECT THOSE RIGHTS, IF THEY ARE APPLICABLE. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT COMPUTER AND TELECOMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ARE NOT FAULT-FREE AND OCCASIONAL PERIODS OF DOWNTIME OCCUR.WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT CONTENT LOSS WON'T OCCUR, NOR DO WE GUARANTEE ANY CONNECTION TO OR TRANSMISSION FROM THE COMPUTER NETWORKS. 13. Limitation of Liability. If you have any basis for recovering damages (including breach of these Terms), you agree that your exclusive remedy is to recover, from Microsoft or any affiliates, resellers, distributors, Third-Party Apps and Services providers, and vendors, direct damages up to an amount equal to your Services fee for the month during which the loss or breach occurred (or up to $10.00 if the Services are free). You can't recover any other damages or losses, including direct, consequential, lost profits, special, indirect, incidental, or punitive. These limitations and exclusions apply even if this remedy doesn't fully compensate you for any losses or fails of its essential purpose or if we knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages. To the maximum extent permitted by law, these limitations and exclusions apply to anything or any claims related to these Terms, the Services, or the software related to the Services. 14. Service-Specific Terms. The terms before and after section 14 apply generally to all Services. This section contains service-specific terms that are in addition to the general terms. These service-specific terms govern if there are any conflicts with the general terms. a. Xbox. i. Personal Noncommercial Use. The Xbox online service, Xbox Game Studios (https://www.xbox.com/xbox-game-studios) games (including Mojang Games), applications, subscriptions (e.g., Xbox Game Pass for PC, Xbox Game Pass for Console, Xbox Game Pass Ultimate), services (e.g., Xbox Live), and content provided by Microsoft (collectively, the "Xbox Services") are only for your personal and noncommercial use. ii. Xbox Services. When you sign up to receive Xbox Services, information about your game play, activities and usage of games and Xbox Services will be tracked and shared with applicable third-party game developers in order for Microsoft and the third-party game developers to operate their games and to deliver the Xbox Services. If you choose to link your Microsoft Xbox Services account with your account on a non-Microsoft service or sign in to your Xbox Services account to access a non-Microsoft Service (for example, a non-Microsoft game publisher of Third-Party Apps and Services), you agree that: (a) Microsoft may share limited account information (including without limitation gamertag, gamerscore, game score, game history, and friends list), with that non-Microsoft party as stated in the Microsoft Privacy Statement, and (b) if allowed by your Xbox privacy settings, the non-Microsoft party may also have access to Your Content from in-game communications when you are signed into your account with that non-Microsoft party. Also, if allowed by your Xbox privacy settings, Microsoft can publish your name, gamertag, gamerpic, motto, avatar, gameclips and games that you've played in communications to people you allow. iii. Your Content. As part of building the Xbox Services community, you grant to Microsoft, its affiliates and sublicensees a free and worldwide right to use, modify, reproduce, distribute, broadcast, share and display Your Content or your name, gamertag, motto, or avatar that you posted for any Xbox Services. iv. Game Managers. Some games may use game managers, ambassadors, or hosts. Game managers and hosts are not authorized Microsoft spokespersons. Their views do not necessarily reflect those of Microsoft. v. Kids on Xbox. If you are a minor using the Xbox Services, your parent or guardian may have control over many aspects of your account and may receive reports about your use of the Xbox Services. vi. Game Currency or Virtual Goods. The Xbox Services may include a virtual, game currency (like gold, coins or points) that may be purchased from or on behalf of Microsoft using actual monetary instruments if you have reached the age of "majority" where you live. The Xbox Services may also include virtual, digital items or goods that may be purchased from or on behalf of Microsoft using actual monetary instruments or using game currency. Game currency and virtual goods may never be redeemed for actual monetary instruments, goods or other items of monetary value from Microsoft or any other party. Other than a limited, personal, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to use the game currency and virtual goods in the Xbox Services only, you have no right or title in or to any such game currency or virtual goods appearing or originating in the Xbox Services, or any other attributes associated with use of the Services or stored within the Xbox Services. Microsoft may at any time regulate, control, modify and/or eliminate the game currency and/or virtual goods associated with any one or more Xbox games or apps as it sees fit in its sole discretion. vii.Software Updates. For any device that can connect to Xbox Services, we may automatically check your version of Xbox console software or the Xbox app software and download Xbox console or Xbox app software updates or configuration changes, including those that prevent you from accessing the Xbox Services, using unauthorized Xbox games or Xbox apps, or using unauthorized hardware peripheral devices with an Xbox console. viii. Gamertag Expiration. You must sign into Xbox Services at least once in a five-year period, otherwise you may lose access to the gamertag associated with your account and that gamertag may become available for use by others. ix. Cheating and Tampering Software. For any device that can connect to Xbox Services, we may automatically check your device for unauthorized hardware or software that enables cheating or tampering in violation of the Code of Conduct or these Terms, and download Xbox app software updates or configuration changes, including those that prevent you from accessing the Xbox Services, or from using unauthorized hardware or software that enables cheating or tampering. b. Store. "Store" refers to a Service that allows you to browse, download, purchase, and rate and review applications (the term "application" includes games) and other digital content. These Terms cover use of certain Stores owned or operated by Microsoft or its affiliates (including, but not limited to, the Office Store, Microsoft Store on Xbox and Microsoft Store on Windows). "Office Store" means a Store for Office products and apps for Office, Microsoft 365, SharePoint, Exchange, Access and Project (2013 versions or later), or any other experience that is branded Office Store. "Microsoft Store on Windows" means a Store, owned and operated by Microsoft or its affiliates, for Windows devices such as phone, PC and tablet, or any other experience that is branded Microsoft Store and accessible on Windows devices such as phone, PC, or tablet. "Microsoft Store on Xbox" means a Store owned and operated by Microsoft or its affiliates and made available on Xbox consoles, or any other experience that is branded Microsoft Store and made available on an Xbox console. i. License Terms. We will identify the publisher of each application available in the relevant Store. Unless different license terms are provided with the application, the Standard Application License Terms ("SALT") at the end of these Terms are an agreement between you and the application publisher setting forth the license terms that apply to an application you download through any Store owned or operated by Microsoft or its affiliates (excluding the Office Store). For clarity, these Terms cover the use of, and services provided by, Microsoft Services. Section 5 of these Terms also applies to any Third-Party Apps and Services acquired through a Store. Applications downloaded through the Office Store are not governed by the SALT and have separate license terms that apply. ii. Updates. Microsoft will automatically check for and download updates to your applications, even if you're not signed into the relevant Store. You can change your Store or system settings if you prefer not to receive automatic updates to Store applications. However, certain Office Store applications that are entirely or partly hosted online may be updated at any time by the application developer and may not require your permission to update. iii. Ratings and Reviews. If you rate or review an application or other Digital Good in the Store, you may receive email from Microsoft containing content from the publisher of the application or Digital Good. Any such email comes from Microsoft; we do not share your email address with publishers of applications or other Digital Goods you acquire through the Store. iv. Safety Warning. To avoid possible injury, discomfort or eye strain, you should take periodic breaks from use of games or other applications, especially if you feel any pain or fatigue resulting from usage. If you experience discomfort, take a break. Discomfort might include feelings of nausea, motion sickness, dizziness, disorientation, headache, fatigue, eye strain, or dry eyes. Using applications can distract you and obstruct your surroundings. Avoid trip hazards, stairs, low ceilings, fragile or valuable items that could be damaged. A very small percentage of people may experience seizures when exposed to certain visual images like flashing lights or patterns that may appear in applications. Even people with no history of seizures may have an undiagnosed condition that can cause these seizures. Symptoms may include lightheadedness, altered vision, twitching, jerking or shaking of limbs, disorientation, confusion, loss of consciousness, or convulsions. Immediately stop using and consult a doctor if you experience any of these symptoms, or consult a doctor before using the applications if you've ever suffered symptoms linked to seizures.Parents should monitor their children's use of applications for signs of symptoms. c. Microsoft Family Features. Parents and kids can use Microsoft family features, including Microsoft Family Safety, to build trust based on a shared understanding of what behaviors, websites, apps, games, physical locations, and spending is right in their family. Parents can create a family by going to https://account.microsoft.com/family (or by following the instructions on their Windows device or Xbox console) and inviting kids or other parents to join. There are many features available to family members, so please carefully review the information provided when you agree to create or join a family and when you purchase Digital Goods for family access. By creating or joining a family, you agree to use the family in accordance with its purpose and won't use it in an unauthorized way to unlawfully gain access to another person's information. d. Group Messaging. Various Microsoft services allow you to send messages to others via voice or SMS ("messages"), and/or allow Microsoft and Microsoft-controlled affiliates to send such messages to you and one or more other users on your behalf. WHEN YOU INSTRUCT MICROSOFT AND MICROSOFT-CONTROLLED AFFILIATES TO SEND SUCH MESSAGES TO YOU OR TO OTHERS, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT TO US THAT YOU AND EACH PERSON YOU HAVE INSTRUCTED US TO MESSAGE CONSENT TO RECEIVE SUCH MESSAGES AND ANY OTHER RELATED ADMINISTRATIVE TEXT MESSAGES FROM MICROSOFT AND MICROSOFT-CONTROLLED AFFILIATES. "Administrative text messages" are periodic transactional messages from a particular Microsoft service, including but not limited to a "welcome message" or instructions on how to stop receiving messages. You or group members no longer wishing to receive such messages can opt-out of receiving further messages from Microsoft or Microsoft-controlled affiliates at any time by following the instructions provided. If you no longer wish to receive such messages or participate in the group, you agree that you will opt out through the instructions provided by the applicable program or service. If you have reason to believe that a group member no longer wishes to receive such messages or participate in the group, you agree to remove them from the group. You also represent and warrant to us that you and each person you have instructed us to message understands that each group member is responsible for the costs of any message charges assessed by his or her mobile carrier, including any international message charges that may apply when messages are transmitted from US-based numbers. e. Skype, Microsoft Teams, and GroupMe. i. Emergency Services. There are important differences between traditional mobile or fixed line telephone services and Skype, Microsoft Teams, and GroupMe. Microsoft is not required to offer access to Emergency Services for Skype, Microsoft Teams, and GroupMe under any applicable local or national rules, regulations, or law. Skype's software and products are not intended to support or carry emergency calls to any type of hospitals, law enforcement agencies, medical care units or any other kind of services that connect a user to emergency services personnel or public safety answering points ("Emergency Services"). ii. APIs or Broadcasting. If you want to use Skype in connection with any broadcast, you must comply with the "Broadcast TOS" at https://www.skype.com/go/legal.broadcast. If you want to use any application program interface ("API") exposed or made available by Skype you must comply with the applicable licensing terms, which are available at www.skype.com/go/legal. iii. Fair Use Policies. Fair usage policies may apply to your use of Skype. Please review these policies which are designed to protect against fraud and abuse and may place limits on the type, duration or volume of calls or messages that you are able to make. These policies are incorporated in these Terms by reference. You can find these policies at: https://www.skype.com/en/legal/fair-usage/. iv. Mapping. Skype contains features that allow you to submit information to, or plot yourself on a map using, a mapping service. By using those features, you agree to these Terms and the Google Maps terms available at https://www.google.com/intl/en_ALL/help/terms_maps.html. v. Personal/Noncommercial Use. The use of Skype is for your personal and noncommercial use. You are permitted to use Skype at work for your own business communications. vi. Skype Number/Skype To Go. If Skype provides you with a Skype Number or Skype To Go number, you agree that you do not own the number or have a right to retain that number forever. For more details on Skype Number see https://secure.skype.com/en/skype-number/. vii. Skype Manager. A "Skype Manager Admin Account" is created and managed by you, acting as an individual administrator of a Skype Manager group and not as a business entity.You may link your individual Microsoft account to a Skype Manager group ("Linked Account"). You may appoint additional administrators to your Skype Manager group subject to their acceptance of these Terms. If you allocate Skype Numbers to a Linked Account, you are responsible for compliance with any requirements related to the residency or location of your Linked Account users. If you choose to unlink a Linked Account from a Skype Manager group, any allocated subscriptions, Skype Credit or Skype Numbers will not be retrievable and Your Content or material associated with the unlinked account will no longer be accessible by you. You agree to process any personal information of your Linked Account users in accordance with all applicable data protection laws. viii. Skype Charges. Skype paid products are sold to you by Skype Communications S..r.l, however the seller-of-record accountable for taxes is Skype Communications US Corporation. Taxes means the amount of taxes, regulatory fees, surcharges or other fees that we are required to collect from you and must pay to any United States (federal, state or local) or foreign government, agency, commission or quasi-governmental body as a result of our provision of Skype paid products to you. These taxes are listed at www.skype.com/go/ustax. All prices for Skype paid products are inclusive of a charge for your product and a charge for taxes, unless otherwise stated. The charges payable for calling phones outside of a subscription consist of a connection fee (charged once per call) and a per-minute rate as set out at www.skype.com/go/allrates. Call charges will be deducted from your Skype Credit balance. Skype may change its calling rates at any time by posting such change at www.skype.com/go/allrates. The new rate will apply to your next call after publication of the new rates. Please check the latest rates before you make your call. Fractional call minutes and fractional cent charges will be rounded up to the next whole unit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may be entitled, under applicable law, to a refund, upon request, of any pre-paid subscription balance in the event you switch your Skype Number to another provider. ix. Skype Credit. Skype does not guarantee that you will be able to use your Skype Credit balance to purchase all Skype paid products. If you do not use your Skype Credit for a period of 180 days, Skype will place your Skype Credit on inactive status. You can reactivate the Skype Credit by following the reactivation link at https://www.skype.com/go/store.reactivate.credit. You can enable the Auto Recharge feature when you buy Skype Credit by ticking the appropriate box. If enabled, your Skype Credit balance will be recharged with the same amount and by your chosen payment method every time your Skype balance goes below the threshold set by Skype from time to time. If you purchased a subscription with a payment method other than credit card, PayPal or Moneybookers (Skrill), and you have enabled Auto-Recharge, your Skype Credit balance will be recharged with the amount necessary to purchase your next recurring subscription. You can disable Auto-Recharge at any time by accessing and changing your settings in your account portal in Skype. If your Microsoft Account is closed, for any reason, any unused Skype credit associated with your Microsoft account will be lost and cannot be retrieved. x. International Message Fees. GroupMe and Microsoft Teams currently uses US-based numbers for each group created. Every text message sent to or received from a GroupMe or Microsoft Teams number will count as an international text message sent to or received from the United States. Please check with your provider for the associated international rates. f. Bing and MSN. i. Bing and MSN Materials. The articles, text, photos, maps, videos, video players, and third-party material available on Bing and MSN, including through Microsoft bots, applications and programs, are for your noncommercial, personal use only. Other uses, including downloading, copying, or redistributing these materials, or using these materials or products to build your own products, are permitted only to the extent specifically authorized by Microsoft or rights holders, or allowed by applicable copyright law. Microsoft or other rights holders reserve all rights to the material not expressly granted by Microsoft under the license terms, whether by implication, estoppel, or otherwise. ii. Bing Maps. You may not use Bird's eye imagery of the United States, Canada, Mexico, New Zealand, Australia or Japan for governmental use without our separate written approval. iii. Bing Places. When you provide your Data or Your Content to Bing Places, you grant Microsoft a worldwide, royalty-free intellectual property license to use, reproduce, save, modify, aggregate, promote, transmit, display or distribute as part of a service, and sub-license those rights to third parties. g. Cortana. i.Personal Noncommercial Use. Cortana is Microsoft's personal assistant Service. The features, services and content provided by Cortana (collectively "Cortana Services") are only for your personal and noncommercial use. ii. Functionality and Content. Cortana provides a range of features, some of which are personalized. Cortana Services may allow you to access services, information or functionality provided by other Microsoft Services or Third-Party Apps and Services. The service-specific Terms of section 14 also apply to your use of applicable Microsoft Services accessed through Cortana Services. Cortana provides information for your planning purposes only and you should exercise your own independent judgment when reviewing and relying on this information. Microsoft does not guarantee the reliability, availability or timeliness of personalized experiences provided by Cortana. Microsoft is not responsible if a Cortana feature delays or prevents you from receiving, reviewing or sending a communication or notification, or obtaining a service. iii. Third-Party Apps and Services. As part of delivering the Cortana Services, Cortana may suggest and help you interact with Third-Party Apps and Services (third-party skills or connected services). If you choose, Cortana may exchange information with Third-Party Apps and Services, such as your zip code and queries and responses returned by the Third-Party App and Services, to help you obtain requested services. Cortana may enable you to make purchases through Third-Party Apps and Services using the account preferences and settings you have established directly with those Third-Party Apps and Services. You can disconnect your Cortana Service from Third-Party Apps and Services at any time. Your use of Cortana Services to connect with Third-Party Apps and Services is subject to section 5 of these Terms. Publishers of Third-Party Apps and Services may change or discontinue the functionality or features of their Third-Party Apps and Services or integration with Cortana Services. Microsoft is not responsible or liable for manufacturer provided software or firmware. iv. Cortana-Enabled Devices. Cortana-enabled devices are products or devices that are enabled to access Cortana Services, or products or devices that are compatible with Cortana Services. Cortana-enabled devices include third-party devices or products that Microsoft does not own, manufacture, or develop. Microsoft is not responsible or liable for these third-party devices or products. v. Software Updates. We may automatically check your version of Cortana Services software and download software updates or configuration change or require any manufacturers of Cortana enabled devices to keep the Cortana Services software up to date. h. Office Services. i. Microsoft 365 Home, Microsoft 365 Personal, Office Online, Sway, OneNote.com and any other Microsoft 365 subscription or Office-branded Services are for your personal, noncommercial use, unless you have commercial use rights under a separate agreement with Microsoft. Use of apps such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, OneDrive, Access, and Publisher in Microsoft 365 Family, Microsoft 365 Personal, and any other Microsoft 365 subscription Services is governed by supplemental license terms located at https://aka.ms/useterms together with these Terms. ii. Outlook. Outlook includes use of Bing Maps. Any content provided through Bing Maps, including geocodes, can only be used within the product through which the content is provided. Your use of Bing Maps is governed by the Bing Maps End User Terms of Use available at go.microsoft.com/?linkid=9710837 and the Microsoft Privacy Statement available at go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=248686. i. Microsoft Health Services. i. Microsoft Band. Microsoft Band device and application are not medical devices and are intended for fitness and wellness purposes only. They are not designed or intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or in the cure, mitigation, treatment, or prevention of disease or other conditions. Microsoft is not responsible for any decision you make based on information you receive from Microsoft Band. ii. Health Bots. Health bots, which may include action plans, insights, reminders and other features, are not medical devices and are only intended for fitness and wellness purposes with a program issued by a care provider. They are not designed or intended as substitutes for professional medical advice or for use in the diagnosis, cure, mitigation, prevention, or treatment of disease or other conditions. You assume full responsibility for your use of health bots. Microsoft is not responsible for any decision you make based on information you receive from health bots. You should always consult a doctor with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition, diet, fitness, or wellness program before using health bots.Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of information you accessed on or through the Services. As with any technology, health bots may not work as intended for a variety of reasons including loss of power connectivity. j. Digital Goods. Through Microsoft Groove, Microsoft Movies & TV, Store, Xbox Services and any other related and future services, Microsoft may enable you to obtain, listen to, view, play or read (as the case may be) music, images, video, text, books, games or other material ("Digital Goods") that you may get in digital form. The Digital Goods are only for your personal, noncommercial entertainment use. You agree not to redistribute, broadcast, publicly perform or publicly display or transfer any copies of the Digital Goods. Digital Goods may be owned by Microsoft or by third parties. In all circumstances, you understand and acknowledge that your rights with respect to Digital Goods are limited by these Terms, copyright law, and the Usage Rules located at https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=723143. You agree that you will not attempt to modify any Digital Goods obtained through any of the Services for any reason whatsoever, including for the purpose of disguising or changing ownership or source of the Digital Goods. Microsoft or the owners of the Digital Goods may, from time to time, remove Digital Goods from the Services without notice. k. OneDrive. i. Storage Allocation. If you have more content stored in your OneDrive account than is provided to you under the terms of your free or paid subscription service for OneDrive and you do not respond to notice from Microsoft to fix your account by removing excess content or moving to a new subscription plan with more storage, we reserve the right to close your account and delete or disable access to Your Content on OneDrive. ii. Service Performance. Depending on factors such as your equipment, internet connection and Microsoft's efforts to maintain the performance and integrity of its service, you may occasionally experience delays in uploading or syncing content on OneDrive. l. Microsoft Rewards. i. Microsoft Rewards (the "Program") enables you to earn redeemable points for activities such as qualified searches, acquisitions, and other offers from Microsoft. Offers may vary by market. A search is the act of an individual user manually entering text for the good faith purpose of obtaining Bing search results for such user's own research purposes and does not include any query entered by a bot, macro, or other automated or fraudulent means of any kind ("Search"). An acquisition is the process of purchasing goods or downloading and acquiring a license for digital content from Microsoft, whether free or paid ("Acquisition"). Rewards points are not offered for every purchase from Microsoft. Microsoft may offer additional opportunities to earn points from time to time, and each points-earning offer will not be available in perpetuity. Your earned points can be redeemed for rewards listed on the redeem page at https://aka.ms/redeemrewards ("Rewards"). For more information see the Rewards section at support.microsoft.com ("FAQ"). 1. Program Requirements. You need a valid Microsoft account and your devices must meet the minimum system requirements (https://account.microsoft.com/rewards/). The Program is open to users who reside in the markets listed in the FAQ. Individuals can have no more than one Program account, even if an individual has multiple email addresses, and households are limited to six accounts. The Program is solely for your personal and noncommercial use. 2. Points. Except for sharing points within your Microsoft family (limits may apply) or donating your points to a nonprofit organization listed on the redeem page, you cannot transfer points. Points are not your personal property, and you may not obtain any cash or money in exchange for them. Points are awarded to you on a promotional basis. You cannot purchase points. Microsoft may limit the quantity of points or Rewards per person, per household, or over a set period (e.g., a day) provided that you are not disadvantaged in breach of good faith. You may redeem no more than 550,000 points per calendar year in the Program. Points earned in the Program are not valid in, and may not be used in combination with, any other program offered by Microsoft or third parties. Unredeemed points expire if you do not earn or redeem any points for 18 months. 3. Rewards. You may redeem your points or you may contribute points to a listed nonprofit organization by visiting the redeem page (https://aka.ms/redeemrewards) or by signing up for automatic contributions to non-profit organizations through a giving program. There may be a limited number of a particular Reward available, and those Rewards will be delivered on a first-come, first-served basis.You may be required to provide additional information, like your mailing address and a telephone number (other than a VOIP or toll-free number), and you may also be asked to enter a fraud-prevention code or sign additional legal documents to redeem points for Rewards. Once you order a Reward, you cannot cancel it or return it for a refund of points except in the case of defective products or as required by applicable law. If you order a Reward that is out of stock or unavailable for other reasons, we may substitute a Reward of comparable value or refund your points. Microsoft may update the Rewards offered on the redeem page or discontinue offering specific Rewards. Some Rewards may have age eligibility requirements. Any such requirements will be included in the relevant offer. You are responsible for all federal, state, and local taxes and any other costs of accepting and using the Reward. Rewards will be emailed to the email address associated with your Microsoft account, so keep your email address up to date. Rewards that are undeliverable will not be reissued and are therefore forfeited. Rewards are not for resale. For more information about contributing points automatically to non-profit organizations, see the Give with Bing FAQs (https://www.microsoft.com/rewards/give-mode-overview). 4. Cancelling Your Participation in the Program. If you no longer wish to participate in the Microsoft Rewards program, follow the instructions on the opt out page (https://account.microsoft.com/rewards/optout?confirm=false). If you opt out, you will immediately lose all of your available points. Your Program account may be cancelled if you do not log in at least once in an 18-month period. Additionally, Microsoft reserves the right to cancel the Program account of a specific user for tampering with, abusing, or defrauding the Program, or for breach of these terms. Upon Program cancellation (by you or us) or if the Program is suspended, you will have 90 days to redeem your points; otherwise, those points will be forfeited. At the point of cancellation, your right to use the Program and accrue future points ends. 5. Other Conditions. Microsoft reserves the right to disqualify you; disable your access to the Program or your Rewards account; and/or withhold points, Rewards and charitable contributions, if Microsoft believes you are tampering with or abusing any aspect of the Program, ineligible to receive a Reward for legal reasons (such as export laws), or may be engaging in activities that violate these Terms. m. Azure. Your use of the Azure service is governed by the terms and conditions of the separate agreement under which you obtained the services, as detailed on the Microsoft Azure Legal Information page at https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/support/legal/. 15. Binding Arbitration and Class Action Waiver If You Live In (or, If a Business, Your Principal Place of Business Is In) the United States. We hope we never have a dispute, but if we do, you and we agree to try for 60 days to resolve it informally. If we can't, you and we agree to binding individual arbitration before the American Arbitration Association ("AAA") under the Federal Arbitration Act ("FAA"), and not to sue in court in front of a judge or jury. Instead, a neutral arbitrator will decide and the arbitrator's decision will be final except for a limited right of review under the FAA. Class action lawsuits, class-wide arbitrations, private attorney-general actions, and any other proceeding where someone acts in a representative capacity aren't allowed. Nor is combining individual proceedings without the consent of all parties. "We," "our," and "us" includes Microsoft, Skype (see section 10) and Microsoft's affiliates. a. Disputes Covered-Everything Except IP. The term "dispute" is as broad as it can be. It includes any claim or controversy between you and us concerning the Services, the software related to the Services, the Services' or software's price, your Microsoft account, advertising, marketing, communications, your purchase transaction, billing, or these Terms, under any legal theory including contract, warranty, tort, statute, or regulation, except disputes relating to the enforcement or validity of your, your licensors', our, or our licensors' intellectual property rights. b. Mail a Notice of Dispute First. If you have a dispute and our customer service representatives can't resolve it, send a Notice of Dispute by U.S. Mail to Microsoft Corporation, ATTN: CELA Arbitration, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052-6399, U.S.A.. Tell us your name, address, how to contact you, what the problem is, and what you want. A form is available at https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=245499. We'll do the same if we have a dispute with you. After 60 days, you or we may start an arbitration if the dispute is unresolved. c. Small Claims Court Option.Instead of mailing a Notice of Dispute, you may sue us in small claims court if you meet the court's requirements in your county of residence (or, if a business, your principal place of business) or King County, Washington, U.S.A.. d. Arbitration Procedure. The AAA will conduct any arbitration under its Commercial Arbitration Rules (or if you are an individual and use the Services for personal or household use, or if the value of the dispute is $75,000 or less whether or not you are an individual or how you use the Services, its Consumer Arbitration Rules). For more information, see www.adr.org or call 1-800-778-7879. To start an arbitration, submit the form available at https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=245497 to the AAA and mail a copy to us. In a dispute involving $25,000 or less, any hearing will be telephonic unless the arbitrator finds good cause to hold an in-person hearing instead. Any in-person hearing will take place in your county of residence (or, if a business, your principal place of business) or our principal place of business-King County, Washington if your dispute is with Microsoft. You choose. The arbitrator may award the same damages to you individually as a court could. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only to you individually to satisfy your individual claim. Under AAA Rules, the arbitrator rules on his or her own jurisdiction, including the arbitrability of any claim. But a court has exclusive authority to enforce the prohibition on arbitration on a class-wide basis or in a representative capacity. e. Arbitration Fees and Payments. i. Disputes Involving $75,000 or Less. We will promptly reimburse your filing fees and pay the AAA's and arbitrator's fees and expenses. If you reject our last written settlement offer made before the arbitrator was appointed, your dispute goes all the way to an arbitrator's decision (called an "award"), and the arbitrator awards you more than this last written offer, we will: (i) pay the greater of the award or $1,000; (ii) pay your reasonable attorney's fees, if any; and (iii) reimburse any expenses (including expert witness fees and costs) that your attorney reasonably accrues for investigating, preparing, and pursuing your claim in arbitration. ii. Disputes Involving More than $75,000. The AAA rules will govern payment of filing fees and the AAA's and arbitrator's fees and expenses. f. Conflict with AAA Rules. These Terms govern to the extent they conflict with the AAA's Commercial Arbitration Rules or Consumer Arbitration Rules. g. Must File Within One Year. You and we must file in small claims court or arbitration any claim or dispute (except intellectual property disputes-see section 15.a) within one year from when it first could be filed. Otherwise, it's permanently barred. h. Rejecting Future Arbitration Changes. You may reject any change we make to section 15 (except address changes) by sending us notice within 30 days of the change by U.S. Mail to the address in section 15.b. If you do, the most recent version of section 15 before the change you rejected will apply. i. Severability. If any part of section 15 (Binding Arbitration and Class Action Waiver) is found to be illegal or unenforceable, the remainder will remain in effect (with an arbitration award issued before any court proceeding begins), except that if a finding of partial illegality or unenforceability would allow class-wide or representative arbitration, section 15 will be unenforceable in its entirety. 16. Miscellaneous. This section, and sections 1, 9 (for amounts incurred before the end of these Terms), 10, 11, 12, 13, 15, 18 and those that by their terms apply after the Terms end will survive any termination or cancellation of these Terms. We may assign these Terms, in whole or in part, at any time without notice to you. You may not assign your rights or obligations under these Terms or transfer any rights to use the Services. This is the entire agreement between you and Microsoft for your use of the Services. It supersedes any prior agreements between you and Microsoft regarding your use of the Services. All parts of these Terms apply to the maximum extent permitted by relevant law. If a court or arbitrator holds that we can't enforce a part of these Terms as written, we may replace those terms with similar terms to the extent enforceable under the relevant law, but the rest of these Terms won't change. Section 15.i says what happens if parts of section 15 (arbitration and class action waiver) are found to be illegal or unenforceable. Section 15.i prevails over this section if inconsistent with it. Except for section 15 (arbitration and class action waiver) these Terms are solely for your and our benefit; they aren't for the benefit of any other person, except for Microsoft's successors and assigns. 17. Export Laws.You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the software and/or Services, which include restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use. For further information on geographic and export restrictions, visit https://www.microsoft.com/exporting. 18. Reservation of Rights and Feedback. Except as expressly provided under these Terms, Microsoft does not grant you a license or any other rights of any type under any patents, know-how, copyrights, trade secrets, trademarks or other intellectual property owned or controlled by Microsoft or any related entity, including but not limited to any name, trade dress, logo or equivalents. If you give to Microsoft any idea, proposal, suggestion or feedback, including without limitation ideas for new products, technologies, promotions, product names, product feedback and product improvements ("Feedback"), you give to Microsoft, without charge, royalties or other obligation to you, the right to make, have made, create derivative works, use, share and commercialize your Feedback in any way and for any purpose. You will not give Feedback that is subject to a license that requires Microsoft to license its software, technologies or documentation to any third party because Microsoft includes your Feedback in them. Notices and procedure for making claims of intellectual property infringement. Microsoft respects the intellectual property rights of third parties. If you wish to send a notice of intellectual property infringement, including claims of copyright infringement, please use our procedures for submitting Notices of Infringement (https://www.microsoft.com/info/cpyrtInfrg.html). ONLY INQUIRIES RELEVANT TO THIS PROCEDURE WILL RECEIVE A RESPONSE. Microsoft uses the processes set out in Title 17, United States Code, Section 512 to respond to notices of copyright infringement. In appropriate circumstances, Microsoft may also disable or terminate accounts of users of Microsoft services who may be repeat infringers. Notices and procedures regarding intellectual property concerns in advertising. Please review our Intellectual Property Guidelines (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=243207) regarding intellectual property concerns on our advertising network. Copyright and trademark notices. The Services are copyright  Microsoft Corporation and/or its suppliers, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, WA 98052, U.S.A. All rights reserved. The Terms incorporate Microsoft Trademark & Brand Guidelines (https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general.aspx) (as amended from time to time). Microsoft and the names, logos, and icons of all Microsoft products, software, and services may be either unregistered or registered trademarks of the Microsoft group of companies in the United States and/or other jurisdictions. The following is a non-exhaustive list of Microsoft's trademarks (https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/en-us.aspx). The names of actual companies and products may be the trademarks of their respective owners. Any rights not expressly granted in these Terms are reserved. Certain software used in certain Microsoft website servers is based in part on the work of the Independent JPEG Group. Copyright  1991-1996 Thomas G. Lane. All rights reserved. "gnuplot" software used in certain Microsoft website servers is copyright  1986-1993 Thomas Williams, Colin Kelley. All rights reserved. Medical notice. Microsoft does not provide medical or any other health care advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health care provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition, diet, fitness, or wellness program. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of information you accessed on or through the Services. Stock quotes and index data (including index values). Financial information provided through the Services is for your personal, noncommercial use only. You may not use any of the finance data or marks of any third-party licensor in connection with the issuance, creation, sponsorship, trading, marketing, or promotion of any financial instruments or investment products (for example, indices, derivatives, structured products, investment funds, exchange-traded funds, investment portfolios, etc., where the price, return and/or performance of the instrument or investment product is based on, related to, or intended to track any of the finance data) without a separate written agreement with the third-party licensor. Financial notice. Microsoft isn't a broker/dealer or registered investment advisor under United States federal securities law or securities laws of other jurisdictions and doesn't advise individuals as to the advisability of investing in, purchasing, or selling securities or other financial products or services.Nothing contained in the Services is an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any security. Neither Microsoft nor its licensors of stock quotes or index data endorse or recommend any particular financial products or services. Nothing in the Services is intended to be professional advice, including without limitation, investment or tax advice. Tax Notices. Please review our tax notification page (https://aka.ms/taxservice) for U.S. state and local sales/use tax information. Notice about the H.264/AVC, MPEG-4 Visual, and VC-1 Video Standards. The software may include H.264/AVC, MPEG-4 Visual and/or VC-1 codec technology that may be licensed by MPEG LA, L.L.C. This technology is a format for data compression of video information. MPEG LA, L.L.C. requires this notice: THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE H.264/AVC, MPEG-4 VISUAL, AND THE VC-1 PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSES FOR THE PERSONAL AND NONCOMMERCIAL USE OF A CONSUMER TO (A) ENCODE VIDEO IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE STANDARDS ("VIDEO STANDARDS") AND/OR (B) DECODE H.264/AVC, MPEG-4 VISUAL, AND VC-1 VIDEO THAT WAS ENCODED BY A CONSUMER ENGAGED IN A PERSONAL AND NONCOMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR WAS OBTAINED FROM A VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE SUCH VIDEO. NONE OF THE LICENSES EXTEND TO ANY OTHER PRODUCT REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH PRODUCT IS INCLUDED WITH THIS SOFTWARE IN A SINGLE ARTICLE. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR SHALL BE IMPLIED FOR ANY OTHER USE. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA, L.L.C. SEE THE MPEG LA WEBSITE (https://www.mpegla.com). For clarification purposes only, this notice does not limit or inhibit the use of the software provided under these Terms for normal business uses that are personal to that business which do not include (i) redistribution of the software to third parties, or (ii) creation of material with the VIDEO STANDARDS compliant technologies for distribution to third parties. STANDARD APPLICATION LICENSE TERMS FOR APPLICATIONS OFFERED IN THE UNITED STATES MICROSOFT STORE, MICROSOFT STORE ON WINDOWS, AND MICROSOFT STORE ON XBOX These license terms are an agreement between you and the application publisher. Please read them. They apply to the software applications you download from the Microsoft Store, the Microsoft Store on Windows or the Microsoft Store on Xbox (each of which is referred to in these license terms as the "Store"), including any updates or supplements for the application, unless the application comes with separate terms, in which case those terms apply. BY DOWNLOADING OR USING THE APPLICATION, OR ATTEMPTING TO DO ANY OF THESE, YOU ACCEPT THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THEM, YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO AND MUST NOT DOWNLOAD OR USE THE APPLICATION. The application publisher means the entity licensing the application to you, as identified in the Store. If you comply with these license terms, you have the rights below. 1. INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS; EXPIRATION. You may install and use the application on Windows devices or Xbox consoles as described in Microsoft's Usage Rules (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=723143). Microsoft reserves the right to modify Microsoft's Usage Rules (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=723143) at any time. 2. INTERNET-BASED SERVICES. a. Consent for Internet-based or wireless services. If the application connects to computer systems over the Internet, which may include via a wireless network, using the application operates as your consent to the transmission of standard device information (including but not limited to technical information about your device, system, and application software, and peripherals) for Internet-based or wireless services. If other terms are presented in connection with your use of services accessed using the application, those terms also apply. b. Misuse of Internet-based services. You may not use any Internet-based service in any way that could harm it or impair anyone else's use of it or the wireless network. You may not use the service to try to gain unauthorized access to any service, data, account, or network by any means. 3. SCOPE OF LICENSE. The application is licensed, not sold. This agreement only gives you some rights to use the application. If Microsoft disables the ability to use the applications on your devices pursuant to your agreement with Microsoft, any associated license rights will terminate. The application publisher reserves all other rights. Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the application only as expressly permitted in this agreement. In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the application that only allow you to use it in certain ways. You may not: a. Work around any technical limitations in the application. b. Reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the application, except and only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite this limitation. c.Make more copies of the application than specified in this agreement or allowed by applicable law, despite this limitation. d. Publish or otherwise make the application available for others to copy. e. Rent, lease, or lend the application. f. Transfer the application or this agreement to any third party. 4. DOCUMENTATION. If documentation is provided with the application, you may copy and use the documentation for personal reference purposes. 5. TECHNOLOGY AND EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. The application may be subject to United States or international technology control or export laws and regulations. You must comply with all domestic and international export laws and regulations that apply to the technology used or supported by the application. These laws include restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use. For information on Microsoft branded products, go to the Microsoft exporting website (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=868967). 6. SUPPORT SERVICES. Contact the application publisher to determine if any support services are available. Microsoft, your hardware manufacturer and your wireless carrier (unless one of them is the application publisher) aren't responsible for providing support services for the application. 7. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This agreement, any applicable privacy policy, any additional terms that accompany the application, and the terms for supplements and updates are the entire license agreement between you and application publisher for the application. 8. APPLICABLE LAW. a. United States and Canada. If you acquired the application in the United States or Canada, the laws of the state or province where you live (or, if a business, where your principal place of business is located) govern the interpretation of these terms, claims for breach of them, and all other claims (including consumer protection, unfair competition, and tort claims), regardless of conflict of laws principles. b. Outside the United States and Canada. If you acquired the application in any other country, the laws of that country apply. 9. LEGAL EFFECT. This agreement describes certain legal rights. You may have other rights under the laws of your state or country. This agreement doesn't change your rights under the laws of your state or country if the laws of your state or country don't permit it to do so. 10. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. The application is licensed "as is," "with all faults," and "as available." You bear the entire risk as to its quality, safety, comfort, and performance. Should it prove defective, you assume the entire cost of all necessary servicing or repair. The application publisher, on behalf of itself, Microsoft, wireless carriers over whose network the application is provided, and each of our respective affiliates, vendors, agents, and suppliers ("Covered Parties"), gives no express warranties, guarantees, or conditions in relation to the application. You may have additional consumer rights under your local laws that this agreement can't change. To the extent permitted under your local laws, Covered Parties exclude any implied warranties or conditions, including those of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, safety, comfort, and non-infringement. If your local laws impose a warranty, guarantee or condition even though these terms do not, its duration is limited to 90 days from when you download the application. 11. LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF REMEDIES AND DAMAGES. To the extent not prohibited by law, if you have any basis for recovering damages, you can recover from the application publisher only direct damages up to the amount you paid for the application or $1.00, whichever is greater. You will not, and waive any right to, seek to recover any other damages, including lost profits and consequential, special, direct, indirect, or incidental damages, from the application publisher. This limitation applies to: Anything related to the application or services made available through the application; and Claims for breach of contract, warranty, guarantee or condition; strict liability, negligence, or other tort; violation of a statute or regulation; unjust enrichment; or under any other theory; all to the extent permitted by applicable law. It also applies even if: This remedy doesn't fully compensate you for any losses; or The application publisher knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages.Microsoft Services Agreement Issue Date: April 1, 2021 Effective Date: June 15, 2021 These terms ("Terms") govern use of the Microsoft consumer products, websites, and services listed here at the end of these Terms (#serviceslist) (the "Services "). Microsoft is making an offer to you by enabling you to subscribe to the Services and/or use or order the Services. You accept these Terms by creating a Microsoft account, using the Services, or continuing to use the Services after being notified of a change to these Terms. Please read, print, and retain these Terms for your records, as Microsoft will not retain a copy for you. If you are a micro-enterprise, small business or non-profit organisation, please read Article 15 regarding the waiver of rights that would otherwise apply to you under the European Electronic Communications Code. 1. Your privacy. We take your privacy seriously. Read the Microsoft Privacy Statement (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=521839) (the "Privacy Statement"). It describes the types of data we collect from you and your devices ("Data"), how we use your Data, and what legal basis we have for processing your Data. The Privacy Statement also describes how Microsoft uses your content, including your correspondence with others, submissions you submit to Microsoft through the Services, and stores the files, photos, documents, audio, digital works, live streams, and videos that you upload , broadcast or share through the Services ("Your Content"). 2. Your Content. Many of our Services allow you to store or share Your Content, or receive material from others. We claim no ownership rights in Your Content. Your Content remains Your Content, and you are responsible for it. a. When you share Your Content with others, you understand that they may use, store, record, reproduce, broadcast, transmit, share and display Your Content worldwide for the purpose for which you make Your Content available on the Services, without you compensate. If you do not want others to be able to do this, you should not use the Services to share Your Content. You represent and warrant that for the duration of these Terms you have (and will have) all necessary rights to Your Content uploaded, stored or shared on or through the Services, and that the collection, use and retention of Your Content through the Services does not violate any rights of others. We strongly recommend that you regularly back up Your Content. Microsoft is not responsible for Your Content or the materials that others upload, store, or share using our Services. b. As necessary to provide the Services to you and others (which may include changing the size, shape or format of Your Content for better storage or display to you), to protect you and the Services and to improve Microsoft's products and services, you grant Microsoft a worldwide royalty-free intellectual property license to use Your Content, for example, to make copies of Your Content or to store, transmit, re-arrange, distribute it via communication means and display it on the Services. If you post Your Content in areas of the Service where it is displayed online without restriction, Your Content may be included in demonstrations or materials promoting the Service. Some Services are supported by advertisements. Mechanisms used by Microsoft for personalizing ads can be found at https://choice.live.com. We do not use what you say in email, chat, video calls or voicemail, or in your documents, photos or other personal files to target advertising. Our advertising policy is described in detail in the Privacy Statement. 3. Code of Conduct. a. Content, materials or actions that violate these Terms are not allowed. By agreeing to these Terms, you undertake to comply with these rules: i. Do not engage in any unlawful acts. ii. Refrain from activities that exploit, harm or threaten to harm children. iii. Don't spam or engage in phishing. Spam refers to unwanted, unsolicited email, submissions, contact requests, text messages (SMS), instant messages, or similar electronic communications sent in bulk.Phishing is the sending of email or other electronic communications to fraudulently or unlawfully induce recipients to reveal personal or sensitive information, such as passwords, dates of birth, social security numbers, passport numbers, credit card details, financial details, or other sensitive information, or to gain access to access to accounts or records, theft of data from documents or other sensitive information, payment and/or financial gain. iv. Do not use the Services to display or share inappropriate Content or other materials (such as nudity, bestiality, pornography, offensive language, extreme violence or criminal activity). v. Refrain from any activity that is fraudulent, false, or misleading (for example, soliciting money under false pretenses, impersonating another person, or manipulating the Services to falsify game statistics, or influence rankings, ratings, or comments). vi. Do not intentionally attempt to influence any restrictions on access or availability of the Services. vii. Refrain from any activity that harms you, the Services, or others (for example, transmitting viruses, harassing others, posting terrorist or violent extremist content, making hateful comments, or inciting violence against others). viii. Do not infringe on the rights of others (for example, unauthorized sharing of copyrighted music or other copyrighted materials, resale or other distribution of Bing maps, or photos). ix. Refrain from activities that violate the privacy of others. X. Do not assist others in breaking these rules. b. Enforcement. We reserve the right to reject Your Content if it exceeds the storage space or file size limitations set for the Service. If you fail to comply with any of your obligations in section 3.a or otherwise materially violate these Terms, we may take action against you, including (without limitation) stopping the provision of the Services or closing your Microsoft account or your Skype account with immediate effect if there is sufficient cause to do so, or blocking communications (email, file sharing or instant messaging) to and from the Services. We also reserve the right to remove or remove Your Content from the Services at any time if notified to us that it may violate applicable law or these Terms. While investigating suspected violations of these Terms, Microsoft reserves the right to review Your Content to resolve the matter. However, we do not monitor or attempt to monitor what goes on on the Services. c. Application on Xbox Services. Click here (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=868531) to learn more about how this Code of Conduct applies to the games, applications, services and content of the Xbox online service, Games for Windows Live and Xbox Game Studios provided by Microsoft. Violation of the Xbox Services Code of Conduct (defined in section 13.a.i) may result in suspension or blocking of participation in Xbox Services, up to and including expiration of content licenses, Xbox Gold membership time, and Microsoft account credits associated with the account. 4. Use the Services and Support. a. Microsoft account. You need a Microsoft account to use the Services. Your Microsoft account allows you to sign in to products, websites, and services provided by Microsoft and certain Microsoft partners. i. Create an account. You can create a Microsoft account by registering online. You agree not to use any false, inaccurate, or misleading information when signing up for a Microsoft account. In some cases, a third party, such as your internet service provider, may have assigned you a Microsoft account. If you received your Microsoft account from a third party, that third party may have additional rights related to your account, such as accessing or deleting your Microsoft account. Please review any additional terms and conditions provided to you by the third party. Microsoft has no responsibility with respect to these additional terms. If you create a Microsoft account on behalf of an entity, such as your company or employer, you represent that you have the legal authority to bind that entity to these Terms. You cannot transfer your Microsoft account credentials to another user or entity. To protect your account, please keep your account information and password secret.You are responsible for all activities that occur under your Microsoft account. ii. Using the account. Your Microsoft account remains active only if you use it. This means that you must sign in at least once every two years to keep your Microsoft account and associated Services active, unless a longer period is specified in the Microsoft Account Activity Policy at https://go .microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=2086738 or in an offer for a paid portion of the Services, or as required by law. If you don't sign in during this time, we'll assume your Microsoft account is inactive and we'll close it. See article 4.a.iv.2 for the consequences of closing a Microsoft account. You must sign in to your Outlook.com inbox and your OneDrive (separately) at least once a year, otherwise your Outlook.com inbox and your OneDrive will be closed. You must sign in to the Xbox Services at least once every five-year period to ensure that the gamertag remains associated with your Microsoft account. If we reasonably believe there is a risk that your Microsoft account is being used fraudulently by a third party (for example, as a result of account breach), Microsoft may suspend your account until you can reclaim ownership of the account. Depending on the nature of the breach, we may be forced to block access to all or part of Your Content. If you are having trouble accessing your Microsoft account, please visit this website (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=238656). iii. Children and Accounts. By creating a Microsoft account or using the Services, you accept and agree to be bound by these Terms and represent that you are "of age" under the standards of your country of residence, or that your parent or legal guardian agrees to be bound by these Terms on your behalf. If you don't know if you are the age of majority according to the standards of your country of residence, or if you don't understand this article, don't create a Microsoft account until you ask your parent or legal representative for help. If you are the parent or guardian of a minor, you and the minor accept and agree to these Terms and are responsible for supervising your minor while using the Microsoft account or the Services, including purchases, whether or not the account of the minor has already been opened or will be created later. iv. Close your account. 1. In addition to your right to cancel as provided in the "Refund Policy" section below (Section 9.g), you may cancel specific Services or close your Microsoft account at any time for any reason. You can close your Microsoft account at https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618278. When you ask us to close your Microsoft account, you can choose to have your account suspended for 30 or 60 days first in case you change your mind. After the 30 or 60 day period, your Microsoft account will be closed. See section 4.a.iv.2 below for an explanation of what happens when your Microsoft account is closed. If you log back in during the suspension period, your Microsoft account will be reactivated. 2. When your Microsoft account is closed (either by you or by us), the following will happen. First, your right to use the Microsoft account to access the Services ends immediately. Second, we delete or otherwise separate Data or Your Content associated with your Microsoft account from you and your Microsoft account (unless we have a legal obligation to retain, return, or transfer it to you or a third party designated by you). As a result, you may no longer be able to access the Services (or Your Content you have stored on the Services) that requires a Microsoft account. Have a regular backup plan. Third, you may lose access to products you obtained. b. Work or school accounts. You can sign in to certain Microsoft services with your work or school email address. If you do so, you agree that the owner of the domain associated with your email address will be notified of the existence of your Microsoft account and associated subscriptions, will control your account and your account and may access and process your Data, including your correspondence and files, and that Microsoft may notify the domain owner if the account or Data has been compromised.You further agree that your use of the Microsoft services may be subject to the agreements Microsoft has with you or your organization and these Terms may not apply. If you already have a Microsoft account and use a separate work or school email address to access Services subject to these Terms, you may be asked to provide the email address associated with your Microsoft account in order to maintain access to such Services. c. Additional equipment/data bundles. Many Services require an internet connection and/or mobile/data plan. You may also need additional equipment, such as a headset, camera or microphone. You are responsible for the availability of all connections, subscriptions and/or equipment necessary to use the Services and for paying the fees charged by the provider(s) of your connections, subscriptions and equipment. These charges are in addition to any charges you pay us for the Services. These costs are not reimbursed by us. Check with your carrier(s) if such charges apply to you. d. Service announcements. When we are required to provide you with information about a Service you are using, we will send you Service Notices and information that we are required by law to provide. If you have provided us with your email address or phone number in connection with your Microsoft account, we may send you Service Communications via email or SMS (text message), including to confirm your identity before registering your mobile phone number and your purchases. to confirm. We may also send you Service Announcements in other ways (for example, through in-product messages). Data or messaging charges may apply for receiving notifications via SMS. We recommend that you monitor and maintain the email address provided. If you do not consent to electronic receipt, you must stop using the Services. e. Support. Customer support for certain Services is available at https://support.microsoft.com. Certain Services may provide separate or additional customer support, subject to the terms at https://www.microsoft.com/support-service-agreement, unless otherwise specified. Preview or beta versions of features or Services may not be supported. If you live in Europe, you can also submit a complaint to the EU Online Dispute Resolution platform (https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr); use MSODR@microsoft.com only for the complaint form and not for any other purpose. f. Terminate Your Services. First, if your Services are terminated (either by you or by us), your right to use the Services and your license to use our software associated with the Services will immediately terminate. Second, we will delete or otherwise disassociate Data or Your Content associated with your Services from you and your Microsoft account (unless we have a legal obligation to retain it), return it, or transfer it to an authorized your designated third party. As a result, you may no longer be able to access the Services (or Your Content you have stored on the Services). Have a regular backup plan. Third, you may lose access to products you obtained. If you have canceled your Microsoft account and do not have another account that allows you to access the Services, your Services may be terminated with immediate effect. 5. Use of Third Party Apps and Services. The Services may allow you to access products, services, websites, links, content, materials, games, skills, integrations, bits, or applications from independent third parties (companies or individuals other than Microsoft) ("Apps and Services of Third Parties") or purchase them. In addition, many of our Services help you find, send requests to, or work with Third Party Apps and Services, or allow you to share Your Content or Data, and you understand that by using the Services, you instructs it to make Third Party Apps and Services available to you. The Third Party Apps and Services may allow Your Content or Data to be stored with the publisher, supplier or operator of the Third Party Apps and Services. The Apps and Services may present you with a privacy policy or require you to accept their terms before you can install or use the Third Party App or Service.See Section 13.b for additional terms for applications obtained through certain Stores owned or operated by Microsoft or its affiliates (including, but not limited to, the Office Store, the Microsoft Store for Xbox, and the Microsoft Store for Windows). We recommend that you read the third party's terms and conditions and privacy statements before purchasing, using, requesting or linking Third Party Apps and Services to your Microsoft account. Any third-party terms do not change these Terms. Microsoft does not license any intellectual property rights to you as part of Third Party Apps and Services. You assume all risk and liability arising out of your use of these Third Party Apps and Services, and that Microsoft is not responsible or liable to you or anyone else for any information or services provided or provided by the Third Party Apps and Services. 6. Availability of Services. a. The Services, Apps and Third Party Services, or materials or products offered through the Services may be unavailable from time to time, may be offered on a limited basis, or may vary depending on your region or device or other external factors, such as your internet or network connection. If you change the location associated with your Microsoft account, you may need to repurchase the products you were able to purchase and pay for in your previous region. b. We strive to keep the Services up and running at all times. However, no guarantees are made regarding the quality level of the service and all online services are subject to occasional failures and outages. In the event of an outage or interruption of the Service, you may be temporarily unable to access Your Content. We recommend that you regularly back up Your Content and Data that you store on the Services or store through third party Apps and Services. 7. Updates to the Services or Software, and Changes to These Terms. a. We will notify you if we intend to change these Terms. We may change these Terms if necessary because of (i) applicable law, including, without limitation, a change in law; (ii) an advisory and/or court order based on applicable law; (iii) the development of the Services; (iv) technical reasons; (v) operational requirements; or (vi) changes to the terms in favor of the user. We will notify you of the intended change before it becomes effective, either through the user interface, by email, or by other reasonable means. We will give you an opportunity to cancel the Services at least 30 days before the change becomes effective. Your use of the Services after the changes go into effect means that you agree to the new terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, you must stop using the Services and close your Microsoft account in accordance with section 4.a.iv. We will also expressly point this fact out to you when we notify you of the intended change to these Terms. b. We may automatically check your version of the software. This is necessary to provide the Services and download software updates or configuration changes, at no cost to you, to update, enhance and further develop the Services. It may also be necessary to update the software to continue using the Services. Such updates will be subject to these Terms unless additional or different terms are provided with the updates, in which case those other terms will apply. If you do not accept the additional or different terms and conditions that apply to the updates, you may not receive or use the updates. Microsoft is under no obligation to make updates available and does not guarantee that we will support the version of the system for which you purchased or licensed the software, apps, content, or other products. c. We are constantly working to improve the Services and may at any time change the Services, remove features from them, or stop providing access to Third Party Apps and Services, for example if our agreement with the third party no longer allows us to make their materials available if it is no longer feasible for us to provide the Service, if technology has evolved, or if customer feedback indicates that a change is necessary. We will notify you in advance if a change to the Services would cause you to lose access to Your Content.In the case of paid Services, we will also notify you in advance of any other material changes to the Services. Except to the extent required by applicable law, we have no obligation to make available for download or replace any materials, Digital Goods (defined in Section 13.k) or applications previously purchased by you. If we completely terminate a paid Service without cause, we will refund the amounts paid by you in proportion to the remainder of the Service to which you were entitled prior to termination. d. To use digital rights management (DRM) protected content, such as some music, games, movies, books, and more, DRM software can automatically contact an online rights server and download and install DRM updates. 8. Software License. Software provided by us as part of the Services is subject to these Terms unless a separate Microsoft license agreement accompanies the software (for example, if you use a Microsoft application that comes with and is part of Windows, the Software License Terms apply from Microsoft for the Windows operating system for the software). Applications obtained through certain Stores owned or operated by Microsoft or its affiliates (including, but not limited to, the Office Store, the Microsoft Store for Windows, and the Microsoft Store for Xbox) are subject to Section 13.b.i below. a. If you comply with these Terms, we grant the right to install and use one copy of the software per device on a worldwide basis for use by no more than one person at a time in connection with your use of the Services. Certain devices may have this software pre-installed for your personal and non-commercial use of the Services. The software or website that is part of the Services may contain third party code. Any third-party scripts or code linked to from within the software or from the website is licensed to you by the third parties that own such code, not by Microsoft. Notices, if any, regarding third party program code are included for your information only. b. The software is licensed, not sold, and Microsoft reserves all rights in the software not expressly granted by Microsoft under these Terms. This license does not give you the right and you are not permitted to unlawfully: i. circumvent or bypass technological security measures related to the software or Services; ii. disassemble, decompile, decrypt, hack, emulate or reverse engineer any software or other aspect of the Services contained in or accessible through the Services, except and only to the extent expressly permitted by applicable copyright laws; iii. separate components of the software or Services for use on different devices; iv. publish, copy, rent, lease, sell, export, import, distribute, or lend the software or Services, unless expressly authorized by Microsoft; v. transfer the software, software licenses or rights to access or use the Services; vi. use the Services in any unauthorized manner that could interfere with others' use, or to access any service, data, account, or network; vii. enable access to the Services or make changes to any Microsoft-authorized device (for example, Xbox consoles, Microsoft Surface, etc.) by unauthorized third-party applications. 9. Terms of Payment. If you purchase a Service, these payment terms apply to your purchase and you agree to them. a. Cost. If charges apply for any portion of the Services, you agree to pay such charges. The price quoted for the Services is inclusive of all applicable taxes, unless otherwise specified. You are solely responsible for the payment of such taxes and other charges. Taxes are calculated based on your location at the time your Microsoft account was registered, unless otherwise noted. After notifying you that we have not received timely, full payment from you, we may suspend or terminate the Services if you have not made payment in full within the specified time.Suspension or termination of the Services for non-payment may result in the loss of access and use of your account and associated content. If you connect to the Internet through a corporate or private network that shields your location, you may be charged different charges than those listed for your actual location. Depending on your location, certain transactions may only be able to take place after currency conversion or can only be processed in another country. Your bank may charge additional fees for these services if you use a debit or credit card. Contact your bank for more information. b. Your billing account. At the time you sign up for a Service, you will be asked to provide a payment method for paying the costs for the Service. For all Services except Skype, you can view and change your billing information and payment method on the Microsoft Account Management website (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618281). For Skype, you can log in to your account portal, at https://skype.com/go/myaccount. In addition, you consent to Microsoft using updated account information regarding your selected payment method provided by the relevant bank or applicable payment network. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and payment method information, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as necessary in connection with your transactions. If you instruct us to stop using your payment method and do not offer another payment method after giving us notice to do so within an appropriate period of time, we will have good cause to suspend or terminate your paid Service. Changes you make to your billing account will not affect any charges we charged to your billing account before we were reasonably able to process your billing account changes. c. Billing. By providing a payment method to Microsoft (i) you represent that you are authorized to use the specified payment method and that you have provided all payment information truthfully and accurately; (ii) you authorize Microsoft to charge you for the Services or available content through the payment method you provide; and (iii) you authorize Microsoft to charge you for paid functionality of the Services that you choose to sign up for or use while these Terms are in effect. As mentioned, we may charge fees (a) in advance; (b) at the time of purchase, (c) shortly after purchase, or (d) on a recurring basis for subscription services. We may charge you the maximum amount for which you have approved and we will notify you in advance of changes to the amount periodically charged for subscription services and, in the event of a price change, give you an opportunity to cancel the Services before the price change takes effect. We may charge you at once for more than one of the prior billing periods for amounts that have not been previously processed. d. Recurring Payments. When you purchase the Services on a subscription basis (e.g., monthly, quarterly, or annually), you agree that you authorize recurring payments and that payments to Microsoft will be made through the payment method you have chosen on the recurring intervals to which you have agreed, until the subscription to the Service is terminated by you or Microsoft. You must cancel your Services before the next billing date to avoid being charged for continued use of the Services. We will provide you with instructions on how to cancel the Services. By instructing recurring payments, you authorize Microsoft to store your payment method and process those payments as electronic debits or transfers, or as electronic funds transfers from your designated account (in the case of Automated Clearing House or similar payments ), or as charges to your designated account (in the case of credit card or similar payments) (collectively, "Electronic Payments"). Subscription fees are generally charged prior to the applicable subscription term.If a payment order is returned unpaid, or if a credit card payment or similar transaction is declined or declined, Microsoft and its service providers reserve the right to charge any applicable return, refusal, or insufficient funds fees and to process such payment as an Electronic Payment. e. Online overview and errors. For all Services except Skype, Microsoft provides you with an online billing statement on the Microsoft Account Management website (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618284), where you can view and print the statement. For Skype, you can view your online statement by logging into your account at www.skype.com (https://www.skype.com). This is the only billing statement we provide to you. A VAT invoice may be made available depending on the Service and country. If we make an error on your invoice, we will correct it as soon as possible after you have notified us (or we have noticed the error ourselves) and we have investigated the charge. We recommend that you notify us within 120 days of an obvious error first appearing on your invoice, as it is easier for us to resolve an issue during that time. You can direct your requests for this to the customer support service, as stated in article 4.e. f. Refund Policy. You are entitled to a cooling-off period (a "Cooling Off Period") of fourteen (14) days from the date of purchase, during which you may cancel with or without cause. If the Service has been partially delivered at the time of cancellation, you will receive a proportional refund. You acknowledge that the Cooling Off Period ends when the Service is fully delivered to you. After that, your purchase is non-refundable. When you purchase digital content from us, your right of cancellation expires as soon as you start downloading. Unless otherwise provided by law or in the context of a specific offer for the Service, all purchases are irrevocable and no refunds are given. For all Services except Skype, information and directions for canceling the service and requesting a refund using our Withdrawal Form, if you are entitled to a refund, are provided on the Microsoft account management website (https://go.microsoft. com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618284). For Skype, please complete the Withdrawal Form using the information provided here (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618286). If you believe that Microsoft has charged you in error, you should contact Microsoft and we will investigate the matter. If we offer a refund or a credit, we are under no obligation to provide the same or a similar refund in the future. This refund policy does not affect your rights under applicable law. For more information about refunds, see our Help topic (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?linkid=618283). g. cancel the Services. You can cancel the Services from the services and subscription management page in your Microsoft account (https://account.microsoft.com/). You can also contact customer service as described above in section 4.e. When you cancel a paid Service, you will no longer be charged for continued use of the Service. Please refer to the offer describing the Services as (i) you may not receive a refund at the time of cancellation; (ii) you may owe cancellation fees; (iii) you may be required to pay all fees charged to your billing account in connection with the Services before the date of cancellation; and (iv) you could lose access to and use of your account if you cancel the Services. We process your Data as described above in Section 4. If you cancel your Services, your Services will terminate at the end of the current period of the Service or, if we bill you on a recurring basis, at the end of the period in which the cancellation occurred. If you instruct your bank to charge back or reverse your payment for the Services, we will treat your subscription as canceled as of the date the original payment was made and you authorize us to immediately terminate the provision of the service to you and/or revoke content that was provided to you in exchange for your payment. h. Trial offers. If you are taking advantage of a trial offer for a Service, you may be required to cancel the Service within the time period specified to you at the time you accepted the offer in order to avoid being charged for the continued use of the Service(s). ) after the end of the trial period. i. Promotional offers.From time to time, Microsoft may offer Services for a trial period during which Microsoft will not charge you for the Services. Microsoft reserves the right to charge you for these Services (at the regular rate) if you violate the terms of the offer. j. Price Changes. If a fixed term and price applies to the Service offered, this price will remain in force during the term. If you wish to continue using the Services, you will be required to agree to a new offer and price. If your Services are offered on a periodic basis (e.g., monthly), with no specific term, and not as part of a trial offer, we may change the price of the Services if we add new or improved features to the Service, to the extent that the cost of provision of the Service has increased as a result, or in response to changes in the market (for example, due to labor costs, currency fluctuations, tax/regulatory changes, inflation, licensing fees, infrastructure and administrative costs). We will notify you at least 30 days before the price change takes effect. You have the option to cancel the Services before the price changes in accordance with section 9.h above. When we notify you of a price change, we will also let you know why and by how much the prices are being increased and that the new price will take effect if you do not cancel the Services. We will also remind you how to cancel the Services. k. Payments to you. If we owe you a payment, you agree to provide us with accurate information in a timely manner that we need to make such payment to you. You are responsible for any taxes and fees you may incur as a result of this payment to you. If you receive a payment in error, we can reclaim it. You must also comply with any other conditions we attach to your right to payments. If you receive a payment in error, we may reverse the payment or require a refund. You agree to grant your cooperation in this. We may also reduce payment to you without notice due to prior overpayments. l. Late Payments. In the event of late payment, you must reimburse us for reasonable expenses we incur in collecting overdue amounts, including attorney's fees and other court costs, as permitted by law. We may suspend or terminate your Services if you fail to make payment in full on time after we have sent you a reminder - warning that the Services will be suspended and/or terminated - to make your payment in due time. You can avoid suspension or termination by making the required payment within the period specified in the reminder. If the overdue amount is marginal, a different procedure is followed. Overdue amounts of less than 2 percent of the total amount of the invoice are always considered marginal. Suspension or termination of the Services for non-payment may result in the loss of access to your Microsoft account. m. Gift Certificates. Redemption and use of gift cards (other than Skype gift cards) are subject to the Microsoft Gift Card Terms and Conditions (https://support.microsoft.com/help/10562/microsoft-account-gift-card-terms-and-conditions) . Information about Skype gift cards is available on the Skype Help page (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=615383). n. Bank account as payment method. You can register a qualifying bank account with your Microsoft account as a payment method. Eligible accounts include, for example, accounts with financial institutions that are able to receive direct debits (for example, a U.S. financial institution that supports automated clearing house ("ACH") direct debits, a European financial institution that supports Single Euro Payments Area ("SEPA") ) payments or "iDEAL" in the Netherlands). Terms that you agree to when you add your bank account as a payment method to your Microsoft account (for example, the SEPA "mandate") also apply. You represent and warrant that your registered bank account is in your name or that you are authorized to register this bank account and use it as a means of payment.By registering or selecting your bank account as a payment method, you authorize Microsoft (or its agent) to make one or more charges in the amount of the total purchase or subscription amount (subject to the terms of your subscription service) from your bank account (and, if necessary, a or more credits to your bank account to correct any errors, pay a refund or similar purpose), and you authorize the financial institution with which you hold the bank account to accept such debits or credits. You understand that this authorization remains in full force and effect until you remove your bank account information from your Microsoft account. If you believe that a charge has been made in error, please contact customer support as soon as possible, as set out in Section 4.e above. Laws applicable in your country may also limit your liability for fraudulent, incorrect or unauthorized transactions from your bank account. By registering or selecting a bank account as a payment method, you acknowledge that you have read, understood and agree to these Terms. 10. Contracting Entity, Choice of Forum and Venue for Dispute Resolution. If you live in (or if your business is principally located in) the European Union, Iceland, Lichtenstein, Norway, Switzerland or the United Kingdom and you use free or paid Services, you are contractually dealing with Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland (registered with the Companies Registration Office in Ireland under number 256796, VAT number: IE 8256796 U, whose registered address is 70 Sir John Rogerson's Quay, Dublin 2, Ireland). Irish law applies to all claims relating to free and paid Services, however this does not affect consumer protection law in the country to which we target your Services and where you are ordinarily resident (or, in the case of a company, where your principal place of business is located) ceases to exist. As to jurisdiction, you and Microsoft agree to choose from the courts in the country to which we target your Services and where your habitual residence is located (or, in the case of a corporation, where your principal place of business is located), or in instead you can choose the competent court in Ireland. 11. Warranties If you are a consumer, you have certain legal rights. These rights include Microsoft's obligation to provide the Services with reasonable care and skill. Nothing in these terms is intended to exclude our liability for any breach hereof by Microsoft. EXCEPT IN CASES WHERE WE HAVE HIDDEN DEFECTS BY EVIDENCE OR DEFECTS HAVE BEEN MADE IMPOSSIBLE USE OF THE SERVICES, AND EXCEPT FOR PAID SKYPE PRODUCTS, WE PROVIDE THE SERVICES "AS IS", "WITH ALL FAULTS" AND "AS IS". THESE ARE AVAILABLE". WE CANNOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY OR TIMELINESS OF THE SERVICES. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT COMPUTER AND TELECOMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS ARE NOT ERROR FREE AND MAY OCCASIONALLY OCCUR PERIODS OF DOWNTIME. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, CURRENT, ACCURATE OR ERROR-FREE. WE AND OUR AFFILIATES, RESELLERS, DISTRIBUTORS AND SUPPLIERS MAKE NO CONTRACTUAL WARRANTIES. YOU ARE ENTITLED TO ALL MANDATORY WARRANTIES PROVIDED BY LAW, BUT WE MAKE NO OTHER WARRANTIES. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE DISCLAIM ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, PROFESSIONAL EMERGENCY AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. 12. Limitation of Liability. a. Microsoft is not liable for Your Content, materials, or third-party materials, including links to third-party websites and activities provided by users. Such content and activities are not attributable to Microsoft and do not represent Microsoft's views. b. Microsoft is liable only if any material obligation under this Agreement has been breached, or otherwise required by applicable law. c. Microsoft, its vicarious agents and/or its legal representatives shall not be liable for indirect damages, including pecuniary damages, such as loss of profit, unless Microsoft, its vicarious agents and/or its legal representatives acted at least with gross negligence or intent. d.Any legal liability of Microsoft, including legal liability related to breach of warranty, is not subject to the limitation of liability. This includes liability of Microsoft, its vicarious agents and/or its legal representatives for fraud or tort resulting in personal injury or death. e. Microsoft is not responsible or liable for any failure or delay in performing its obligations under these Terms to the extent that the failure or delay is caused by circumstances beyond Microsoft's reasonable control (such as labor disputes, natural disasters, war or terrorist activity, vandalism, accidents or compliance with applicable law or government orders). Microsoft will attempt to minimize the effects of these events and perform obligations not affected by the circumstances. 13. Service Specific Terms. The terms before and after clause 13 apply generally to all Services. This article contains service-specific terms and conditions that apply in addition to the general terms and conditions. These service-specific terms and conditions apply if there are no differences with the general terms and conditions. a.Xbox. i. Personal non-commercial use. The Xbox online service, Xbox Game Studios (https://www.xbox.com/xbox-game-studios) games (including Mojang games), applications, subscriptions (for example, Xbox Game Pass for PC, Xbox Game Pass for console, Xbox Game Pass Ultimate), services (for example, Xbox Live), and content provided by Microsoft (collectively, the "Xbox Services") are for your personal and non-commercial use only. ii. Xbox Services. When you sign up to receive Xbox Services, information about your gaming activities and use of games and Xbox Services will be recorded and shared with applicable third-party game developers to enable Microsoft and the third-party game developers to exploit the games and provide the Xbox Services. to deliver. If you choose to link your Microsoft Xbox Services account to a non-Microsoft service account or sign in to your Xbox Services account to access a non-Microsoft service (for example, a game publisher or provider of apps or services other than Microsoft), you agree that: (a) Microsoft may share certain account information (including, without limitation, gamertag, gamerscore, gamescore, game history, and friends list) with such other party, as described in Microsoft's Privacy Statement, and (b) the other party may also access Your Content from in-game communications when you are logged in to your account of that other party, if permitted by your Xbox privacy settings. In addition, if permitted by your Xbox privacy settings, Microsoft may disclose your name, gamertag, gamerpic, motto, avatar, game clips, and the games you have played in correspondence with persons you allow. iii. Your Content. As part of building the Xbox Services community, you grant Microsoft, its affiliates and sublicensees free and worldwide rights to use, modify, reproduce, distribute, broadcast, share and display Your Content or your name, gamertag, gamerpic, motto or avatar you have submitted to any of the Xbox Services, in whole or in part, in any manner, on any material or surface. iv. Game managers. Some games use game managers, ambassadors, and hosts. Game managers and hosts are not authorized to speak on behalf of Microsoft. Their views do not necessarily align with Microsoft's. v. Kids on Xbox. If you use the Xbox Services as a minor, your parent or guardian may have control over many aspects of your account and may receive reports related to your use of the Xbox Services. vi. Virtual currency and goods in games. The Xbox Services may include virtual currency that can be spent in a game (such as gold, coins, or points). You can purchase these from or on behalf of Microsoft for a fee if you are the age of majority in your country of residence. The Xbox Services may also contain virtual digital items or goods that can be purchased from or on behalf of Microsoft for money or game currency. Game currency and virtual goods cannot be exchanged for money, merchandise or other items of monetary value from Microsoft or third parties.Other than the limited, personal, revocable, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to use the Game Payments and Goods solely within the Xbox Services, you own no rights or title to any such Game Payments or Virtual Goods associated with any or more Xbox games or apps used in or originating from the Xbox Services, or other features associated with use of the Xbox Services or stored in the Xbox Services. Microsoft may change its offerings related to means of payment or virtual goods from time to time. vii. Software updates. On devices that can connect to Xbox Services, we may automatically check your version of the Xbox console software or Xbox app software and download updates or configuration changes to the Xbox console software or Xbox app software, including features you impede access to the Xbox Services using unauthorized Xbox games or apps, or use unauthorized peripherals with an Xbox console. viii. Gamertag validity period. You must sign in to the Xbox Services at least once every five-year period. Otherwise, you may lose access to the gamertag associated with your account and that gamertag will become available for others to use. ix. Cheating and manipulation of Software. On devices that can connect to Xbox Services, we may automatically check your device for unauthorized hardware or software that may facilitate cheating or tampering in violation of the Code of Conduct or these Terms, and software updates or configuration changes to the Xbox Service. download any app, including any feature that prevents you from accessing the Xbox Services or using unauthorized hardware or software that facilitates cheating or manipulation. b. Store. "Store" means a Service that enables you to browse, download, purchase and rate applications (the term "application" includes games) and other digital content. These Terms apply to the use of certain Stores owned or operated by Microsoft or its affiliates (including, but not limited to, the Office Store, the Microsoft Store for Windows, and the Microsoft Store for Xbox) . "Office Store" means a store for Office products and apps for Office, Microsoft 365, SharePoint, Exchange, Access, and Project (version 2013 or later) or other Office Store branded experiences. "Microsoft Store for Windows" means a Store, owned and operated by Microsoft or its affiliates, for Windows devices, such as a phone, PC, or tablet, or other service that bears the Microsoft Store brand name and is accessible from Windows devices, such as a phone, PC or tablet. "Microsoft Store for Xbox" means a Store owned and operated by Microsoft or its affiliates and made available on Xbox consoles, or other service branded Microsoft Store and made available on an Xbox console. i. License Terms. We identify the publisher for each application available in the relevant Store. Unless other license terms come with the application, the Standard Application License Terms ("SALT") at the end of these Terms constitute an agreement between you and the application publisher that sets out the license terms that apply to an application that you download from a Store owned or operated by Microsoft or its affiliates (excluding the Office Store). For the avoidance of doubt, these terms govern use of Microsoft Services and services provided by them. Section 5 of these Terms also applies to all Third Party Apps and Services obtained through a Store. The SALT do not apply to applications downloaded from the Office Store. Separate license terms apply for this. ii. updates. Microsoft automatically checks for and downloads updates for your applications, even when you are not signed in to the relevant Store. You can change your Store or system settings if you do not wish to receive automatic updates for Store applications. Certain Office Store applications that are hosted in whole or in part online may be updated by the developer of the application at any time without your permission. iii. Ratings and reviews.If you submit a rating or review for an application or other Digital Goods in the Store, you may receive email from Microsoft containing content from the publisher of the application or Digital Goods. This email is from Microsoft. We do not provide your email address to publishers of applications or other Digital Goods you obtain through the Store. iv. Safety Warning. To avoid possible injury, discomfort or eye strain, take occasional breaks from using games or other applications, especially if you experience pain or fatigue as a result of use. Take a break if you feel uncomfortable. You can think of symptoms of nausea, motion sickness, dizziness, disorientation, headache, fatigue, tired eyes or dry eyes. While using applications, you can become distracted and disconnected from your environment. Avoid stumbling blocks, stairs, low ceilings and fragile or valuable objects that could be damaged. A very small percentage of the population may experience seizures when exposed to certain visual images, such as flashing lights or patterns that may appear in applications. Even individuals who have no history of seizures may have an undiagnosed condition that can cause these seizures. Symptoms may include light-headedness, disturbed vision, twitching, trembling or shaking of limbs, disorientation, confusion, loss of consciousness or convulsions. Discontinue use immediately and consult a physician if any of these symptoms occur, or consult a physician before using the applications if you have also experienced seizure-related symptoms. Parents should watch for signs of these symptoms while their children are using applications. c. Microsoft Family features. Parents and children can use Microsoft Family features, including Microsoft Family Safety, to build trust based on a shared understanding of what behaviors, websites, apps, games, physical locations, and spending are appropriate within their family. Parents can create a family by going to https://account.microsoft.com/family (or by following the instructions on their Windows device or Xbox console), and ask children or other parents to join as well. Various functions are available to members of a family. Please read the information presented to you carefully before agreeing to create or join a family and when purchasing Digital Goods for access by family members. By creating or joining a family, you agree to use the family in accordance with its purposes, and will not use it to gain unauthorized access to another person's data. d. Group messages. Various Microsoft services enable you to send messages to others via voice or SMS ("messages") and/or allow Microsoft or its affiliates under Microsoft's control to send such messages to you and on your behalf to one or more other users. WHEN YOU AUTHORIZE MICROSOFT AND AFFILIATES UNDER THE MICROSOFT OPERATIONS TO SEND SUCH MESSAGES TO YOU OR TO OTHERS, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT TO US THAT YOU AND ANY PERSON YOU AUTHORIZE US TO SEND SUCH MESSAGES AGREE TO THE RECEIVING SUCH MESSAGES AND OTHER CORRESPONDING ADMINISTRATIVE TEXT MESSAGES FROM MICROSOFT AND AFFILIATES UNDER THE CONTROL OF MICROSOFT. "Administrative Text Messages" are periodic transactional messages from a particular Microsoft service, including, but not limited to, a "welcome message" or instructions to stop sending messages. If you or any member of the group no longer wish to receive such communications, you may opt-out of receiving further communications from Microsoft or its affiliates under Microsoft control by following the instructions provided. If you no longer wish to receive such communications or participate in the group, you agree that you will opt-out in accordance with the instructions provided by the applicable program or service. If you have reason to believe that any member of the group no longer wishes to receive such messages or participate in the group, you agree to remove them from the group.In addition, you represent and warrant to us that you and any person for whom you have instructed us to send these messages understand that each member of the group is solely responsible for any messaging fees charged by his or her wireless carrier , including international messaging charges that may be incurred when messages are sent from a US-based phone number. e. Skype, Microsoft Teams and GroupMe. i. emergency services. There are important differences between traditional mobile or landline telephone services and Skype, Microsoft Teams and GroupMe. Microsoft is not obligated to provide access to emergency services for Skype, Microsoft Teams, and GroupMe (excluding Skype to Phone, as described below) under any applicable local or state rules, regulations, or laws. Skype's software and products are not intended to support or transfer emergency calls to hospitals, law enforcement agencies, medical care facilities, or other services that connect a user to emergency services personnel or public safety points of contact ("Emergency Services"). Only Skype's Skype to Phone feature may support calls to emergency services in a very limited number of countries, and only for limited software versions and platforms. More information about its availability and configuration can be found at: https://www.skype.com/go/emergency. If your emergency call is connected via Skype to Phone, you must provide details of your physical location to enable the emergency services to respond to your call. Microsoft does not guarantee that your emergency call will be connected. For more information on calling 112, the dedicated number for emergency services in the EU, visit www.skype.com/go/emergency. ii. Changes to paid Skype products. If we make changes to paid Skype products that are to your detriment, we will give you at least thirty days' notice of the changes and inform you of your right to stop using the affected product before it is changed. If you do not stop using the product before the changes take effect, you agree to the changes. We will expressly inform you of this fact at the time we notify you. iii. APIs or broadcasts. If you wish to use Skype in connection with a broadcast, you must comply with the "Broadcast Terms of Use" at https://www.skype.com/go/legal.broadcast. To use any Application Program Interface ("API") accessed or made available by Microsoft, you must comply with the applicable license terms, available at www.skype.com/go/legal. iv. Acceptable Use Policy. Acceptable use policies may apply to your use of Skype software and products. Please read these policy documents. They are designed to protect against fraud and abuse and may impose certain restrictions on the type, length and number of calls or messages you can make or send. These policies are incorporated into these Terms by segregation. You can find these policies at https://www.skype.com/go/terms.fairusage. v. Map projection. Skype's software and products contain features that allow you to send information to, or have yourself mapped by, a map service. By using this functionality, you agree to these Terms and the terms of Google Maps, available at https://www.google.com/intl/en_ALL/help/terms_maps.html. vi. Personal/non-commercial use. Skype's software and products may be used for personal and non-commercial purposes. You are allowed to use Skype at work for your own business communications. vii. Skype Number/Skype To Go. If Microsoft provides you with a Skype Number or a Skype To Go Number, you agree that this number is not your property and that you have no right to keep this number in perpetuity. In some countries, the number may be made available to you by a Microsoft partner, rather than by Microsoft itself, and you must enter into a separate agreement with such partner. For more information about Skype Numbers, see https://go.skype.com/home.skype-number. viii. SkypeManager. A "Skype Manager Managed Account" is set up and managed by you, as an individual administrator of a Skype Manager group and not as a corporate entity. You may link your personal Microsoft account to a Skype Manager group ("Linked Account"). You may appoint additional administrators for your Skype Manager, subject to their acceptance of these Terms.If you have assigned Skype Numbers to a Linked Account, you are responsible for complying with all requirements regarding the residence or location of the users of your Linked Account. If you choose to disconnect a Linked Account from a Skype Manager group, you will no longer have access to any assigned subscriptions, Skype Credit or Skype Numbers and Your Content and materials associated with the disconnected account will no longer be yours accessible. You agree to process personal data of the users of your Linked Account in accordance with all applicable data protection laws. ix. Skype Fees and Refunds. The charges for calling out-of-bundle phone numbers consist of connection charges (charged per call) and a per-minute rate, as described at www.skype.com/go/allrates. Call charges will be deducted from your Skype credit balance. Microsoft may charge for calls to phone numbers and toll-free numbers that are not included in the bundle. If the changes are significant and not to your advantage (for example, if we increase rates), we will notify you by email or other appropriate means at least thirty (30) days before the rate change takes effect. After thirty (30) days, the new rates apply for your next call. You can find the current rates at www.skype.com/go/allrates. If you do not accept the new rates, do not call again. Partially used calling minutes and costs of part of a cent are rounded up to the next whole minute/cent. All prices for paid Skype products are inclusive of applicable taxes and include VAT unless otherwise stated. VAT is calculated based on the billing address provided. You expressly waive any rights to a refund of VAT from Microsoft if, for any reason, the amount of VAT payable by Microsoft to the tax authorities would be less than the amount of VAT collected from you. Paid Skype products are not available to customers in Mount Athos, Canary Islands, French Overseas Departments, land Islands, Channel Islands, Heligoland, Bsingen, Ceuta, Melilla, Livigno, Campione d'Italia and Italian waters of Lake Lugano. If you have used a paid Skype product, your cooling-off period has expired and your purchase cannot be reversed or refunded. Spending of Skype Credit, assignment of a Skype Number or use of a subscription constitutes 'full delivery' and/or 'use' of a paid Skype product. You expressly agree that Skype Numbers may be assigned before the end of the cooling-off period and are non-refundable once assigned. Outside the cooling-off period, only unused and unexpired Skype subscriptions are refundable, subject to these Terms. The cooling-off period and refunds do not apply to paid Skype products that (i) are purchased through a third-party partner; (ii) paid in cash via an external payment method (e.g. an electronic wallet); (iii) not purchased directly online from Microsoft (for example, using gift cards or prepay coupons); or (iv) assigned to your account by a third party. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may be entitled, upon request, under applicable law to a refund of a prepaid subscription fee if you transfer your Skype Number to another provider. X. Skype Credit. Microsoft does not guarantee that you will be able to use your Skype Credit to purchase all paid Skype products. If you do not use your Skype Credit for 180 days, Microsoft will change the status of your Skype Credit to Inactive. You can reactivate the Skype Credit by clicking on the reactivate link: https://www.skype.com/go/store.reactivate.credit. You can use Auto Top Up by checking the corresponding box when purchasing Skype Credit. If this option is enabled, your Skype Credit balance will automatically be topped up by the same amount via your chosen payment method each time your Skype Credit balance falls below the threshold set by Skype from time to time. If you have purchased a subscription with a payment method other than credit card, PayPal or Moneybookers (Skrill), and you have selected Auto Top Up, your Skype Credit balance will be topped up with the amount necessary to purchase your next subscription renewal. You can disable Auto Top Up at any time to access and change your account portal settings in Skype. xi. International messaging charges.GroupMe and Microsoft Teams currently use US-based numbers for each group created. Any text message sent to or received from a GroupMe or Microsoft Teams number will be counted as an international text message sent to or received from the United States. Consult your carrier for associated international messaging charges. f. Bing and MSN. i. Materials from Bing and MSN. The articles, text, photos, maps, videos, video players, and third-party materials available on Bing and MSN, including through Microsoft bots, applications, and programs, are for your non-commercial, personal use only. Other uses, such as downloading, copying, or redistributing these materials, or using these materials or products to build your own products, are permitted only as expressly authorized by Microsoft or the rights holders, or as permitted under applicable copyright law. Microsoft and its other rights owners reserve all rights in the material not expressly granted by Microsoft under the license terms. ii. BingMaps. You may not use the bird's-eye views of the United States, Canada, Mexico, New Zealand, Australia or Japan for government purposes without our separate written approval. iii. BingPlaces. When you submit your Data or Your Content to Bing Places, you grant Microsoft a worldwide, royalty-free intellectual property license to use, reproduce, store, modify, bundle, promote, transmit, display or distribute as part of a service, and sublicense of these rights to third parties. g. Cortana. i. Personal non-commercial use. Cortana from Microsoft is Microsoft's personal assistant service. The features, services and content provided by Cortana (collectively, the "Cortana Services") are for your personal and non-commercial use only. ii. Functionality and content. Cortana offers a variety of features, some of which are personalized or customized. Cortana Services may allow you to access services, information, or functionality provided by other Microsoft Services or Third Party Apps and Services. The service-specific terms in section 13 also apply to your use of applicable Microsoft services through Cortana Services. Cortana is providing this information for planning purposes only and you should use your own independent judgment when reviewing and relying on this information. Microsoft makes no guarantees about the reliability, availability, or timeliness of personalized experiences provided by Cortana. Microsoft is not responsible if any feature of Cortana delays a communication or prevents you from receiving, viewing, or sending a communication or notification, or from obtaining a service. iii. Third Party Apps and Services. As part of the operation of Cortana Services, Cortana may recommend and assist you in using Third Party Apps and Services (third party skills or related services). If you choose, as part of the provision of the Cortana Services, Cortana may share information with Third Party Apps and Services, such as your zip code and questions and answers thereto from third party apps and services, to help you obtain the requested services . Cortana may enable you to make purchases through third-party apps and services using the account preferences and settings you set up directly with those third-party apps and services. You can disconnect your Cortana Service from Third Party Apps and Services at any time. Your use of the Cortana Services to connect to Third Party Apps and Services is subject to Section 5 of these Terms. Publishers of Third Party Apps and Services may change or discontinue the functionality or features of their Third Party Apps and Services or their integration with Cortana Services. Microsoft is not responsible or liable for any software or firmware provided by the manufacturer. iv. Cortana devices. Cortana Devices are products or devices that are capable of using Cortana Services, or products or devices that are compatible with Cortana Services. Cortana devices include third-party devices or products that are not owned, manufactured or developed by Microsoft. Microsoft is not responsible or liable for these third-party devices or products. v. Software Updates.We may automatically check your version of the Cortana Services software required to provide the Services and download software updates or configuration changes, at no cost to you, or require manufacturers of Cortana-enabled devices to keep the Cortana Services software up to date. h. Office Services. i. Microsoft 365 Home, Microsoft 365 Personal, Office Online, Sway, OneNote.com, and other Microsoft 365 subscription or Office-branded services are for your personal, non-commercial use, unless you have commercial rights under a separate agreement with Microsoft. Use of apps such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, OneDrive, Access, and Publisher in Microsoft 365 Family, Microsoft 365 Personal, and other Microsoft 365 subscription services is subject to additional license terms, which can be found along with these Terms at https:/ /aka.ms/useterms. ii. outlook. Outlook includes the use of Bing Maps. Content provided through Bing Maps, including geocodes, may only be used within the product through which the content is provided. Your use of Bing Maps is subject to the Bing Maps End User Terms of Use, available at go.microsoft.com/?linkid=9710837, and the Microsoft Privacy Statement, available at go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=248686 . i. Health Services from Microsoft. i. Microsoft Tape. The device and the Microsoft Band application are not medical devices and are intended for fitness and wellness purposes only. They are not designed or intended for use in the diagnosis of disease or other conditions, or for the cure, mitigation, treatment or prevention of disease or other conditions. Microsoft is not responsible for any decision you make based on information you receive from Microsoft Band. ii. Health bots. Health bots, including action plans, insights, reminders and other features, are not medical devices and are intended solely for fitness and wellness purposes in conjunction with a program provided by a healthcare provider. They are not designed or intended as a substitute for professional medical devices or for use in the diagnosis, cure, mitigation, prevention or treatment of any disease or other condition. You assume full responsibility for your use of health bots. Microsoft is not responsible for any decision you make based on information you receive from health bots. Always consult a physician if you have any questions about a medical condition, diet, fitness or wellness program before using health bots. Do not disregard professional medical advice or delay a visit to a medical professional in connection with information you have accessed on or through the Services. Health bots, like any other technology, sometimes don't work as expected for a variety of reasons, such as a power outage or a lost connection. j. Digital Goods. Microsoft may enable you to obtain music, images, video, text, books, games or other materials ("Digital Goods") through the Microsoft Groove, Microsoft Movies & TV, Store, Xbox Services and any other related and future services. digital form. The Digital Goods are for your personal, non-commercial entertainment purposes only. You agree not to redistribute, publicly perform, publicly display or transfer any copies of the Digital Goods. Digital Goods may be owned by Microsoft or by third parties. You understand and acknowledge in all circumstances that your rights in Digital Goods are limited by these Terms, the copyright and the user rules at https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=723143. You agree that you will not attempt to modify any Digital Goods obtained through any of the Services for any reason, including to disguise or alter the ownership or origin of the Digital Goods. Microsoft or the owners of the Digital Goods may, from time to time, remove Digital Goods from the Services without notice. k. OneDrive. i. Storage space allocation.If you have more content stored in your OneDrive account than is made available to you under the terms of your free or paid subscription to OneDrive and you have not responded within 30 days of the notice (or longer, if the notice listed) is responding to a notice from Microsoft to put your account in order by removing excess content or switching to a new plan with more storage space, we reserve the right to close your account and remove or delete Your Content on OneDrive block access to it. ii. Performance of the Services. Depending on factors such as your equipment, Internet connection, and Microsoft's maintenance efforts to maintain the performance and integrity of the service, you may occasionally experience delays in uploading or syncing content on OneDrive. iii. Notification of expiration. We will give you at least one month's notice before we close your OneDrive account for inactivity pursuant to section 4.a.ii. If you are a paid OneDrive user, we will not close your account for inactivity during the period in which you have paid for your use of OneDrive. iv. Changes to the OneDrive service. We will provide you with at least 30 days' notice if any changes to free or paid OneDrive services would cause you to lose access to Your Content on OneDrive. v. Paid Subscriptions. If we reduce your OneDrive data storage limits or terminate the OneDrive service, we may cancel your paid OneDrive subscription and issue you a partial refund for the unused portion of the subscription. We will provide you with at least 30 days' notice of such changes. You must then cancel within the period specified in the notification. l. Microsoft Rewards. i. Microsoft Rewards (the "Program") allows you to earn points for activities such as qualified searches, purchases, and other Microsoft offers. The offers available may vary by market. A search is the act of a person entering text in good faith with the intent of obtaining search results from Bing for the user's own research purposes ("Search") Does not include search queries entered through a bot, macro, or other automated or fraudulent method of any kind. A purchase is the process of purchasing goods or downloading and obtaining a license to digital content from Microsoft, whether for free or for a fee ("Purchase"). Rewards points are not offered for every Microsoft purchase. From time to time, Microsoft may offer additional opportunities to earn points. Points savings offers will not be available perpetually. You may redeem accumulated points for rewards listed on the redemption page at https://aka.ms/redeemrewards ("Rewards"). For more information, see the Rewards section at support.microsoft.com (https://support.microsoft.com) ("Frequently Asked Questions"). 1. Program Requirements. You have a valid Microsoft account and your devices must meet the minimum system requirements (https://account.microsoft.com/rewards/). The Program is open to users residing in the markets listed in the FAQs. Individual users may not own more than one Program account, even if an individual has multiple email addresses, and households are limited to six accounts. The Program is for your personal and non-commercial use only. 2. Points. You cannot transfer points, but you can share your points within your Microsoft family (limits may apply) or donate to one of the non-profits listed on the redemption page. Points are not your personal property and cannot be exchanged for cash. Points are awarded to you on a promotional basis. You cannot buy points. Microsoft may limit the amount of points or Rewards per person, per household, or within a given time period (for example, a day), provided you are not penalized for acting in good faith. You cannot redeem more than 550,000 points per calendar year in this Program. Points you have earned in this Program are not valid in, and cannot be used in conjunction with, any other program offered by Microsoft or a third party. Unredeemed points will expire if you do not save or redeem points for 18 months. 3. Rewards.You can redeem points on the redemption page or you can donate points to from the listed nonprofits by visiting the redemption page (https://aka.ms/redeemrewards) or by opting in to auto-donate to nonprofits at a donation program. Limited quantities of a particular Reward may be available and such Rewards will be awarded on a first-come, first-served basis. You may be asked to provide additional information, such as your address and a phone number (not a VOIP or toll-free number), and you may be asked to enter a fraud prevention code or sign additional legal documents to redeem points for Rewards . Once you have redeemed points for a reward, you cannot cancel it or return the Reward to get your points back, except in the case of defective products or as required by applicable law. If you order a Reward that is out of stock or otherwise unavailable, we may replace it with a Reward of comparable value or refund your points. Microsoft may refresh Rewards offered on the redemption page or stop offering certain Rewards. Some Rewards may have an age limit. Such requirements will be included in the relevant offer. You are responsible for all federal, state, and local taxes and other fees associated with accepting and using the Rewards. Rewards are emailed to the email address associated with your Microsoft account. So make sure your email address is up to date. Rewards that cannot be delivered will not be reissued and will therefore expire. Rewards may not be resold. For more information about automatically donating points to nonprofits, see the Bing Donating FAQ (https://www.microsoft.com/rewards/give-mode-overview). 4. Termination of Your Participation in the Program. If you no longer wish to participate in the Microsoft Rewards program, follow the instructions on the cancellation page (https://account.microsoft.com/rewards/optout?confirm=false). If you cancel the Program, you will immediately lose all your available points. Your Program account may be terminated if you fail to log in at least once within an 18-month period. In addition, Microsoft reserves the right to terminate a specific user's Program account in the event of tampering with or misusing the Program, committing fraud, or violating these terms. Upon termination of the Program (either by you or by us) or if the Program is suspended, you have 90 days to redeem your points. After that the points expire. Upon termination, your right to use the Program and accrue further points will expire. 5. Other Terms. Microsoft reserves the right to disqualify you, disable your access to the Program or your Rewards account, and/or withhold points, Rewards, and charitable contributions, if Microsoft believes you are sabotaging or misusing any aspect of the Program, to is ineligible to receive a Reward for legal reasons (for example, under export laws) or engages in activities that violate these Terms. m. Azure. Your use of the Azure service is governed by the terms of the separate agreement under which you obtained the services, as described on the Microsoft Azure legal information page at https://aka.ms/AA7z67v. 14. Other Provisions. This Section and Sections 1, 9 (for amounts due before the end of these Terms), 10, 11, 12, 16 and the sections applicable by their provisions after termination of the Terms shall survive termination or cancellation of the Terms. We may assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of our rights and obligations, in whole or in part, at any time without notice, so long as such assignment, transfer or disposal is not to your detriment. You may not assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of these Terms or any rights to use the Services. This is the entire agreement between you and Microsoft for the use of the Services. This agreement supersedes all prior agreements between you and Microsoft regarding your use of the Services. All parts of these Terms apply to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law.If a court arbitrator determines that we cannot enforce any part of these Terms as stated, those provisions will be deemed superseded by equivalent provisions to the fullest extent enforceable under applicable law. However, the rest of these Terms remain unchanged. These Terms are for the sole benefit of you and us. The agreement is not for the benefit of others, except for Microsoft's successors and assigns. Headings above articles are for reference only. 15. Waiver of End User Consumer Protection Provisions. If you are a micro-enterprise, small business or non-profit organisation, you agree to waive any rights you otherwise may have under the European Electronic Communications Code (Directive 2018/1972) Article 102(1) , 3, and 5; Article 105(1); and Article 107, paragraphs 1 and 3. 16. Export Law. You must comply with all domestic and foreign export laws and regulations that apply to the software and/or Services, including restrictions regarding destinations, end users and end use. For more information on geographic and export restrictions, please visit https://www.microsoft.com/exporting. 17. Reservation of rights and feedback. Except as expressly permitted in these Terms, Microsoft does not grant you any license or other rights under any patent, know-how, copyright, trade secret, trademark, or other intellectual property owned or controlled by Microsoft or any related entity, including without limitation names, designs, logos or similar things. If you provide Microsoft with an idea, proposal, suggestion, or feedback, including without limitation ideas for new products, technologies, promotions, product names, product feedback, and product improvements ("Feedback"), you are granting, at no cost, royalty, or other obligation to you, to Microsoft the right to create or have created derivative works based on your Feedback in any manner and for any purpose, and to use, share and monetize your Feedback. You will not provide Feedback that is subject to a license that requires Microsoft to license its own software, technologies, or documentation to third parties because it incorporates your Feedback. Notices and Procedure for Filing Intellectual Property Infringement Claims. Microsoft respects the intellectual property rights of third parties. If you wish to file an intellectual property infringement claim, including a copyright infringement claim, we recommend that you send notice to Microsoft's designated agent. For more information and contact details, please see the Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement (https://www.microsoft.com/info/cpyrtInfrg.html). Microsoft uses the processes set forth in Chapter 17 of the United States Code, Section 512 to respond to notices of copyright infringement. If circumstances warrant, Microsoft may also disable or terminate accounts of users of Microsoft services who are repeat infringers. Notices and Procedures Concerning Intellectual Property Questions in Advertising. Please refer to our Intellectual Property Guidelines (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=243207) for information regarding intellectual property questions within our ad network. Copyright and brand notices. The Services are copyright  Microsoft Corporation and/or its suppliers, One Microsoft Way, Redmond, Washington 98052, USA. All rights reserved. Microsoft's Trademark and Brand Name Guidelines (https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/usage/general.aspx) (including amendments made from time to time) are part of the Conditions. Microsoft and the names, logos, and icons of all Microsoft products, software, and services may be registered or unregistered trademarks of Microsoft group companies in the United States and/or other countries. Below is a non-exhaustive list of Microsoft trademarks: https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/trademarks/EN-US.aspx. The names of actual companies and products may be trademarks of their respective owners. All rights not expressly granted in these Terms are reserved. Certain software used on Microsoft Web servers is based in part on work by the Independent JPEG Group. Copyright  1991-1996 Thomas G. Lane. All rights reserved."gnuplot" software used on certain Microsoft website servers is copyright  19861993 Thomas Williams, Colin Kelley. All rights reserved. Medical Notice Microsoft does not provide medical or other health care advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek advice from your doctor or other licensed health care professional when you have questions about a medical condition, diet, fitness or wellness program. Do not disregard professional medical advice or delay a visit to a medical professional in connection with information you have accessed on or through the Services. Stock prices and index data (including index values). Financial information provided through the Services is for your personal, non-commercial use only. You may not use the financial data or indicators of third party licensors in connection with the issue, creation, sponsorship, trading, marketing, or promotion of financial instruments or investment products (such as derivatives, structured products, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, investment portfolios , etc., where the price, return and/or performance of the instrument or investment product is based on, related to, or intended to track the financial data) without a separate written agreement with the third party licensor. Financial Notice. Microsoft is not a broker/dealer or registered investment advisor under the federal securities laws of the United States or the securities laws of other jurisdictions, and does not advise any person regarding the advisability of investing in, or buying or selling stocks or other financial products or services. No information in the Services is intended to offer or encourage the purchase or sale of securities. Neither Microsoft nor its stock quote or index data licensors endorses or recommends any specific financial products or services. No information in the Services is intended to constitute professional advice, including without limitation investment or tax advice. H.264/AVC, MPEG-4 Visual, and VC-1 Video Standard Notice. The software may contain H.264/AVC, MPEG-4 Visual and/or VC-1 codec technology licensed from MPEG LA, L.L.C. This technology is a data compression format of video data. For MPEG LA, L.L.C. this notice is required: THIS PRODUCT IS LICENSED UNDER THE H.264/AVC, MPEG-4 VISUAL AND THE VC-1 PATENT PORTFOLIO LICENSES FOR THE PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL USE BY CONSUMERS FOR (A) ENCODING VIDEO COMPLIANT WITH THE STANDARDS ("VIDEO STANDARDS") AND/OR (B) DECODING H.264/AVC, MPEG-4 VISUAL AND VC-1 VIDEO ENCODED BY A CONSUMER UNDER A PERSONAL AND NON-COMMERCIAL ACTIVITY AND/OR IS OBTAINED FROM A VIDEO PROVIDER LICENSED TO PROVIDE SUCH VIDEO. NONE OF THESE LICENSES EXTEND TO OTHER PRODUCTS, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH PRODUCT IS INCLUDED WITH THIS SOFTWARE IN A SINGLE ARTICLE. NO LICENSE IS GRANTED OR IMPLIED FOR ALL OTHER USES. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION MAY BE OBTAINED FROM MPEG LA, L.L.C. SEE THE MPEG LA WEBSITE (https://www.mpegla.com). For clarification, this notice does not limit or prohibit the use of the software provided under these Terms for normal business purposes that are personal to that company, which does not include (i) redistributing the software to any third party or (ii) making material with technologies in accordance with the VIDEO STANDARDS for distribution to third parties. STANDARD APPLICATION LICENSE TERMS FOR APPLICATIONS PROVIDED IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA MICROSOFT STORE, MICROSOFT STORE FOR WINDOWS AND MICROSOFT STORE FOR XBOX These license terms are an agreement between you and the application publisher. Please read these provisions carefully. They apply to the software applications you download from the Microsoft Store, the Microsoft Store for Windows, or the Microsoft Store for Xbox (each referred to as the "Store" in these License Terms), including any updates or supplements for the application, unless separate terms are provided with the application, in which case those terms will apply. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, YOU HAVE NO AUTHORITY TO DOWNLOAD OR USE THE APPLICATION AND YOU SHOULD NOT DO SO. The application publisher is the entity that licenses the application to you, as listed in the Store. If you comply with these license terms, you have the rights below. 1. INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS.You may install and use the application on Windows devices or Xbox consoles as described in Microsoft's Rules of Use (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=723143). Microsoft reserves the right to change the Microsoft Terms of Use (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkId=723143) at any time. 2. INTERNET-BASED SERVICES. a. Consent to Internet-Based or Wireless Services. If the application connects to computer systems over the Internet, which may involve traffic over a wireless network, your use of the application constitutes consent to the transmission of standard device information (including, but not limited to, technical information about your device, system and application software, and peripheral devices) for Internet-based or wireless services. If other terms are presented in connection with your use of the services you access through the application, they will also apply. b. Misuse of Internet-Based Services. You may not use Internet-based services in a manner that would intentionally damage the services or interfere with others' use of the services or the wireless network. You may not use the service to attempt to gain unauthorized access to any service, data, account or network by any means. 3. SCOPE OF THE LICENSE. The application is not sold, but licensed. This agreement grants you only certain rights to use the application. If Microsoft disables the ability to use the applications on your devices under your agreement with Microsoft, any related license rights will expire. The application publisher reserves all other rights. You may use the Application only as expressly provided in this Agreement, unless applicable law grants you more rights notwithstanding this limitation. In doing so, you must comply with the technical limitations in the application that limit you to using the application in certain ways. You are not allowed to: a. circumvent technical limitations in the application. b. reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the application, except and only to the extent expressly permitted by applicable computer program copyright notices. c. make more copies of the Application than specified in this Agreement or, notwithstanding this limitation, permitted by applicable law. d. publish or otherwise make the application available to others for copying. e. rent, lease or lend the application. f. Transfer of the application or this agreement to a third party. 4. DOCUMENTATION. If documentation is provided with the application, you may copy and use the documentation for personal reference purposes. 5. TECHNOLOGY AND EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. The Application may be subject to technology and export control laws and regulations of the United States and other countries. You must comply with all national and international export laws and regulations that apply to the technology used or supported by the application. Such laws impose restrictions on destinations, end users and end uses. More information about Microsoft products can be found on the Microsoft export website (https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=868967). 6. SUPPORT SERVICES. Contact the application publisher to determine if support services are available. Microsoft, your hardware manufacturer, and your mobile phone company are not responsible for providing support services for the application (unless it is the application publisher). 7. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This agreement, the applicable privacy policy, any additional terms that accompany the application, and the terms for additions and updates, constitute the entire license agreement between you and the application publisher. 8. APPLICABLE LAW. a. United States and Canada. If you obtained the application in the United States or Canada, the laws of the state or province where you live (or, in the case of companies, where your principal place of business is located) govern the interpretation of these terms, claims for infringement thereof and all other claims (including claims relating to consumer protection, unfair competition and tort), irrespective of the principles of private international law. b. Outside the United States and Canada.If you acquired the application in another country, the law of that country will apply. 9. LEGAL EFFECT. This agreement describes certain rights. You may have other rights in your jurisdiction. This Agreement does not change your rights under the laws of your state or country if the laws of your state or country do not allow it. 10. NO WARRANTY. The application is licensed "as is", with all bugs present, and as available. The application publisher excludes on behalf of itself, Microsoft (if Microsoft is not the application publisher), mobile phone companies over whose network the application is provided, and our and their respective affiliates, suppliers and agents ("Covered Parties" ) excludes all express warranties and conditions associated with the application. You are entitled to all mandatory warranties provided by law, but we make no other warranties. To the maximum extent permitted, Covered Parties exclude all implied warranties, including warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, security, ease of use, and non-infringement. 11. LIMITATION OF REMEDIES AND DAMAGES. a. The application publisher is not responsible for user content or third party materials, including links to third party websites and activities provided by users. Such content and activities are not attributable to the application publisher and do not represent the views of the application publisher. b. The application publisher shall be liable only if material obligations under these license terms have been breached. c. The application publisher, its vicarious agents and/or its legal representatives shall not be liable for accidental damages and/or financial losses related to indirect damages, including loss of profits, unless the application publisher, its vicarious agents and/or its legal representatives have acted at least with gross negligence or intent. d. Any legal liability of the application publisher, including, without limitation, liability under product liability law and legal liability for breach of warranty, is not covered by the limitation of liability. This includes liability of the application publisher, its vicarious agents and/or its legal representative for fraud or tort resulting in personal injury or death. e. These license terms for the application and/or use of the application or services made available through the application do not create any contractual or legal claim other than those set forth in subsections (a) through (e) of this clause 11. There are currently no affiliated contracting entities. Your contracting entity is Microsoft Ireland Operations Limited.