B - 14 CANADORE COLLEGE CORPORATE POLICY MANUAL TITLE: Protection of Privacy EFFECTIVE DATE: May 23, 2017 1.1 1.2 SCOPE Authority This policy is issued under the authority of the Board of Governors. Application This policy applies to all Canadore College employees, students, researchers, associates and contractors. 2.1 PURPOSE AND PRINCIPLES The purpose of this policy is: to express the College's commitment to respecting privacy and protecting personal information in accordance with applicable legislation; and to provide guiding principles for the collection, use, disclosure and retention of personal information in the custody of the College that comply with applicable legislation. 3.1 3.2 POLICY Canadore College is subject to the legal requirements respecting the collection, use, disclosure and retention of personal information set out in the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act and Personal Health Information Protection Act. All College employees, students, researchers, associates and contractors will abide by the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act and Personal Health Information Protection Act when working with personal information, and will collect, use and disclose personal information only when necessary to perform their assigned duties. Personal information will be kept secure at all times. B-14 Protection of Privacy Policy Replaces Freedom of Information and Protection of Individual Privacy Act, 1987 Policy (1989) Reviewed/Approved: December 18, 2007, Resolution #27-08; April 20, 2010, Res. #70-10; May 21, 2013, Res. #73-13; May 23, 2017, Res. #59-17 Procedure # 3.3 Personal information must be used and disclosed only for the purposes(s) for which it was collected and must be kept secure at all times. Personal information may be disclosed to other employees only on a "need to know" basis where they require the information to perform their assigned duties and responsibilities. 3.4 Personal information must be retained and destroyed in accordance with records retention schedules established by the College or applicable legislation. 4.1 4.2 ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES Board of Governors The Board of Governors is responsible for the initial approval of the policy and subsequent amendments. President The President is responsible for the overall management and operation of the College. The President will ensure the policy is implemented and that compliance is monitored. EVALUATION This policy will be reviewed every 3 years. B-14 Protection of Privacy Policy Replaces Freedom of Information and Protection of Individual Privacy Act, 1987 Policy (1989) Reviewed/Approved: December 18, 2007, Resolution #27-08; April 20, 2010, Res. #70-10; May 21, 2013, Res. #73-13; May 23, 2017, Res. #59-17 Procedure #California Privacy Policy Additional California Consumer Rights If you are a resident of California, you have additional rights to access and control your Personal Information under the California Consumer Privacy Act. Right to Know (Personal Information Disclosure Request) As a California resident, you have the right to request twice in a 12-month period that we provide you (i) the categories or specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you; (ii) the categories of sources from which we collected your Personal Information; (iii) the business or commercial purpose for which we collected your Personal Information; (iv) the categories of Service Providers or Third Parties with whom we shared your Personal Information; and (v) the categories of Third Parties to whom we sold your Personal Information. We are not permitted to provide access to specific pieces of Personal Information if the Personal Information is sensitive or creates a high risk of potential harm from disclosure to an unauthorized person (e.g., financial information, social security numbers, and driver's license numbers). To protect your Personal Information, we will take steps to validate your identity before any information is shared. We will process verified requests within 45 days, subject to any applicable exceptions and extensions permitted by law. Right to Deletion (Delete My Personal Information Request) As a California resident, you have the right to request that we delete Personal Information we have collected about you. Please understand that we are not required to honor a deletion request if a legal exemption applies such as if we need the information to complete a requested or reasonably anticipated transaction, prevent security incidents or fraud, enable internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations, or comply with legal obligations. We will process verified requests within 45 days, subject to any applicable exceptions and extensions permitted by law. Submitting a Request If you are a California resident and would like to exercise your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you may submit a request by email or write to us at: Radwell International Inc, 1 Millennium Drive, Willingboro, NJ 08046, USA Authorized Agent If you are an authorized agent submitting a request for a California resident, you must provide a copy of a lawful power of attorney or written authorization from the Consumer (along with proof of your identity). If you make a request as an authorized agent, you will receive additional instructions. We may contact you or the Consumer on whose behalf you claim to act to verify your authorization. Non-Discrimination Notice We will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their privacy rights under law or this Privacy Policy. California "Do Not Track" Disclosure Do Not Track is a web browser privacy preference that causes the web browser to broadcast a signal to websites requesting that a user's activity not be tracked. Currently, our Sites and Services do not respond to "do not track" signals. Radwell International Inc | Registered address 1 Millennium Drive, Willingboro, NJ 08046. United States of America. California Privacy Policy Contact If you have any questions about our Sites, Services, or this Privacy Policy, please email or write to us at: Radwell International Inc, 1 Millennium Drive, Willingboro, NJ 08046, USA Last updated 07-01-2020 These policies are directed at our global residents and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with, the Radwell International website, country of origins Law. Any disputes arising from this website shall be dealt with by the website's country of origins courts. No representations are made as to whether the information is applicable or available in any other country that may have access to it. Copyright © 2020 Radwell International Inc. All rights reserved. Radwell Global Policies Radwell International Inc | Registered address 1 Millennium Drive, Willingboro, NJ 08046. United States of America.Brandon Privacy Policy At Brandon, we care for your personal integrity and we strive for a high level of data protection. This policy describes, among other things, which types of personal data we process, why we process them and how we make sure they are protected. Who is responsible for the personal data Brandon processes? Brandon AB, company registration number 556447-0390, Box 48030, 418 21 Göteborg, Sweden, is the Personal Data Controller for the processing of personal data at Brandon. Which types of personal data is processed by Brandon? Brandon processes a very limited amount of personal data, primarily your name and your contact details such as address, e-mail address and phone number. In some cases we also process your IP- address. Why are we processing personal data? The primary reason for processing personal data is because you are, or have been, our customer. This can be either as a private consumer or through your employment or business association with one of our corporate customers. In connection herewith, we need to process personal data for the main purposes to: Fulfil our commitment connected with your purchase from us, such as product delivery, invoicing etc Fulfil legal obligations, such as the Swedish Accounting Act Fulfil potential guarantee commitments, handle product claims, customer service cases etc. - Maintain our common interest to a continued supplier-customer relationship How, where and how long do we process and store personal data? We store and process all personal data within IT systems on computers and servers, all protected by passwords, up-to-date virus protection and other security measures to secure that only authorized personnel are able to access personal data. All computers and servers where we process personal data are located within EU/ EEA. We save your personal data as long as any of the purposes mentioned under "why" above is still valid. Brandon AB P.O. Box 480 30 418 21 Goteborg, Sweden Visit: Lindholmspiren 3B Phone: +46 31 7644700 www.Brandoncompany.com With whom may we possibly share your personal data? Brandon may in some cases become legally obliged to share information with government authorities (e.g the police or tax authorities). We are also sharing personal data with companies which provide goods transportation (logistics companies, freight forwarders) or payment solutions (payment service providers). In such cases, the partners shall process the data as independent personal data controllers in accordance with their own privacy policies. Which are your rights as an individual? You, as an individual, have the right to know what personal data we hold about you in our IT systems. If we receive such a request, we may ask for additional information to secure that we disclose the information to the right person. Thereafter, we will provide you with the information without undue delay. Should you, in connection with this, notice that any of the data we hold is incorrect, you have the right to ask for a correction. You, as an individual, also has the right to have your personal data deleted from our systems. There may be reasons for us not to grant your request for deletion if there are legal obligations that prevent us from doing so. How can you contact us if you have questions around data protection and processing of personal data? You are welcome to contact your normal contact person within Brandon, who will pass on your question internally. Alternatively you can use the contact form on our website www.brandoncompany.com, or send an e-mail to info@brandoncompany.com. Latest update 2018-05-14 Brandon AB P.O. Box 480 30 418 21 Goteborg, Sweden Visit: Lindholmspiren 3B Phone: +46 31 7644700 www.Brandoncompany.com