Privacy Policy Updated Effective: 7/7/2022 As a security product, AlfredCamera (also referred to as “we” or “us“ or “our”) treats your data seriously and is committed to putting every effort in to ensure your privacy is safe and secure. This privacy policy describes how and why we collect, store, use, share and protect the information obtained from the individuals who visit our Website and who register to use AlfredCamera as a user. This policy also describes the action you can take when you have concerns about our privacy practices. We pledge to collect and process your information under these principles: We will be as transparent as possible, including how we use your information and whom we share it with.We will keep your information as secure and safe as possible by implementing security measures in line with industry standards.We will ask for your consent when there is new personal data to be collected/shared. By using AlfredCamera, you agree to allow us to collect and process the information about you for the purposes described below. Under no circumstances do our products and services access your information without receiving your consent first. How Is The Information Collected and Used We obtain certain personal information about you and information that is related to your experience with our products and services. The below table will help you know more about what information we collect, and how we use it: Category Type Source Purpose Account info Email address User provide in registration process Account name that relates to an identifiable account.A user's contact info to send system and marketing email. User ID System generated in the registration process User ID that relates to a registered account. Usage Purposes User provide in the registration process Used in usage statistics Unsubscribed Email User unsubscribe marketing email Remove from marketing email list Language From device API Determine the display language Location Registered location Derives location information from an IP address Determine default service provider (API and storage server).Used to improve service quality and resolve issues. Last login location Derives location information from an IP address 1. Determine the default service provider (API and storage server). 2. Used to improve service quality and resolve issues. Device Info Device info From device API Identify a paired device using our services, such as Mac address, model name, OS version, and device aliases. IP address From device API Derives location information from an IP address. Installation ID From device API Identify installed devices to send notifications. Financial info Purchase history From Google Play or App Store's Billing Library (in-app purchase) Information about purchases a user has made, to deliver corresponding features. User payment info From Google Play or App Store's Billing Library (in-app purchase) Information to process the purchase order and refund request. App info and performance Crash logs Report from App crash log Crash log data from your app. For example, the number of times your app has crashed, stack traces, or other information directly related to a crash. Used to improve service quality and resolve issues. Diagnostics Report from App usage log Information about the performance of your app. For example: battery life, loading time, latency, frame rate, or any technical diagnostics. Used to improve service quality and resolve issues. App info Report from App usage log Information to provide corresponding services, such as app version, and app settings. App activity App interactions Report from App usage log Information about how a user interacts with your app. For example, the number of times they visit a page, or what they tap on. Used to improve service quality and resolve issues. Event video Upload when video recorded (triggered by motion detection or manually) Event videos recorded, timestamps & durations. User feedback Feedback Collect from Feedback Form, survey, and social media Collect user feedback to identify or resolve issues for users, and to optimize our product More details on the information we collect: Provide, develop, and improve our products and services for you. For example, we store your data on our servers in order to allow you to stream videos, save content and share it with others with your permissionPursue legitimate interests, including conducting research, helping us form business decisions, personalizing the services for you based on the types of devices you are using or the environment where you have your devices set upComply with legal obligations.For example, we may process your information in response to legal processes or law enforcement requests Communicate with you, such as providing potentially practical tips and special offers for youAddress technical issues reported by you to improve functionalities and availabilities of the servicesInvestigate potential violations of Terms of ServiceProcess and fulfill claims and orders in connection with our products and services and keep you informed about the status of your order In most cases, the data we use for research and analyzing purposes are processed in a non-identifiable form, which means the information is processed anonymously and will never be associated with you. For example, we may track aggregated information like registration and validation rates to help us design more effective onboarding pages. We may also use a machine-learning algorithm to access the data automatically without manual operation and help us provide personalized services for specific groups of individuals. We use such information to help us increase sales, make marketing decisions, and pursue legitimate interests. However, we may access your information in a personally identifiable way under the following circumstances: (1) when you encounter any technical issue and request that we address such issue; (2) when we investigate potential violations of Terms of Service; (3) when we have to meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request. Whenever your personal information is involved in any case stated above, we will always ask for your consent before taking any further action. Please also note that this principle is established for those who are in compliance with our Terms of Service. We may process the information on the platforms provided by third-party service providers. Though these service providers are shared with your personal information for the purpose of providing the services for us, they are restricted from sharing it for any other purpose. If you are not willing to have your personal information accessed by any of these service providers, you may opt-out by contacting us at the issue report form . To learn more about their policies, please click here We take data security very seriously and keep the information obtained from you safe and secure in line with industry standards. Your personal information is encrypted while it is transmitted to our servers in order to prevent any unauthorized third parties or threats from accessing the data. Please note that we may process your personal information on servers not necessarily located in your home country. Our products and services are designed to provide you with the ability to see, hear, and speak to anyone on your monitoring device. In order for our products and services to function properly, we obtain content and related information that is captured and recorded when you use our products and services. For example, we store the events captured by the motion detector in our servers in order to provide evidence to identify the suspect. In addition, our products and services may also collect data from their surrounding environment to perform certain functions (such as Motion Detection and Auto Low-Light Filter that is activated automatically when it’s unlit). Information Collected Automatically We may use cookies, web server logs, web beacons, and other information-gathering technologies to obtain certain information that helps us identify you quickly. These types of information include IP address, identifiers associated with your devices, types of devices connected to our services, web browser characteristics, device characteristics, language preferences, referring/exit pages, clickstream data, and dates and times of website or app visits. These technologies help us (1) identify you and count visits to our websites; (2) keep track on how you interact with our products and services; (3) customize the services based on your preferences; (4) understand the usage of our products and effectiveness of our communications; and (5) manage and improve our products and services. For free users, our advertising partners may collect information by automatic means through our app to display and manage advertising on our app. For example, your usage patterns on our app may serve as an important reference for them to suggest interest-based advertisements to you. Please rest assured that this type of information is processed in a non-identifiable way and that they also have strict rules for processing such information. Please see the below section for service providers’ policies . If you are not willing to have such information used to present your interest-based ads, you may opt out by following the instructions in this article Information Sharing We will never share your information for any commercial and marketing purpose unrelated to the delivery of our products and services without receiving your consent first.We will never sell or rent our user list or any other related information that can possibly be associated with you. We are dedicated to minimizing the exposure of our users’ identities and may only share your personal information in the following limited situations: We may share some of your personal information with the individuals you invite to join the trust circle (a feature allowing you to share your cameras with others). These authorized individuals have access to the visual and audio data captured and streamed on the device, information of the device such as the status and power level. They are also authorized to generate additional data (recordings). We may process the information obtained from you on the platforms our third-party partners provide. As stated above, though these service providers are shared with the information, they are restricted from disclosing it. Check their privacy policies here . The technicians who oversee data processing and storage are able to access certain information about you in order to complete their tasks and answer your questions. We have strict rules for our technicians and under no circumstances are they allowed to disclose your information for any non-Alfred purpose. We may disclose your personal information for the following legal reasons: (1) to respond to law enforcement requests. For example, we may share crime scenes captured by our products and services to help the police track down criminals; (2) to comply with law or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena); (3) to investigate potential violations of Terms of Service; (4) to protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of AlfredCamera as permitted by law. We ask for your consent before processing your information. You are also given the right to opt out or withdraw that consent at any time. Should you have any further questions about your rights to privacy, please reach out to us User Choices We generally retain your personal information on our servers as long as you remain an Alfred user for the purpose of offering you the services and pursuing the legitimate interests outlined above. You have the right to request access to the information we collect about you. Upon your request, we can also remove your account from our database and cease the contract within a few days. To do so, please refer to " How do I delete my Alfred account " in our help center. We offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information we obtain about you. To update your preferences, limit the communications you receive from us, or submit a request, please refer to the Contact Us section below. You also may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us by following the unsubscribe instructions in the communications you receive or email support@alfred.camera. We do need to send you certain communications about our products and services, and you will not be able to opt out of those communications. Promotional Emails You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from Alfred by following the instructions in those emails or by contacting us at support@alfred.camera. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations. Mobile Push Notifications/Alerts With your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device. Location Permission Location permission may be required during certain circumstances, such as the AlfredCam pairing process or for specific features in the app. If you initially consent to our collection of precise location from our mobile app, you may subsequently stop this collection by changing the preferences on your mobile device. Retention Policy The retention period for storing personal data is depending on the purpose of data processed: Account-related information: data will be deleted along with your account deletion request.Device-related information: data will be deleted when you manually delete the paired devices in your account.App usage log: Raw data will be deleted in 60 days. We use anonymous usage statistics to help improve the quality of our service, and no personally identifiable data is contained. Event videos: free user’s content will be kept for 7 days. Premium users’ content will be kept from 14 to 30 days, depending on the service package. Policy for Children Only individuals aged above 18 are permitted to own an Alfred account. Individuals aged above 16 but below 18 are requested to be under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian while using our products and services and only when they agree to be bound by these Terms on your behalf. We do not knowingly obtain information from children aged below 16.Individual Rights for EEA If you are an EU citizen or resident, you are given certain rights that are available to you under applicable laws. To see more details on your rights, please see the GDPR rights for individuals If you would like to request access to your personal data, please refer to the Contact Us section below to submit a rights request. It would take a few days for us to verify your identity so as to protect your privacy and security before we process your request. Please beware that exercising any of the rights may have an impact on your experience with AlfredCamera. California Privacy Rights Act If you are a California resident, you may request to disclose what personal information AlfredCamera has about you and what we do with that information, to delete your personal information, and not to sell your personal information. You also have the right to be notified, before or at the point businesses collect your personal information, of the types of personal information they are collecting and what they may do with that information. To see more details on your rights, please see California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) If you would like to request access to your personal data, please refer to the Contact Us section below to submit a rights request. It would take a few days for us to verify your identity so as to protect your privacy and security before we process your request. Please beware that exercising any of the rights may have an impact on your experience with AlfredCamera. International Data Transmission We may store your personal data in data centers outside the country you live in. The data may be transferred internationally depending on the service operation requirements. We do not store your personal data in China. Please refer to the Data Processors section for more details. Information Shared With Our Advertising Partners Our Advertising Partners and Their Privacy Policies Our advertising partners provide services that help us match our ad space supply with advertiser demand. They may collect information by automatic means through our app to display and manage advertising on our app. They also set up strict rules on processing your information. Below is the list of our advertising partners and their privacy policies: AppLovin: Privacy Policy Facebook Audience Network: Privacy Policy MyTarget: Privacy Policy PubNative: Privacy Policy Information shared with our service providers Our Service Providers and Their Privacy Policies We may process your data on the following platforms that our partners provide for research and analyzing purposes. We may share your information with them for the purpose of processing your data on our behalf. They are restricted from sharing it for any other non-Alfred purpose. Below is the list of our service providers and their privacy policies: Flurry Analytics: Privacy Policy Google Analytics: Privacy Policy Our Data Processors and Their Privacy Policies These third-party partners provide services that help us transfer data internationally. We may process your data on the following platforms that our partners provide for research and analyzing purposes. We may share your information with them for the purpose of processing your data on our behalf. They are restricted from sharing it for any other non-Alfred purpose. Both server providers are certified under the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework. They have strict rules on data transmission. Here is the list of their privacy policies and certifications: Vendor Name Data Processing Activity Contact Info Privacy Policy Certification Amazon Web Services, Inc Cloud storage provider privacyshield@amazon.com Google Cloud services and physical storage provider, presynching of user device IDs for targeting on google ad exchange privacy-shield-google@google.com Updates To Our Privacy Notice This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time, depending on our business demands and/or changes to regulatory requirements. We will always ask for your review and approval when we make any changes. Contact Us Once again, we take the information we gather from you rather seriously. Generally, the information is collected to serve as an important reference to provide you with better products and services. If you have any questions about our privacy practices, you may submit an inquiry via our Feedback Form Was this article helpful? 22734 out of 25755 found this helpful Related articles