Frequently Asked Questions IRC-Chat SITE-SPECIFIC INFORMATION FOR MEMBERS I registered an account but did not receive the confirmation e-mail! this link Here I've lost my user name or password! Can you please send it to me? this form Can you rename my account? contact staff Can I delete my account? contact staff How can I be sure of my privacy? Help please! I cannot log in! See: TECHNICAL ISSUES How can I find my ratio details? My Info overall individual Remember that you are personally responsible for ensuring that your overall ratio is 1.0 (or above) and that you are seeding back to site minimums. Failure to do so will result in a warning, a disabled account, download disablement (Seed Only) ... or even a ban. How do I earn seedbonus/karma/FL Wedges/Cheese? BY SEEDING: ATTENDING IRC: BEWARE PARTIAL DOWNLOADS: Bonus Points Guide FL WEDGES AND THE MILLIONAIRE'S VAULT: Buy as Personal Freeleech Add to Next Freeleech Picks CHEESE: How can I check my Connectability status? green grey, not Yes No Unknown See: CONNECTABILTY: General technical assistance can be found here: You should check your Connectability status each time you log in and at regular intervals thereafter. Lack of Connectabilty is one of the major reasons for ratio failure and torrenting problems! How do I add an avatar to my profile? Rules preferences Details What are the different member and staff classes? MEMBERS: Mouse: Automatic demotion IF your overall ratio drops to below 1.0. So keep on sharing and don't be greedy! User: Any member above 1.0 ratio, who has not qualified for Power User yet Power User: Automatic Promotion (within 15 min) once you've been a member for 4 weeks uploaded over 25GB and have an overall ratio of 2.0. (Note that you will be automatically demoted from this status if your ratio drops below 2.0 at any time.) : Donor star. Has generously donated to MyAnonaMouse.Net. VIP: Can be bought with bonus points or donations. VIP members have their own forum and special VIP freeleech torrents. Note: You must first obtain Power User Status if purchasing with bonus points. Elite VIP: Special members that the staff feel contribute something extra to the site.....this can be anything from being usefully active in the IRC to being active on the site e.g posting in the forums, uploading torrents etc. (Anyone begging for VIP status will be automatically disqualified.) Elite: Same privileges as an Elite VIP and is considered an Elite Member of MyAnonaMouse.Net. Immune however to automatic demotion. There are also some special perks with this user class. Supporter: Continuous supporter of MyAnonaMouse.net. Mouseketeer: Retired staff member class. Uploader: Special class of members that consistently upload new content on a monthly basis. This class is chosen by Senior staff. They are immune to automatic demotion and have extra special perks. This class contributes the good stuff for us - so let's say a HUGE THANK YOU to them!! STAFF: (Please note that most members of staff perform a range of other duties in addition to those outlined below) Entry Level Staff: Trainee Staff learning the ropes. Support Staff: Assist members with identifying and solving various technical problems. Forum Moderators: Responsible for checking that all posts are in line with the site rules and welcoming all new members in the Introduction thread. Torrent Moderators: Monitor and edit new uploads for rules violations, duplicates and general ease of access. Moderator: Can edit and delete any uploaded torrents. Can also moderate user comments and disable accounts. Senior Moderator: Has a greater range of responsibilities to help moderate the site. Administrator: Has a wide range of responsibilities to ensure the smooth running of the site. Senior Administrator: Is between Sysops and Administrators. SysOp: Responsible for the broader aspects of site management. GENERAL INFORMATION RELATED TO TORRENT ISSUES TORRENT STATS: Why are my ratio stats not updating? Please see:How can I check my Connectabilty status? CLIENTS: Can I use any BitTorrent client? Rules on Clients How can I improve my ratios? REMEMBER!! You must follow the usual minimum Seeding rules on FREELEECH downloads too i.e a total of 72 hours within 30 days Why do my downloads sometimes slow down/stall when they are nearly complete? How can I improve my download speed? - Do not immediately jump on new torrents The download speed mostly depends on the seeder-to-leecher ratio (SLR). Poor download speed is mainly a problem with new and very popular torrents where the SLR is low. (Make sure you remember that you did not enjoy the low speed.Seed so that others will not endure the same!) - Limit your upload speed The upload speed affects the download speed in essentially two ways: •Bittorrent peers tend to favour those other peers that upload to them. This means that if A and B are leeching the same torrent and A is sending data to B at high speed then B will try to reciprocate. So due, to this effect, high upload speeds can lead to high download speeds. •Due to the way TCP works, when A is downloading something from B it has to keep telling B that it received the data sent to him. (These are called acknowledgements - ACKs - a sort of "got it!" message). If A fails to do this then B will stop sending data and wait. If A is uploading at full speed there may be no bandwidth left for the ACKs and they will be delayed. So due to this effect excessively high upload speeds lead to low download speeds. The full effect is a combination of the two. The upload should be kept as high as possible while allowing the ACKs to get through without delay. A good rule of thumb is keeping the upload at about 80% of the theoretical upload speed but you will have to fine tune yours to find out what works best for you. (Remember that keeping the upload high has the additional benefit of improving your ratio.) If you are running more than one instance of a client it is the overall upload speed that you must take into account. Some clients (e.g. Azureus) limit global upload speed, others do it on a per torrent basis. Get to know how your client works. The same applies if you are using your connection for anything else (e.g. browsing or ftp), always think of the impact on your overall upload speed. - Limit the number of simultaneous connections> Some operating systems do not deal well with a large number of connections, and may even crash. Also some home routers (particularly when running NAT and/or firewall with stateful inspection services) tend to become slow or crash when having to deal with too many connections. There are no fixed values for this, you may try 60 or 100 and experiment with the value. Note that these numbers are additive, if you have two instances of a client running the numbers add up. - Limit the number of simultaneous uploads Isn't this the same as above? No! Connections limit the number of peers your client is talking to and/or downloading from. Uploads limit the number of peers your client is actually uploading to. The ideal number is typically much lower than the number of connections, and highly dependent on your (physical) connection. - Just give it some time As explained above, peers favour other peers that upload to them. When you start leeching a new torrent you have nothing to offer to other peers and they will tend to ignore you. This makes the starts slow; in particular if the peers you are connected to include few or no seeders. The download speed should increase as soon as you have some pieces to share. Why is my browsing so slow while leeching? NetLimiter. UPLOADING Why can't I upload torrents? Uploaders What criteria must I meet before I can join the Uploading team? You need to fill out the short questionnaire to get your upload ability enabled. Can I upload your torrents to other trackers? No. Can I upload any author? RULES How do I know what piece size to use on creation? 32 KiB 1 Byte through 69 MiB 1 Byte through 156.25 MiB 64 KiB 62.5 MiB through 137.5 MiB 1 Byte through 312.5 MiB 128 KiB 125 MiB through 275 MiB 62.5 MiB through 625 MiB 256 KiB 250 MiB through 550 MiB 125 MiB through 1250 MiB / 1.22 GiB 512 KiB 500 MiB through 1100 MiB / 1.07 GiB 250 MiB through 2500 MiB / 2.44 GiB 1024 KiB / 1 MiB 1000 MiB through 2200 MiB / 2.15 GiB 500 MiB through 4.88 GiB 2048 KiB / 2 MiB 1.95 GiB through 4.30 GiB 1000 MiB through 9.76 GiB 4096 KiB / 4 MiB Generally highest you will need 3.9 GiB through 8.59 GiB 1.95 GiB through 20 GiB (site max) 8192 KiB / 8 MiB Use with caution 7.81 GiB through 17.19 GiB 3.9 GiB through 20 GiB (site max) USEFUL INFORMATION SEEDBOXES - What is a seedbox? The function of a Seedbox is really just as it sounds: a server box that is rented each month to download and seed torrent files. It is located on a private dedicated server which is connected to a very fast network. Seedboxes are generally used for the uploading and downloading of digital files generally making use of the BitTorrent protocol though they can also be used on other file sharing websites. They can run on most major operating systems (Windows, Linux, or Mac OS X). Note: The use of seedboxes with dynamic ip address are not allowed at myanonamouse. Most have options for static ips what you MUST USE if you wish them to work with us. SEEDBOXES - What are the advantages of a seedbox? Speed: They are a very fast! Seedboxes on high speed networks are typically able to download large files within minutes, provided that the swarm can actually handle such a high upload bandwidth.Seedboxes generally have download and upload speeds of 100 megabits per second. This means that a 1 GB file can finish downloading in less than 2 minutes. That same 1 gigabyte file can be uploaded to other users in the same amount of time thus very rapidly creating a 1:1 upload:download ratio for that individual file. The ability of a seedbox to transfer files so quickly makes it very attractive within the P2P and BitTorrent communities. Seeding: since Seedboxes never stop working, after you have downloaded your file on your Seedbox and have transferred it to your computer via sFTP, you can forget about your file and leave it seeding on your box. It will continue to upload for as long as you keep it there. Ratio Maintaince: Private trackers like MyAnonamouse often require that, overall, you seed as much as you download (a 1:1 ratio) so Seedboxes can be very useful in private communities like ours. Without a Seedbox, it can often take a long time on a home computer just to meet/maintain your ratio, where on a Seedbox it might only take a few hours...... Anonymity: It is less easy to trace file sharers using a seedbox SEEDBOXES - And the disadvantages? Cost: As mentioned above, they are usually rented on a monthly basis and vary in cost depending on the type and size. IP ADDRESSES (Internet Protocol Address) Internet Protocol Address: This number is an exclusive numerical label which is used by all Information Technology devices (routers, modems etc) in order to be individually identified. As such it allows them the ability to communicate with each other on a computer network using a standard of communication which is called an Internet Protocol standard. In layman’s terms it is the same principle as your home address. In order for you to receive post to your home, the sending party must have your correct postal address ( = IP address) in your location ( = network) or you do not receive any letters and parcels. The same is true for all equipment on the internet. Without this specific address, information (in the case of MyAnonaMouse, torrents, invitation emails, PM’s etc) simply cannot be received or sent by you. Domain Name System (DNS): This allows the IP address to be translated to words. It is much easier for us to remember a word than a series of numbers. The same is true for email addresses. For example, it is much easier for you to remember a web address name such as whatismyip.com than it is to remember the same thing in number format such as 192.168.1.1. Similarly, in the case of email it is much easier to remember someone@somedomain.com than email@192.168.1.1 ........ IP addresses may either be assigned permanently for an Email server/Business server or a permanent home resident or temporarily , from a pool of available addresses (first come first serve) from your Internet Service Provider (ISP). Dynamic IP Address: One that is not static and could change at any time. This type is issued to you from a pool of addresses allocated by your ISP or DHCP Server. This is for a large number of customers that do not require the same address all the time for a variety of reasons. Your computer will automatically get this number as it logs on to the network and saves you the trouble of having to know details regarding the specific network configurations. This number can be assigned to anyone using a dial-up connection, Wireless and High Speed Internet connections. If you need to run your own email server or web server, it would be best to have a static IP address. Static IP Address: One that is fixed and never changes. This is in contrast to a dynamic IP address which may change at any time. (Most ISP's can offer to assign a single static IP or a block of static IP's). Ipv4: The designers of the Internet Protocol defined an IP address as a 32-bit number[1] and this system, known as Internet Protocol Version4 (IPv4), is still in use today. However, with more and more computers accessing the internet, IPv4 IPs are running out quickly. Just like in an expanding city or country, addresses and telephone numbers have to be created for new neighbourhoods but, if your neighbourhood gets too large, eventually an entirely new pool of addresses for communication purposes has to be developed. IPv4 is limited to 4,294,967,296 IPs. IPv6: The replacement for the aging IPv4....... IPv6 was standardized in 1998 and its deployment has been ongoing since the mid-2000. The estimated number of unique IPs for IPv6 is 340,282,366,920,938,463,463,374,607,431,768,211,456 or 2^128. The old and current standard of IPs was something like this: 192.168.100.100 (which is what most of you will have on your Personal Details page). The new IP address process can be written in different ways (e.g. for IPv6 2001:db8:0:1234:0:567:8:1) but essentially all serve the same process and hence are valid for the range of IP functions.The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) manages the IP address space allocations globally and delegates five regional Internet registries (RIRs) to allocate IP address blocks to local Internet registries - namely, Internet service providers and other entities. WHAT IS CONNECTABILITY? Connectability relates to the state of “being connectable”. Being connectable means that an incoming port on your computer is open thereby allowing “other peers in the Bit Torrent swarm to be able to make connections to you” (that is to say, “people in the same torrent as you can contact you in order to share data.”) A connectable user can share data with anyone in the torrent but two unconnectable people can't establish a connection between them........so if you're not connectable, it means that you can't seed to, or leech from, anyone else who isn't connectable. Obviously this can greatly affect your contribution to the Myanonamouse community and as well as being critical to your ratio.......... Being unconnectable also negatively affects the speed of the “swarm”. Each peer who is unconnectable is restricted to sharing data only with peers who are connectable. If most of the peers in a swarm are connectable the result is relatively unnoticeable; however, the greater the percentage of unconnectable peers, the slower the swarm becomes until it dies at the point where all peers are unconnectable. (After all, at that point there's no one left to connect to!) So being connectable is critically important for good download speeds and the general well being of the "swarm"…….as well as for your personal ratio. When thinking about your Connectability, remember our motto "Friendliness, Warmth and SHARING"!!! TECHNICAL ISSUES ERROR MESSAGES: - I keep getting “HTTP 500 Internal Server Error” when trying to log in ERROR MESSAGES: Why do I get a "rejected by tracker - Port xxxx is blacklisted" error? Kazaa 1214 eDonkey 4662 Gnutella 6346 - 6347 BitTorrent 6881 - 6889 Priviliged ports 1024 & Below IANA increase INTERNET PROTOCOL (I.P.) ADDRESS: CLICK HERE CONNECTABILTY: General technical assistance can be found here: Canyouseeme? Portforward µTorrent: Click here Rtorrent: Click here Transmission CLIENT-BASED RESEEDING/RELOCATING ISSUES: Vuze/Azureus: Click here Transmission: Click here µTorrent - reseeding/reconnecting files: Click here even if there are no leechers. (Very important for ratio purposes!!) Vuze/Azureus: Click here µTorrent: Click here UPLOADING: Transmission Windows: Click here Transmission Mac: Click here Vuze/Azureus Windows: Click here Vuze/Azureus Mac: Click here µTorrent Windows: Click here µTorrent Mac: Click here SEEDBOXES: WARNING for SEEDBOX USERS The site has a strict policy against users having more than one account. In cases where we see more than one account on the same IP, we will by default assume this has happened, and BAN that account. If you know, suspect, or are unsure if your seedbox provider runs multiple users on a single IP, you should message the staff via the internal mail system here and say that you are using a seedbox, the ip address and provider of the seedbox, may have the same IP as some other mouse, and can you have your account set to reflect that duplicate IP usage. General information - Click here Setting up - Seedbox or Optimization assistance and setup can be found here: Click here Why is my client reporting "Unrecognized host/PassKey" contact staff run a quick diagnostic contact staff rule 1.2 Duplicating IP addresses Dynamic Seedbox endpoint Known Client issues What are the known issues with Transmission Transmission is known to be unable to connect to the tracker on https on most versions of ubuntu due to a long standing issue in the version of gnutls used.Transmission (before 2.90) can't handle torrents with an empty path part, which shows up in the torrent file as "e4:pathl0:" and just needs changed to "e4:pathl" however this changes the torrent hash. What are the known issues with µtorrent µTorrent on https will often get stuck when any error is encountered, and stop trying to update with the tracker. Can be fixed by restarting µtorrent, or removing and readding the torrent. What are the known issues with rtorrent Torrents created with some versions of rtorrent and rutorrent cause a flaw in the path, which transmission (and maybe other clients) can't handle, see this entry for details What are known issues with justseed.it What are known issues with qBittorrent? Anonymous Mode will prevent the client from actively talking to the tracker, due to it failing to validate as a proper qBittorrent. As the features of Anonymous mode go against the principles of sharing, we do not allow qBittorrent when in Anonymous Mode What are known issues with Deluge? Downloading Why did an active torrent suddenly disappear? rules How do I resume a broken download or reseed something?Why do my downloads sometimes stall at 99%? What are these "a piece has failed an hash check" messages? The torrent is supposed to be 100MB. How come I downloaded 120MB? Can I post my downloads to other sites? Can I seed torrents using files I already have? What if I can't find the answer to my problem here? You can always try these: Forums Make sure your problem is not really isn't in this FAQ. There's no point in posting just to be sent back here!Before posting read the sticky topics (the ones at the top) in the forums. Very often new information that still hasn't as yet been incorporated in the FAQ can be found there.Help us in helping you. Do not just say "it doesn't work!". Provide relevant details so that we don't have to guess or waste time asking. For example: What client do you use? What's your OS? What's your network setup? What's the exact error message you get, if any? What are the torrents you are having problems with? etc etc......... The more you tell the easiest it will be for us, and the more probable your post will get a reply. And needless to say: be polite. Demanding help rarely works, asking in a pleasant way usually does the trick!