Effective date: Aug 12, 2019 Privacy Notices IVY value the trust that you place in us by providing to us your personal data and we are committed to taking all reasonable precautions to protect your personal data from misuse. We regularly review this Privacy Policy and may revise it from time to time. Please read on for more details on how we collect, use, transfer and retain your personal data. The Information We Collect The information We Obtain About You We may obtain personal information about you in a number of ways, such as: Account information , such as online password, country and other log-in E-mails used to access IVY products and services when you register a IVY account; And your friends accounts and nickname if you choose to add them into your IVY Family; Contact information , such as name, gender, birthday, phone number, and postal address, all this information are optional for customers; Payment information , such as name, billing address and payment card details, including card number, expiration date and security code when you choose to use IVY cloud service, which is collected and stored by our third-party payment processor on our behalf; IVY service only the last four digits of your payment card and the expiration date; Product setup information , such as the name and description of your IVY product, and adjustments you make to the product setup; Technical information about your IVY product , such as your IVY product’s model, serial number, mac address, UID, DDNS and software version, all this information is used for you to access IVY products; Social media handles, content and other data posted on our official social media pages; Information we obtain from third-party social media services (e.g., Facebook) or payment services (e.g., PayPal) if you choose to link to, create or log into your IVY account through these services (including when you share IVY captures or content via your social media account); Information we obtain from third-party business partners if you choose to use our IVY Cloud Service, such as your account ID, account name and email address; Other personal information contained in content you submit to us, such as through our “Contact Us” feature or customer support tools on our websites or mobile apps. Information We Obtain by Automated Means When you interact with our products and services, we obtain in our role as a data controller certain information by automated means, such as cookies, web server logs, web beacons, and other technologies. A “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other Internet-connected device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser. A “web beacon,” also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, links web pages to web servers and their cookies and may be used to transmit information collected through cookies back to a web server. We may use these automated technologies to collect information about your equipment, browsing actions, and usage patterns. The information we obtain in this manner may include your device IP address, identifiers associated with your devices, types of devices connected to our services, web browser characteristics, device characteristics, language preferences, referring/exit pages, clickstream data, and dates and times of website or app visits. These technologies help us (1) remember your information so you will not have to re-enter it; (2) track and understand how you use and interact with our products and services; (3) tailor the services around your preferences; (4) measure the usability of our products and services and the effectiveness of our communications; and (5) otherwise manage and enhance our products and services, and help ensure they are working properly. Your browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies or how to restrict or disable certain types of cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to use all of the features of our online services.Information We Process on Behalf of Others Our products and services are designed to allow you to see, hear and speak to anyone at your products from your computer or mobile device. To provide you with these services, we process and store content (and related information) that is captured and recorded when using our products and services, such as video or audio recordings, live video or audio streams, images, comments, and data our products collect from their surrounding environment to perform their functions (such as motion, human, events, temperature and humidity). Privacy, data protection and video surveillance laws in your jurisdiction may apply to your use of our products and services. You are the data controller with respect to personal information you obtain when using our products and services (such as video or audio recordings, live video or audio streams, images, comments, and data our products collect from their surrounding environment to perform their functions) and you are solely responsible for ensuring that you comply with applicable law when you use our products or services. For example, you may need to display a notice that alerts visitors to your home that you are using our products or services. Capturing, recording or sharing video or audio content that involves other people, may affect their privacy and data protection rights. How We Use The Information We Collect Your personal data may be used for one or more of the following purposes ("Purposes"): Provide our products and services to you; Establish and manage your IVY account and profile; Process and fulfill claims and orders in connection with our products and services and keep you informed about the status of your order; Personalize your experience with our products and services; Allow you to stream, save and share content through our services; Identify and authenticate you so you may access certain content or use certain of our services; Increase and maintain the safety and security of our products and services and prevent misuse; Communicate with you and provide customer support; Allow you to interact with certain third-party products or services (for example, to enable you to link to, or view content from, third-party sites within our services, or connect to third-party products and services through IVY service, or with vendors who help us send emails and operate our websites); Marketing purposes (including operating, administering, analyzing and improving our products and services; developing new products and services; managing and evaluating the effectiveness of our communications; performing accounting, auditing, billing reconciliation and collection activities and other internal functions); Protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, claims and other liabilities; Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and policies, including this Privacy Notice and our Terms of Service. We also may use the information we collect about you in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection and obtain your prior express consent if required by applicable law. Information Security We strive to secure users' information to prevent information leakage, improper use, unauthorized access or disclosure. We will use a variety of security measures to ensure the security of information within reasonable security standards. For example, we will use encryption technology and other means to protect your personal information. We have set up specialized management systems, processes and organizations to ensure the security of information. For example, we strictly limit the range of people who may access such information and require them to comply with the confidentiality obligations. In the case of information leakage or other incidents involving information security, we will initiate contingency plans to prevent the wide spread of security incidents and inform you in the form of notifications and announcements. External Parties At present, we will not actively share or transfer your personal information to a third party. If there are other circumstances in which your personal information is to be shared or transferred, we will obtain your prior express consent. We will not publicly disclose personal information collected by us.If we have to disclose such information publicly, we will inform you of the purpose of such disclosure, type of information disclosed and the sensitive information that may be involved, and obtain your prior express consent. As our business continues to develop, we may engage in mergers, acquisitions, transfers of assets, etc. We will inform you of such circumstances and continue to protect your personal information and require new controllers to continue to protect your personal information in accordance with the laws and regulations and the standards as strict as required by this Guideline. Retention of Personal Data We will retain your personal data for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the Purposes for which the personal data is to be used and delete any of your personal data that we have stored as soon as reasonably practicable, subject to, or where otherwise required by law or permitted by law. Protection of minors We place great importance in the protection of personal information of minors. If you are a minor under the age of 18, according to the relevant laws and regulations, your parents’ or legal guardian's written consent should be obtained prior to you use of IVY product and service. Changes to Privacy Policy We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting the updated version of the Privacy Policy on our website (www. ivyiot io ) and other mobile platforms. We encourage you to visit frequently to stay informed of our most updated version. Rights of Access and Correction You have the right to request access to, and the correction of, your personal data held by us about you. If you wish to access or correct your personal data, please contact us : by e-mail: support @ivyiot.io We will verify your identity before handling your request for complying with such request. Information Sharing and Disclosing We do not sell or otherwise share personal information about you except as described in this Privacy Notice. We may share your personal information with (1) our affiliates and subsidiaries and (2) our service providers who perform services on our behalf, such as order fulfillment and data analytics and storage or vendors who help us send emails and operate our websites. We do not authorize our service providers to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements. We also may share personal information with our business partners with whom we jointly offer products or services; or (3) for payment transaction and fraud prevention purposes; or (4) We also may disclose information about you (1) if we are required to do so by law or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena); (2) in response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities; (3) to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights; (4) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical or other harm or financial loss; (5) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity; or (6) otherwise with your consent. We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a merger, acquisition, joint venture, reorganization, divestiture, dissolution or liquidation). IVY Service Through our service, you may choose to connect to certain third-party services offered by our business partners. To activate a connection and allow the IVY products and services to interface with an available third-party service, each IVY connection requires the exchange of certain information between IVY and our business partner that is providing the third-party service. For example, to enable you to integrate IVY ’s products and services with those of our business partners, we may share certain account information with those business partners, such as your DDNS address and UID. The privacy statements of our business partners apply to any information practices of those partners and to the information shared with them. Where we store the infomation We may transfer the personal information we obtain about you to the United States, which has different data protection laws than the country in which you initially provided the information.To the extent required by applicable law, when we transfer your personal information to recipients in the U.S., we will take measures to protect that information. If you are located outside the U.S., by submitting personal information to us, you understand that this information will be transferred to IVY in the U.S. If you do not want your personal information transferred to the U.S., please do not submit any information to us or otherwise use our products or services. Your Choices We offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information we obtain about you. To update your preferences, limit the communications you receive from us, or submit a request, please contact us as specified in the How to Contact Us [#contactus] section of this Privacy Notice. As required by law, you may (1) have the right to access certain personal information we maintain about you; (2) request that we update or correct your personal information; (3) object to the processing of your personal information or withdraw your prior consent, if applicable; (4) opt out of receiving our marketing and promotional emails; and (5) ask us to block or delete your personal information from our database. To exercise these rights, please contact us as indicated in the How To Contact Us [#contactus] section of this Privacy Notice. To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we may take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to the information. Minors: Our website and mobile application are meant for adults. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable from children under 13 without permission from a parent or guardian. If you are a parent or guardian and you think your child under 13 has given us information, please contact us [#contactus] section of this Privacy Notice. Other Online Services and Third-Party Features Our mobile apps may provide links to other online services for your convenience and information, and may include third-party features such as apps, tools, payment services, widgets and plug-ins (e.g., Facebook, WorldPay or PayPal buttons). These online services and third-party features may operate independently from us. The privacy practices of the relevant third parties, including details on the information they may collect about you, is subject to the privacy statements of these parties, which we strongly suggest you review. To the extent any linked online services or third-party features are not owned or controlled by us, IVY is not responsible for these third parties’ information practices. How We Protect Personal Information We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect personal information against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. And also, all of the account and contact information are systematic desensitization. The Internet is not 100% secure. We cannot promise that your use of our websites will be completely safe. We encourage you to use caution when using the Internet. This includes not sharing your passwords. Retention of Personal Information To the extent permitted by applicable law, we retain personal information we obtain about you as long as (1) it is needed for the purposes for which we obtained it, in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Notice or (2) we have another lawful basis for retaining that data beyond the period for which it is necessary to serve the original purpose for collecting the data. When you purchase our products, you may choose to use our Cloud Video Recording Service (“Cloud Service”) on a trial or subscription plans. If you have enabled the recording features of the Cloud Service, we retain the recordings (and any related information) from your product during your recording subscription period so you can access your content during that time period. You may watch or download your recordings from the Cloud Service at any time by accessing your account. You may cancel your Cloud Service if you thought that is not necessary for you, we will stop retain the recordings from your product immediately, and also those recordings in the cloud will keep storing in your account until time period of your trial or subscription plans.You may want your recordings be removed in the cloud immediately, please contact us by E-mail support @ivyiot.io , it may take us up to 72 hours to remove those recordings. European Union authorized representative According to the European General Data Protection Regulation, IVY appoint the Company as a representative in the European Union. The representative will act as a point of contact for requests by the supervisory authorities or data subjects, and represents IVY regarding their obligations under the GDPR. The Company: LM2 Group Address: 9 rue André Darbon – 33300 Bordeaux France Contacts: Marc Loustau Email: gdpr @ivyiot.io Updates To Our Privacy Notice This Privacy Notice may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices. We will post a notice on our websites and mobile apps to notify you of significant changes to our Privacy Notice and indicate at the top of the notice when it was most recently updated. How To Contact Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, or if you would like us to update information we have about you, change your preferences or exercise other applicable data protection rights, please contact us by e-mail at support @ivyiot.io IVYIOT H.K.LIMITEDTerms of Service Last modified on 31 July 2015 Recent updates to this Agreement may be found here. PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE ("AGREEMENT") CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SERVICES OFFERED BY FOSCAM, INC. ("FOSCAM," "WE," "US," "OUR"). BY VISITING FOSCAM'S WEBSITE OR USING THE SERVICES IN ANY MANNER, YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY AND ARE A PARTY TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS (INCLUDING FOSCAM'S PRIVACY POLICY, WHICH IS HEREBY INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE) OF THIS AGREEMENT TO THE EXCLUSION OF ALL OTHER TERMS. IF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT ARE CONSIDERED AN OFFER, ACCEPTANCE IS EXPRESSLY LIMITED TO SUCH TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT UNCONDITIONALLY AGREE TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO USE THE WEBSITE OR SERVICES. USE OF FOSCAM'S SERVICES IS EXPRESSLY CONDITIONED UPON YOUR ASSENT TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, TO THE EXCLUSION OF ALL OTHER TERMS.TO REJECT THESE TERMS, YOU MUST DELETE THE APPLICATION FROM YOUR MOBILE DEVICE IMMEDIATELY, AND RETURN ANY CAMERAS OR OTHER PRODUCTS THAT YOU HAVE PURCHASED (THE "PRODUCT") WITHIN FOURTEEN (14) DAYS OF THE DATE YOU PURCHASED THE PRODUCT. IF YOU PURCHASED THE PRODUCT FROM THE WWW.FOSCAM.COM WEBSITE, PLEASE CONTACT SUPPORT FOR FURTHER INSTRUCTIONS ON RETURNING A PRODUCT DUE TO YOUR REJECTION OF THESE TERMS. ACCESS TO THE SERVICES The www.myfoscam.com website, mobile application, and any other linked pages, features, content, or application services offered from time to time by FOSCAM in connection therewith (collectively, the "Website") are owned and operated by FOSCAM. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, we may offer to provide certain services, as described more fully on the Website, and that have been selected by you (together with the Website, the "Services"), solely for your own use, and not for the use or benefit of any third party. The term "Services" includes, without limitation, use of the Website (including in connection with FOSCAM's hardware products), any service we perform for you, and the Content (as defined below) offered by us on the Website. We may change, suspend or discontinue the Services at any time, including the availability of any feature, database, or Content. We may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Services without notice or liability. You may only use the Services and the Product for your own personal, non-commercial use, and not for the use or benefit of any third party, and only in a manner that complies with all laws that apply to you. If your use of the Services is prohibited by applicable laws, then you aren't authorized to use the Services. We can't and won't be responsible for your using the Services in a way that breaks the law. You may only use the Product in connection with the Services, and for no other use. Any software component embodied in the Product is licensed to you, and not sold. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify this Agreement at any time by posting a notice on the Website, by sending you a notice via email or postal mail, or by some other appropriate means. You shall be responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such modifications. If you don't agree with the new Agreement, you are free to reject them; however, if you do reject the new Agreement, you will no longer be able to use the Services. Your use of the Services following such notification constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement as modified. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 18 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Services. If you are under 18, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 18 may provide any personal information to FOSCAM or on the Services. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us at support@foscam.com. You represent and warrant to us that: (i) you are of legal age to form a binding contract; (ii) all registration information you submit is accurate and truthful; and (iii) you will maintain the accuracy of such information. You also certify that you are legally permitted to use and access the Services and take full responsibility for the selection and use of and access to the Services.This Agreement is void where prohibited by law, and the right to access the Services is revoked in such jurisdictions. WEBSITE AND SERVICES CONTENT The Website, the Services, and their contents are intended solely for the personal use of Services users and may only be used in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. All materials displayed or performed on the Services (including, but not limited to text, graphics, articles, photographs, images, illustrations (also known as the "Content," and which includes User Submissions (as defined below))) are protected by copyright. You are responsible for all Content you contribute, in any manner, to the Services, and you represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to do so, in the manner in which you contribute it. In addition, you shall abide by all copyright notices, trademark rules, information, and restrictions contained in any Content accessed through the Services, and shall not use, copy, reproduce, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, upload, display, license, sell or otherwise exploit for any purposes whatsoever any Content or third party submissions or other proprietary rights not owned by you: (i) without the express prior written consent of the respective owners, and (ii) in any way that violates any third party right. You will keep all your registration information accurate and current. You are responsible for all your activity in connection with the Services. The Website and the Services are protected by copyright as a collective works and/or compilations, pursuant to U.S. copyright laws, international conventions, and other copyright laws. You may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce (except as expressly provided in this Section 2), create derivative works based on, distribute, perform, display, or in any way exploit, any of the Content, software, materials, or Services in whole or in part. The Services may allow you to copy or download certain Content; please remember that just because this functionality exists, doesn't mean that all of these restrictions don't apply – they do! Other than your User Submissions (as defined below), you may download or copy the Content (and other items displayed on the Website or Services for download) for personal use only, provided that you maintain all copyright and other notices contained in such Content. You shall not store any significant portion of any Content (other than your User Submissions) in any form. Copying or storing of any Content (other than your User Submissions) other than for personal use is expressly prohibited without prior written permission from FOSCAM or from the copyright holder identified in such Content's copyright notice. If you link to the Website, we may revoke your right to so link at any time, at our sole discretion. We reserve the right to require prior written consent before linking to the Website. In the course of using the Services, you and other users may provide us with information, which we may use in connection with the Services and which may be visible to certain other users. For example, the Service allows you to upload or post video content, and may permit you to post feedback, comments, questions, or other information on the Website or otherwise providing content, materials or information to FOSCAM or in connection with the Services (collectively, "User Submissions"). You hereby grant us with a nonexclusive, worldwide, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicenseable and transferable right to exploit such User Submissions (including all related intellectual property rights) solely in connection with providing you the Services and as directed by you. You also hereby do and shall grant each user of the Services a non-exclusive license to access and use your User Submissions through the Services and as permitted through the functionality of the Services and under this Agreement. Furthermore, you understand that we retain the right to reformat, modify, create derivative works of, excerpt, and translate any User Submissions submitted by you. For clarity, the foregoing license grant to FOSCAM does not affect your ownership of or right to grant additional licenses to the material in your User Submissions, unless otherwise agreed in writing. You understand that all information publicly posted or privately transmitted through the Services is the sole responsibility of the person from which such content originated and that FOSCAM will not be liable for any errors or omissions in any content. You understand that FOSCAM cannot guarantee the identity of any other users with whom you may interact in the course of using the Services.Additionally, we cannot guarantee the authenticity of any data that users or merchants may provide about themselves. You acknowledge that all Content accessed by you using the Services is at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage or loss to any party resulting therefrom. We cannot control and have no duty to take any action regarding how you may interpret and use the Content or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content, and you hereby release us from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Services. Under no circumstances will FOSCAM be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred in connection with use of or exposure to any Content posted, emailed, accessed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the Services. RESTRICTIONS You warrant, represent and agree that you will not contribute any Content or User Submissions or otherwise use the Services in a manner that (i) infringes or violates the intellectual property rights or proprietary rights, rights of publicity or privacy, or other rights of any third party; (ii) violates any law, statute, ordinance or regulation; (iii) is harmful, fraudulent, deceptive, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, or otherwise objectionable; (iv) impersonates any person or entity, including without limitation any employee or representative of FOSCAM; (v) contains a virus, trojan horse, worm, time bomb, or other harmful computer code, file, or program; (vi) jeopardizes the security of your FOSCAM account or anyone else's (such as allowing someone else to log in to the Services as you; (vii) attempts, in any manner, to obtain the password, account, or other security information from any other user; (viii) violates the security of any computer network, or cracks any passwords or security encryption codes; (ix) runs Maillist, Listserv, or any form of auto-responder or "spam" on the Services, or any processes that otherwise interfere with the proper working of the Services (including by placing an unreasonable load on the Services' infrastructure); (x) copies or stores any significant portion of the Content; or (xi) decompiles, reverse engineers, or otherwise attempts to obtain the source code or underlying ideas or information of or relating to the Services. A violation of any of the foregoing is grounds for termination of your right to use or access the Services. FOSCAM reserves the right to remove any Content from the Services at any time, for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such Content or if we are concerned that you may have breached the immediately preceding sentence), or for no reason at all. You, not FOSCAM, remain solely responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email, transmit, or otherwise disseminate using, or in connection with, the Services. You will be responsible for withholding, filing, and reporting all taxes, duties and other governmental assessments associated with your activity in connection with the Services. LIMITED WARRANTY FOSCAM has no special relationship with or fiduciary duty to you. You acknowledge that FOSCAM has no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: which users gain access to the Services; what Content you access via the Services; what effects the Content may have on you; how you may interpret or use the Content; or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Content. You release FOSCAM from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired Content through the Services. The Services may contain, or direct you to websites containing, information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate. FOSCAM makes no representations concerning any content contained in or accessed through the Services, and FOSCAM will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Services. FOSCAM makes no representations or warranties regarding suggestions or recommendations of services or products offered or purchased through the Services.EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH , THE SERVICES, CONTENT, WEBSITE, PRODUCTS AND SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE, AND ANY SOFTWARE ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THAT USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. This Limited Warranty Statement gives you specific legal rights. You may also have other rights which vary from state to state in the United States and from province to province in other areas. To the extent that this Limited Warranty Statement is inconsistent with local law, this Statement shall be deemed modified to be consistent with such local law. Under such local law, certain disclaimers and limitations of this Warranty Statement may not apply to you. For example, some states in the United States, as well as some governments outside the united States (including provinces in Canada), may: (i) preclude the disclaimers and limitations in this Warranty Statement from limiting the statutory rights of a consumer; (ii) otherwise restrict the ability of a manufacturer to enforce such disclaimers or limitations; or (iii) grant the customer additional warranty rights, specify the duration of implied warranties which the manufacturer cannot disclaim, or allow limitations on the duration of implied warranties. THE TERMS IN THIS WARRANTY STATEMENT, EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT LAWFULLY PERMITTED, DO NOT EXCLUDE, RESTRICT, OR MODIFY, AND ARE IN ADDITION TO, THE MANDATORY STATUTORY RIGHTS APPLICABLE TO THE SALE OF THE PRODUCTS TO SUCH CUSTOMERS. REGISTRATION AND SECURITY As a condition to using the Product or some aspects of the Services, you may be required to register with FOSCAM and select a password and user name ("FOSCAM User ID"). You shall provide us with accurate, complete, and updated registration information. Failure to do so shall constitute a breach of this Agreement, which may result in immediate termination of your account. You may not (i) select or use as a FOSCAM User ID a name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; or (ii) use as a FOSCAM User ID a name subject to any rights of a person other than you without appropriate authorization. We reserve the right to refuse registration of or cancel a FOSCAM User ID in its discretion. You shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. INDEMNITY You will indemnify and hold FOSCAM, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, and employees harmless (including, without limitation, from all damages, liabilities, settlements, costs and attorneys' fees) from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of your access to the Services, use of the Services, your violation of this Agreement, or the infringement by you or any third party using your account of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND EXCEPT FOR THE OBLIGATIONS SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH IN THE LIMITED WARRANTY STATEMENT, IN NO EVENT SHALL FOSCAM OR ITS SUPPLIERS, OR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS BE LIABLE WITH RESPECT TO THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVICES OR THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (I) FOR ANY AMOUNT IN THE AGGREGATE IN EXCESS OF THE GREATER OF $100 OR THE FEES PAID BY YOU FOR THE SERVICES AND ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES PURCHASED THROUGH THE SERVICES DURING THE 12-MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE APPLICABLE CLAIM; (II) FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER; (III) FOR DATA LOSS OR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; OR (IV) FOR ANY MATTER BEYOND FOSCAM'S REASONABLE CONTROL. SOME STATES AND PROVINCES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. FEES AND PAYMENT Certain aspects of the Services may be provided for a fee. You shall pay all applicable fees, as described on the Website in connection with such Services selected by you. FOSCAM reserves the right to change its price list and to institute new charges at any time, upon notice to you, which may be sent by email or posted on the Website. Your use of the Services following such notification constitutes your acceptance of any new or increased charges. Any fees paid hereunder for Services are non-refundable.If you have purchased your Product from us, please refer to your Product documentation for returns and warranty information, or contact support. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES The Services may contain links to third party websites or services ("Third Party Websites") that are not owned or controlled by FOSCAM. When you access Third Party Websites, you do so at your own risk. You hereby represent and warrant that you have read and agree to be bound by all applicable policies of any Third Party Websites relating to your use of the Services and that you will act in accordance with those policies, in addition to your obligations under this Agreement. We have no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, accuracy, privacy policies, or practices of or opinions expressed in any Third Party Websites. In addition, we will not and cannot monitor, verify, censor or edit the content of any Third Party Website. By using the Services, you expressly relieve and hold harmless FOSCAM from any and all liability arising from your use of any Third Party Website. Your interactions with organizations and/or individuals found on or through the Services, including payment and delivery of goods or services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any of these third parties. You agree that FOSCAM shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings. If there is a dispute between participants on this site, or between users and any third party, you understand and agree that FOSCAM is under no obligation to become involved. In the event that you have a dispute with one or more other users, you hereby release FOSCAM, its officers, employees, agents, and successors in rights from claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes. TERMINATION This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect while you use the Services. You may terminate your use of the Services at any time. We may terminate or suspend your access to the Services or your membership at any time, for any reason, and without warning, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with your membership. We may also terminate or suspend any and all Services and access to the Website immediately, without prior notice or liability, if you breach any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement. Upon termination of your account, your right to use the Services, access the Website, and any Content will immediately cease. All provisions of this Agreement which, by their nature, should survive termination, shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, and limitations of liability. MISCELLANEOUS The failure of either party to exercise, in any respect, any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. FOSCAM shall not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond FOSCAM's reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation (including "line-noise" interference). If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. This Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with our prior written consent. FOSCAM may transfer, assign or delegate this Agreement and its rights and obligations without consent. Both parties agree that this Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, and that all modifications must be in a writing signed by both parties, except as otherwise provided herein.No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of this Agreement and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind FOSCAM in any respect whatsoever. Headings for each section have been included above for your convenience, but such headings do not have any legal meaning, and may not accurately reflect the content of the provisions they precede. COPYRIGHT DISPUTE POLICY FOSCAM has adopted the following general policy toward copyright infringement in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act or DMCA (posted at www.lcweb.loc.gov/copyright/legislation/dmca.pdf). The address of FOSCAM's Designated Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement ("Designated Agent") is listed at the end of this Section. It is FOSCAM's policy to (1) block access to or remove material that it believes in good faith to be copyrighted material that has been illegally copied and distributed by any of our advertisers, affiliates, content providers, members or users; and (2) remove and discontinue service to repeat offenders. Procedure for Reporting Copyright Infringements: If you believe that material or content residing on or accessible through the Services infringes a copyright, please send a notice of copyright infringement containing all of the following information to the Designated Agent listed below: A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that has been allegedly infringed; Identification of works or materials being infringed; Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing including information regarding the location of the infringing materials that the copyright owner seeks to have removed, with sufficient detail so that FOSCAM is capable of finding and verifying its existence; Contact information about the notifier, including address, telephone number and, if available, email address; A statement that the notifier has a good faith belief that the material identified in (3) is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and A statement made under penalty of perjury that the information provided is accurate and the notifying party is authorized to make the complaint on behalf of the copyright owner. Once proper bona fide infringement notification is received by the Designated Agent, it is FOSCAM's policy: to remove or disable access to the infringing material; to notify the content provider, member or user that it has removed or disabled access to the material; and that repeat offenders will have the infringing material removed from the system and that FOSCAM will terminate such content provider's, member's or user's access to the Services. Procedure to Supply a Counter-Notice to the Designated Agent: If the content provider, member or user believes that the material that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or the content provider, member or user believes that it has the right to post and use such material from the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent, or, pursuant to the law, the content provider, member, or user, may send a counter-notice containing the following information to the Designated Agent listed below: A physical or electronic signature of the content provider, member or user; Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or disabled; A statement that the content provider, member or user has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material; and Content provider's, member's or user's name, address, telephone number, and, if available, email address, and a statement that such person or entity consents to the jurisdiction of the Federal Court for the judicial district in which the content provider's, member's or user's address is located, or, if the content provider's, member's or user's address is located outside the United States, for any judicial district in which FOSCAM is located, and that such person or entity will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement. If a counter-notice is received by the Designated Agent, FOSCAM may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that FOSCAM may replace the removed material or cease disabling it in 10 to 14 business days.Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider, member or user, the removed material may be replaced or access to it restored in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at FOSCAM's discretion. CONTACT If you have any questions, complaints, or claims with respect to the Services, you may contact us at: FOSCAM, INC. Address: 1880 S Dairy Ashford Rd,Houston. TX 77077, ChinaTel: +1 936 900 1623 Email: support@foscam.com Updates 30 July 2015 -updated for use in America. FOSCAM, INC.