Logitech Website Privacy Statement LOGITECH WEBSITE PRIVACY STATEMENT Last updated: July 2023 This privacy notice explains how Logitech collects and uses personal data from visitors to its web and mobile sites that link directly to this notice (collectively “Sites”). Your personal data is controlled by Logitech Europe S.A. (collectively “Logitech”, ''We” and “Us”). Actively Submitted Data If you call us, send us an email, or fill out a form on one of our Sites, we use the information you provide to respond to your request or to otherwise communicate with you or assist you. If you make purchases through our Sites, we may collect data necessary to process your order, such as your shipping address, products ordered, and your contact information. Passively Provided Data When you access our Sites, depending on your opt-in choices, certain information about your computer or mobile device is shared with us, which may include the activities you perform on our Sites, the type of hardware and software you are using, (such as your operating system or browser), information stored in cookies, IP address, access times, the web pages from which you came, the regions from which you navigate the web page, and the web pages you access. We use this information to better understand the interests of the users of our Sites, to improve our Sites, services, and products. We do not currently respond to “Do Not Track” signals in browsers as we are trying to provide a customized website experience. Cookies Logitech uses cookies that are essentially small data files placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone, or other devices. Click here to learn more about cookies. Data use and sharing We use the data we collect to provide you with rich, interactive experiences. In particular, we may use data to: provide the service or carry out the transactions at your request;improve and develop our products;personalize your experience;process job applications you submit through our Sites;advertise and market to you subject to applicable legal requirements, which may include sending promotional communications, targeting advertising, and presenting you with relevant offers. We do not sell your personal data. We may share your personal data with third parties under certain circumstances. We use affiliated and unaffiliated service providers that help us process personal data to deliver services and run our business subject to strict confidentiality agreements. For example, service providers help deliver the following functions: Customer Support Contact data, Inquiry data To help troubleshoot and support products and services E-Commerce Functionality Contact data, Interactions with website To facilitate sales of our products online Promotions and Relevant News Contact data, Cookie data To provide information and incentives for our products and services Website performance Cookie data, Interactions with website To enable functionality and features while on our websites Cookie Opt-In Manager Cookie data To provide the ability to choose cookies to be allowed on our websites These companies are required to abide by our data protection and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose. We may disclose your personal information to comply with relevant laws, regulatory requirements, and to respond to lawful requests, court orders, and legal process; to protect and defend the rights or property of us or third parties, including enforcing agreements, policies, and terms of use; in an emergency, including to protect the safety of our employees or any person; or in connection with investigating or preventing fraud. We may share your personal data for purposes of a business deal, or negotiation of a business deal, involving sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets. These deals can include any merger, financing, acquisition, divestiture, joint venture or partnership, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding. We also freely use and share aggregated and pseudonymous information for performance and analytics purposes that cannot be used to identify you individually. Children We do not knowingly collect or maintain information about persons under 13 years of age. If we learn that information about persons under 13 years of age has been collected on or through the Sites, we will take appropriate steps to delete this information. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under 13 years of age who has registered for an account or service on our Sites, please contact us using the contact information below to have that child’s account or service terminated and personal information deleted.Data Retention We retain personal data for as long as necessary to provide functionality and fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other legitimate purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. Because these needs can vary for different data types, the context of our interactions with you or your use of our Sites, actual retention periods can vary significantly. Data Security We use TLS certificates, encryption, data access limitations, anti-virus software, and firewalls to reduce the risk of unauthorized access to personal data. No data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network is entirely secure. Be mindful of security risks when you transmit personal data to us and when you post information in our public forums. If you would like to report any security issues in any of our products, please fill out the form and required attachments and send it to Logitech Security . Controlling and accessing your information You may request that we update or delete/deactivate certain information pertaining to you. If we cannot remove some personal information, we will let you know why. If you have subscribed to marketing emails, you may stop the delivery by following the unsubscribe instructions contained in the email received or at the subscription management page on our Site: https://www.logitech.com/subscribe . You also have the right to request how your data is processed and with whom we share it. Additionally, if you believe certain information Logitech processes about you is inaccurate, you have the right to have this information corrected. We will endeavor to respond to your request to review the information we have on file for you within 30 days from receiving such request. If you have questions, comments, or would like to make a request regarding your data or our Statement, past Statements, and data practices, please contact us at support.logitech.com/response-center or through the following methods: Phone: +1 646-454-3200 Email: support.logitech.com/response-center Postal Mail: Logitech Privacy Officer, 3930 North First Street, San Jose, CA 95134 USA If you are not satisfied with our response, you can refer your privacy complaint or dispute to the relevant state or national data protection authority in your jurisdiction. Privacy Rights for California Residents Under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended, including by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (together, CCPA), California residents have certain rights around Logitech's collection, use, and sharing of their personal information. Logitech does not sell your personal information and will not do so in the future without providing you with notice and an opportunity to opt-out. Similarly, we do not offer financial incentives associated with our collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information. If you require this notice in an alternative format, please email privacy@logitech.com or call our toll-free number +1 800 711 8156. Logitech collects various categories of personal information when you use the Service, including identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network or device activity information, geolocation data, and professional information. A more detailed description of the information We collect and how we use it, the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information, and what information may be shared under different circumstances, can be found in this policy above. If you are a resident of California, you have the right to request to know what personal information has been collected about you, how we use, share and disclose it, and to access that information. You also have the right to request that we delete your personal information, though exceptions under the CCPA may allow Logitech to retain and use certain personal information. We do not sell your personal information. In limited circumstances we share your personal information for advertising. You can “opt-out” of having your personal information used for this purpose by contacting us at support.logitech.com/response-center . You can learn more about how to submit a data rights request through contact details located within this policy. You may also send your request by email to privacy@logitech.com or call our toll-free number +1 800 711 8156. An agent may submit a request on your behalf, but you must provide proof that the agent is authorized to do so by providing the agent with a signed letter giving permission to submit a request on your behalf and you must confirm that authorization directly with us by sending an email to privacy@logitech.com . We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not deny you goods or services, charge different prices or rates, or provide a different service level for exercising your privacy rights.California’s Shine the Light Law Separate from the CCPA, California’s Shine the Light law gives California residents the right to ask companies what personal information they share with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose your personal information to third parties for the purpose of directly marketing their goods or services to you unless you request it. If you have any questions regarding this policy, or would like to change your preferences, you may contact us at the address listed in this policy. Change to this Statement We will occasionally update this Statement. If there are material changes to this Statement or in how we will use your personal information, we will prominently post the changes before making them. We will not make any changes that are less protective of your personal information collected in the past without your consent. We encourage you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how we are protecting your information. Thank you for your interest in Logitech and our products and services. About Logitech Story Careers Investors Blog Press Contact Us Values Social Impact Sustainability Recycling Accessibility Partners Affiliate Program Influencer CUSTOMERS Return Policy Email Preferences Student Discount Yes, I want to receive news and product emails. Read our privacy policy . United States Cart Free shipping on orders over $29 & free returns Item Subtotal: (Not Including Tax or Shipping) Promo Code msg flash Or Privacy Preference Center Your PrivacyStrictly Necessary CookiesAnalytics CookiesFunctional CookiesMarketing Cookies Your Privacy When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Analytics Cookies Analytics Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Marketing Cookies Marketing Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Back Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label