Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Performance Cookies Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Performance Cookies Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.The iComfort S30, iComfort E30 and iComfort M30 thermostats are now compatible with Google Assistant and IFTTT . iComfort Support S30 Installation Guide S30 User Guide Select your iComfort Smart Thermostat iComfort S30 Ultra Smart Thermostat The ultimate controller for precise comfort iComfort E30 Smart Thermostat The most versatile thermostat for your comfort needs iComfort M30 Smart Thermostat The simple, stylish and smart thermostat that you can trust Access your iComfort thermostat from your choice of smart home systems. Our smart thermostats effortlessly integrate with a range of smart home devices — from premium smart home systems like Control4 to popular voice-activated devices like Amazon Alexa, Apple HomeKit*, Google Assistant, and IFTTT. *Apple HomeKit not supported by iComfort M30 Partnered for your convenience Control4 is a leading control and automation platform which works with thousands of smart devices integrating audio, video, lighting, security, intercom, and of course climate control into a seamless customer experience. Control4 gives you an easy-to-use interface to control your iComfort thermostat. Partnered for your convenience The Google Assistant makes it easy for you to control your Lennox iComfort S30, iComfort E30 and iComfort M30 with your voice. Partnered for your convenience IFTTT, an acronym for If This Then That, is a free service that automates connectivity between apps and services, enabling users to utilize "recipes" that will coordinate small tasks between Internet and web services. The iComfort S30, E30 and M30 are IFTTT compatible. Partnered for your convenience Apple HomeKit TM technology provides an easy, secure way to control your home's lights, doors, thermostats, and more from your iPhone, iPad, or Apple Watch. The iComfort S30 and iComfort E30 thermostats are now compatible with Apple HomeKit, allowing you to control your thermostat using the Apple Home App or the Lennox iComfort Home Companion App. Partnered for your convenience Amazon Echo/Dot is hands free and voice controlled. The Alexa voice service running on the Echo/Dot puts you in command of your home though voice controls that can be used with individual thermostats or groups. It can be used with Alexa compliant smart home devices. Feels Like The temperature on the thermometer isn’t always the temperature you feel. For example, an outside temperature of 85 degrees, plus a humidity level of 75% means the temperature outside “feels like” 95 degrees.iComfort S30’s and iComfort E30’s Feels Like function works the same way. It can control temperature levels and humidity levels with extreme precision, simply set the Feels Like temperature you want, and it does the rest. Smart Away The iComfort S30’s and iComfort E30’s Smart Away mode works with an app on your family’s smart phones, to detect when the house is empty and automatically changes the temperature to a more energy-efficient setting.And it detects when a family member is on the way home to return the temperature to its regular setting. So even if your schedule isn’t consistent, your energy savings are. Because the iComfort S30 and iComfort E30 Smart Thermostats adapt to your life. Perfectly. iComfort Login Login to access your Lennox iComfort Consumer Portal. Locate a Dealer Find a Lennox Dealer in your area who can take care of your home comfort needs, or view a list of all Lennox Dealers. Download our Apps Adjust your home's temperature anytime,anywhere from your mobile device with the Lennox iComfort mobile app! Our Products Whats's New Connect with us