Privacy Policy Last updated: February 25, 2019 We value your privacy and are committed to protecting the personal information of our users. We have adopted this Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) to be clear about the data we collect, why we collect it, whom we share it with, how you can access it, and correct it when necessary. We have always safeguarded your Personal Information and recognize our duty to handle your data in a responsible manner. We do not and will not sell your data to third parties. This Policy applies to the use of the https://funnelytics.io website, which includes the Funnelytics web application (the “Service”). Please read it carefully in order to understand when you may provide Personal information to us and how Funnelytics uses the Personal Information provided. By using our Service, you agree to the use of your personal information as described in this Policy. The terms “we”, “us” or “Funnelytics” are each intended as a reference to Funnelytics inc. To make this Policy as clear as possible, we have determined the occasions when a customer would potentially share Personal Information with Funnelytics. The Policy is therefore divided as follows: Learning about FunnelyticsOpening a Funnelytics AccountUsing FunnelyticsGetting help from Funnelytics We have then added different sections explaining in more detail how your personal information is used, how and when it might be shared, how you can access it and control your personal information, the ways we make sure your information is safe, and how to contact us. Learning about Funnelytics As you look into your needs and gather information regarding what Funnelytics can do for your business, you may visit our website or contact one of our representatives via email or directly on our website through the available chat. As you learn about Funnelytics, you may voluntarily provide Personal Information, such as your name and your email address during these interactions. You may also provide information online via cookies or similar technologies when you visit our website. Cookies are files that hold a small amount of data about a certain user. That data may include an anonymous unique identifier. They are stored on the user’s computer or other devices’ hard drive. Cookies allow us to tailor your user experience whenever you visit our website. When visiting our Service, you will have the opportunity to accept or decline the use of cookies. You can also instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service. We also use cookies for behavioural re-marketing purposes. These cookies allow us and our third-party vendors to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service. The data collected may include the type of browser you are using to access our Service, the page you were on before heading to our Service, the amount of time you spend on our Service, the pages you decide to visit, as well as the date and time you are accessing our Service on. We collect: name, email address, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, and information provided by cookies or similar technology, such as the type and version of browser you are using to access our Service, the page you were on before heading to our website, the amount of time you spend on our Service, the pages you decide to visit, as well as the data and time you are accessing our Service on. Why: The data collected allows us to analyze how our website is used and accessed in order to increase our Service’s functionality and ultimately, optimize it to better meet our users’ needs. It also allows us to accompany you in the process of learning more about our Service and to ensure you receive a high standard of service when you first contact us. To learn more about the third-party services we use or opt-out of their services, you may consult our complete list of third-party services in the “Whom we may disclose your information to and why” section of this Policy. Opening a Funnelytics Account Once you have gathered enough information about Funnelytics, you may decide to open an account. When registering, you will be asked to provide Personal Information that may include elements such as your first and last name, and your email address. We collect: your first and last name, and your email address. Why: We use this information to complete your registration, to open and manage your account, to establish a relationship with you, to update you on changes and new features, to inform you of any promotional materials that might be of interest to you, and to send you our newsletter. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send. Using Funnelytics Once your account is set up, you will be able to use the web app part of our Service.As you use our Service, you may decide to make some purchases (in the Vault, for instance) or to upgrade your account to Funnelytics Pro. The Vault will require you to provide additional Personal Information such as payment and billing information. We collect: first name, last name, address, and payment information. Why: We use this information to complete your transaction and to process payments. We do not store any payment or credit card information. We only use payment information in connection with the purchase of an additional product or service from Funnelytics. Payment details you provide will be encrypted using secure sockets layer (SSL) technology before they are submitted. Payments are made through our payment gateway provider, Stripe. Getting Help from Funnelytics From time to time, you may decide to contact our Customer Support department for instance with our Service. To be able to offer you the best assistance possible, we may collect certain data from you. We collect: Contact information such as your name, email address, social media handles (if you contact us on our social media profiles), membership level, and the content of your communications with Funnelytics Customer Care. Why: We collect this data to identify your identity, give you the best customer support possible, and to improve our Service. How we use personal information We use the data we collect to provide you with the Service we offer, which includes using data to improve and personalize your experience. We also use the data we collect to communicate with you about your account, new features, and other types of updates. We use your data for the following purposes: To improve our Service by developing new features, doing research and maintaining the current performance of the Service;To offer you the best customer support there is;To guide our business decisions;To communicate with you, whether for marketing, advertising or account maintenance purposes. For instance, we may contact you by email to notify you of newly available features or updates. Whom we may disclose your information to and why We do not and will not sell personal information about our customers. We only disclose your data as authorized in this Policy. We may however share information with the following types of parties: Third-party vendors: we may disclose your personal information to third-party vendors who carry out services such as credit card processing, email communications or hosting. We only share your personal data as necessary. List of third-party vendors and their policies: To opt-out of AdRoll: http://info.evidon.com/pub_info/573?v=1&nt=1&nw=false Amazon Web Services (hosting): https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/?nc1=f_pr Beamer (content management system): https://www.getbeamer.com/privacy-policy/ Canny (customer feedback management tool): https://canny.io/ Convert.com (A/B testing tool): https://www.convert.com/privacy-notice/ To opt-out: https://www.convert.com/opt-out/ Drip Ecommerce CRM (customer relation management software): https://www.drip.com/privacy Facebook (marketing/targeting): https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation To learn more about Facebook’s cookie policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/cookies To learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950 To opt-out of Facebook’s interest-based ads: https://www.facebook.com/about/ads/#568137493302217 Google AdWords (marketing/targeting) & Google Analytics (analytics): http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ To learn more about Google Analytics: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245 To opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads: http://www.google.com/settings/ads To learn more about Google’s cookie policy: https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/cookies/ To install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout Intercom (chat services): https://www.intercom.com/terms-and-policies#privacy Stripe (credit card processor): https://stripe.com/ca/privacy TapFiliate (affiliate tracking software): https://tapfiliate.com/privacy/ Userpilot (product experience software): https://userpilot.com/policy/ Wicked Reports (marketing attribution software): https://www.wickedreports.com/privacy/ Don’t forget you can opt-out from participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ , the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada http://youradchoices.ca/ or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ , or opt-out using your mobile device settings.Parties with whom it might be legally necessary: we may disclose your information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: Conform with the law or with any legal proceedings;Protect the rights or property of Funnelytics;Protect the safety of our product, our users, and their data. Parties who might take part in a financial transaction with Funnelytics: we may transfer your data in the event of a change of ownership, sale, merger, liquidation, reorganization or acquisition of Funnelytics. We will only do so if the party acquiring your information agrees to comply to the terms of this Policy. Please note that our Service may link to products or applications of third parties whose privacy practices may differ from Funnelytics’. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of every site you visit. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services. How to access and control your data You can review, edit or delete your personal information. If you wish to do so, please contact us via the support chat or email us at privacy@funnelytics.io. We will respond to your request as soon as possible. We guarantee a reply within 24 hours of you sending in a request. You request must provide sufficient detail to identify your Personal Information and the modification or deletion being sought. You may also modify your name, email, and the password associated with your account by accessing the dashboard. You can always opt out of receiving promotional emails and other types of marketing communication from us via the “unsubscribe” tab at the bottom of every email we send out. Where your data is stored Your Personal Information is stored on our servers, maintained by Amazon Web Services (AWS). AWS is GDPR-compliant and EU-US Privacy Shield certified. Your information may also be stored in other countries, following a transfer to the third-parties we work with. How long will your data be kept for We will retain all collected information for as long as necessary to provide the Service, as requested, or for other essential purposes such as complying with any legal obligations. As long as your account is active, we will keep your Personal Information on our systems. We will also dispose of your data if you decide to withdraw your consent. Once your data is removed, you will receive confirmation that your request has been fulfilled. Security We use a variety of physical safeguards to make sure your data is adequately protected. For instance, when transferred to us and stored, your data is encrypted using 128-bit SSL. Access to our database can only be done through a secure VPN. This allows us to create a secure connection to a separate network at all times. We backup your data on a weekly basis on AWS S3. You may visit the AWS website to learn more about their security: https://aws.amazon.com/s3/faqs/ . These backups can only be accessed by our Product team. Every member of this team has a different level of access based on the type of data that is needed for them to properly accomplish their work. No team member can access more than what it necessary. As for your account information, you can only access your Funnelytics account through the use of an individual user login and password. If you have any questions regarding the security of your Personal Information, please contact us via the support chat or email us at privacy@funnelytics.io Our policy towards children Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“Minor”). We do not solicit or knowingly collect personally identifiable information from Minors. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Minor has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from Minors without verification of parental consent, we will delete any Personal Information we might have collected. Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada (OPC) If you are not satisfied by Funnelytics’ response following a request regarding the access of your personal information, you may contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada (OPC), the public authority in charge of overseeing personal information handling practices in Canada. Address:30, Victoria StreetGatineau, QuebecK1A 1H3 Website: https://www.priv.gc.ca/en Toll-free: 1-800-282-1376Phone: (819) 994-5444TTY: (819) 994-6591 Changes and updates to this Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect recent customer feedback or changes regarding the Service.You are therefore advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, by placing a prominent notice on our website, and by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. Whenever we update our Policy, we will change the date at the very top of this Privacy Policy. Contacting us If you have any questions or concerns regarding the use of your Personal Information, please contact us via the support chat or email us at: privacy@funnelytics.io Our address is: 144 Front St W, suite 640. Toronto, ON, M5J 2L7, Canada. Company Funnelytics Funnelytics Blog Careers Support Help Center Support System Status Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Service GDPR © Funnelytics. All Rights Reserved. NotificationsPrivacy Shopify believes strongly in protecting personal information, and understands that doing so is critical in helping you preserve the trust and confidence of your customers. Shopify has designed its platform to enable you to offer your customers transparency into and control over their personal information. Shopify believes in making it easy for you to use its platform in a manner that complies with privacy and data protection laws around the world. Shopify does what it can to set you up for success, but there's also steps that you'll need to take on your own. If you have specific legal questions about which laws apply to you, or questions specific to your business, then consult with a local lawyer who is familiar with data protection laws. In this section Was this page helpful? Ready to start selling with Shopify? More resources Online store Point of Sale Support ShopifyTwitter Privacy Policy Effective: May 18, 2023 Before you scroll, read this It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use Twitter want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a Tweet, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail. With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use Twitter by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared. So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this: Twitter is a public platform Learn what’s viewable & searchable We collect some data about you Affiliate services may have their own policies Learn about affiliates We use your data to make Twitter better Learn how we make your info work You can control your experience If you have questions about how we use data, just ask Learn how to contact us What data do you collect about me? You give some data, we get some data. In return we offer useful services. Not what you had in mind? Check your settings. 1. Information We Collect The information we collect when you use Twitter falls into three categories. Expand dropdowns for more information: 1.1 Information you provide us. To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services. Personal Accounts. If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Twitter Moments”); a username (for example, @TwitterMoments); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and Tweets, and to upload your address book to Twitter to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple Twitter accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise. Professional Accounts. If you create a professional account , you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public. Payment Information. In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address. Preferences. When you set your preferences using your settings , we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences. 1.2 Information we collect when you use Twitter. When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep Twitter more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you. Usage Information. We collect information about your activity on Twitter, including: Tweets and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of Twitter) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., TwitterLive or Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and communities you are a part of.Your interactions with other users’ content, such as retweets, likes, shares, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting). How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, and when you use Direct Messages , including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you). Purchase and payments.To allow you to make a payment or send money using Twitter features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received. Device Information. We collect information from and about the devices you use to access Twitter, including: Information about your connection, such as your IP address and browser type.Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us. Location Information. When you use Twitter, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used Twitter by enabling these settings in your account. Inferred Identity. We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below: When you sign into Twitter on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into Twitter (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or Twitter-generated identifiers).When you provide other information to Twitter, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your Twitter account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to Twitter. When you access Twitter and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect. Log Information. We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as: IP address; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on Twitter; Twitter-generated identifiers; and identifiers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through Twitter. Advertisements. When you view or interact with ads we serve on or off Twitter, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with retweets of or replies to an ad). Cookies and similar technologies. Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public profiles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies here . Interactions with our content on third-party sites. When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate Twitter content such as embedded timelines or Tweet buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited. 1.3 Information we receive from third parties. When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us. Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers. Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, Twitter-generated identifiers,mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by Twitter from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with Twitter and that Twitter receives,generates, or infersabout you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations. We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other Twitter users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our corporate affiliates , and other services you link to your Twitter account.You may choose to connect your Twitter account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service. How do you use my information? To make Twitter the service you know and love. 2. How We Use Information Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always contact us . Here we go: Expand dropdowns for more information: 2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services. We use the information we collect to provide and operate Twitter products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on Twitter, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover affiliates , third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect your Twitter account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services. We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications. We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your settings , which helps make ads on Twitter more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of Twitter. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by Twitter from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with Twitter and that Twitter receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy. 2.2 Foster safety and security. We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on Twitter - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law. 2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better. We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better. 2.4 Communicate with you about our services. We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time. 2.5 Research. We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services. How or when do you share my information? There’s no quick answer to this one, but heads up: Tweets can end up in the news or a search engine. 3. Sharing Information You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information. Expand dropdowns for more information: 3.1 When you Tweet, post, and share. With the general public . You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. Twitter content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view much of the content on Twitter. They may also find Twitter content off of Twitter, for example from search query results on Internet search engines. With other Twitter users. Depending on your settings , and based on the Twitter products and services you use, we share: Your interactions with Twitter content of other users, such as likes, and people you follow.Content you send to a specific Twitter user, such as through Direct Messages . Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected Tweets with someone else who accesses Twitter through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service. With partners.Depending on your settings , we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our Help Center . You can control whether Twitter shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your Privacy & Safety settings . (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this Help Center article.) 3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations. With service providers. We may share your information with our service providers that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; and those that provide fraud detection services. With advertisers. Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off Twitter. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from Twitter, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other Twitter-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address. Third-party content & integrations. We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you authorize a third-party web client or application to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on Twitter or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your autoplay settings if you prefer that content not to play automatically. Through our APIs. We use technology like APIs and embeds to make public Twitter information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying Tweets on a news website or analyzing what people say on Twitter. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have standard terms that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with Twitter, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on Twitter. For more information about how we make public data on Twitter available to the world, visit https://developer.twitter.com . 3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest. We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to: comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request ; protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services; explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of Twitter Rules ); address fraud, security, or technical issues; or protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services. 3.4 With our Affiliates. We may share information amongst our affiliates to provide our products and services. 3.5 As a result of a change in ownership. We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity. How long do you keep data? Generally, we keep your data as long as your account is up. 4. How Long We Keep Information We keep different types of information for different periods of time: We keep your profile information and content for the duration of your account. We generally keep other personally identifiable data we collect when you use our products and services for a maximum of 18 months. Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after you remove it from Twitter. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your Tweets longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on Twitter.You can read more about search visibility here . Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (i.e., email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts. We may keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. How can I control my data? You can access it, delete it, or change your settings. Basically, you’re the boss. 5. Take ControlExpand dropdowns for more information: 5.1 Access, Correction, Portability. You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account settings . You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in Your Twitter Data and request access to additional information here . You can download a copy of your information, such as your Tweets, by following the instructions here . On the Periscope website, you can request correction or modification of your information, and download your account information, by following the instructions here . To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity. 5.2 Deleting your Information. If you follow the instructions here (or for Periscope here ), your account will be deactivated. When deactivated, your Twitter account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on Twitter.com, Twitter for iOS, and Twitter for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your Twitter account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated. 5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent. You can manage your privacy settings and other account features here . If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your Twitter experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. Twitter adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (also referred to as “interest-based advertising”) and respects the DAA’s consumer choice tool for you to opt out of interest-based advertising at https://optout.aboutads.info/ . 5.4 Authorized Agent Requests. To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact Twitter section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification. How does Twitter handle my information wherever I am? We treat your information fairly, no matter where you live around the world. 6. Your Rights and Ours We provide Twitter to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure Twitter respects local requirements. Expand dropdowns for more information: 6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information. Twitter has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out this additional information about data processing . And no, we don’t sell your personal information. 6.2 We move your data to make Twitter work for you. Just as you use Twitter to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, Twitter must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us. We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage our affiliates and third-party partners and service providers located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on things like standard contractual clauses, where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected.If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly. Is Twitter for kids? Nope, Twitter is not intended for people under 13. 7. Twitter’s Audience Our services are not directed to children, and you may not use our services if you are under the age of 13. You must also be old enough to consent to the processing of your personal data in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf). Will this policy change? If it does, we’ll let you know. 8. Changes To This Privacy Policy The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed. If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use Twitter. How can I contact Twitter? Slide into our … very official inbox. 9. How To Contact Twitter We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our Privacy Policy Inquiries page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below. If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of: X Corp. Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry 1355 Market Street, Suite 900 San Francisco, CA 94103 If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of: Twitter International Unlimited Company Attn: Data Protection Officer One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND You can confidentially contact Twitter’s Data Protection Officer through our Data Protection Inquiry Form . If you wish to raise a concern about our data processing practices , you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the contact details listed on their website. Our new Privacy Policy’s got game Take control of your privacy © 2023 X Corp.General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) at Gorgias __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ THESE TERMS WERE APPLICABLE UNTIL MARCH 13 2023.REFER TO GORGIAS PRIVACY POLICY AND EU GORGIAS PRIVACY POLICY EFFECTIVE AS OF MARCH 14 2023. __________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ Related links Transparency and Accountability Ensure transparent communication with data subjects regarding the processing of their personal data. Ensure data subjects are notified of their rights under the GDPR. Gorgias' Terms of Service Agreement, Privacy Policy, and supporting policies provide a transparent notice to inform its customers. In addition, Gorgias offers legal mechanisms for cross-border transfers of personal data from the EU. A data controller is exempt from these obligations if it cannot identify which personal data in its possession relates to the relevant data subject (i.e., if personal data is anonymized and cannot be re-identified). Access and Rectification Allow data subjects to require a data controller to rectify any errors in their personal data. Agents have access to their profiles to amend inaccuracies. Provision of this right to a data subject should not adversely affect an organization’s intellectual property (i.e., giving access to a data subject should not require disclosure of trade secrets). Right to be Forgotten Provide data subjects with the right to delete their personal data if the continued processing is not justified. For example, you may need to delete your customer’s personal data to comply with your GDPR obligations. Detailed description in our Data lifecycle page A company is not required to delete data, except when one of the following reasons is present: The personal data is no longer needed in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed. The data subject withdraws consent, and there are no other legal grounds for processing. The data subject objects to processing, and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for processing. The personal data has been unlawfully processed.The personal data has to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation. The personal data has been collected in relation to the offer of information society services to a minor under 16 years old. Restriction Processing Provide data subjects the right to limit the purposes for which the data controller can process personal data. For example, your customer has filed a complaint or lawsuit against you, and it is your policy to stop processing while the complaint or lawsuit is pending. The requirement to restrict processing generally applies under the same circumstances as the right to be forgotten and/or when the following circumstances exist: The accuracy of the personal data is contested (and only for as long as it takes to verify that accuracy). The processing is unlawful, and the data subject requests restriction (and the data subject is not exercising the right to be forgotten). The data controller no longer needs the personal data for the original purpose but still requires it to establish, exercise, or defend a legal right. Verification of overriding ground is pending (in the context of a deletion request). Data Portability Provide data subjects with the right to transfer their personal data between data controllers. For example, your customer requests for you to export and provide them with all associated personal data that you store. Gorgias Helpdesk has an industry standard REST API documented here that can be used to export all the data from Gorgias. Gorgias Templates for Chrome has an export to CSV functionality that can export your data.Member data can be exported via our REST API. Inferred and derived personal data (e.g., a credit score or health assessment) are not included because they are not “provided by the data subject.” Data controllers are not obligated to retain personal data simply for the purposes of providing a copy of the personal data pursuant to a potential data subject request. Objection to Processing Provide data subjects with the right to transfer their personal data between controllers. Gorgias has documented and implemented internal mechanisms to: Cease processing personal data based upon specific data subject requests, confirmed instructions by Gorgias' customer in its capacity of data controller, and the particular reasoning for objecting to processing. Cease processing for direct marketing purposes upon request.Cease processing of personal data for scientific, historical, or statistical purposes. Data controller must cease processing upon request unless: The data controller demonstrates compelling legitimate grounds for processing that override the interests, rights, and freedoms of the data subject. The data controller requires the data in order to establish, exercise, or defend legal rights. Processing for scientific, historical, or statistical purposes is carried out for reasons of public interest. Feedback If there are any questions regarding this page, please contact us: support@gorgias.io What’s a Rich Text element? The rich text element allows you to create and format headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, images, and video all in one place instead of having to add and format them individually. Just double-click and easily create content. Static and dynamic content editing A rich text element can be used with static or dynamic content. For static content, just drop it into any page and begin editing. For dynamic content, add a rich text field to any collection and then connect a rich text element to that field in the settings panel. Voila! How to customize formatting for each rich text Headings, paragraphs, blockquotes, figures, images, and figure captions can all be styled after a class is added to the rich text element using the "When inside of" nested selector system. Helping independent ecommerce brands provide an outstanding customer service experience.Privacy Center Privacy Center home Search Privacy Policy What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover? What information do we collect? How do we use your information? How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners? How do we share information with third parties? How do the Meta Companies work together? How can you manage or delete your information and exercise your rights? How long do we keep your information? How do we transfer information? How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm? How will you know the policy has changed? Privacy notice for United States residents How to contact Meta with questions Why and how we process your information Other policies and articles Settings Privacy Policy What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover? Effective June 15, 2023 | View printable version | See previous versions Read the United States Regional Privacy Notice for more details about how we handle Personal Information and how to exercise your rights. Highlights We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use Meta Products in the way that’s right for you. In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of the Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you. It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can update these settings to shape your experience. Read the full policy below. What Products does this policy cover? Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy What information do we collect? Highlights The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our Products . For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you even if you don't have an account . Here's the information we collect: Your activity and information you provide Friends, followers and other connections App, browser and device information Information from partners, vendors and other third parties What if you don’t let us collect certain information? Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected. What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals? In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals. Take control Manage the information we collect about you Privacy Center How do we use your information? Highlights We use information we collect to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads, along with the other purposes we explain in detail below. For some of these purposes, we use information across our Products and across your devices . The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use manual review to access and review your information. To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section. Here are the ways we use your information: To provide, personalize and improve our Products We use information we have to provide and improve our Products . This includes personalizing features, content and recommendations , such as your Facebook Feed , Instagram feed , Stories and ads. We use information with special protections you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads. Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products: How we show ads and other sponsored or commercial content How we use information to improve our Products How we use location-related information To promote safety, security and integrity We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products. To provide measurement, analytics and business services Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.To communicate with you We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile. To research and innovate for social good We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research. More in the Privacy Policy Why and how we process your information How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners? Highlights On Meta Products Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our Products : People and accounts you share and communicate with Content others share or reshare about you Public content With integrated partners You can choose to connect with integrated partners who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity. These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information: When you use an integrated partner’s product or service When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service How integrated partners handle your information Take control Learn more about audiences Privacy Center Manage apps and websites How do we share information with third parties? Highlights We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require partners and other third parties to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide. Here’s more detail about who we share information with: Partners Advertisers and Audience Network publishers Partners who use our analytics services Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms Integrated partners Vendors Measurement vendors Marketing vendors Service providers Service providers Third parties External researchers Other third parties We also share information with other third parties in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm. Read the policy . And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows. How do the Meta Companies work together? Highlights We are part of the Meta Companies that provide Meta Company Products. Meta Company Products include all the Meta Products covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp, Novi and more. We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies. Learn more about how we transfer information to other countries. We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a service provider for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms. Why we share across the Meta Companies Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies: To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable lawsTo personalize offers, ads and other sponsored or commercial contentTo develop and provide features and integrationsTo understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products See some examples of why we share. More resources Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies Facebook Help Center How can you manage or delete your information and exercise your rights? Highlights We offer you a variety of tools to view, manage, download and delete your information below. You can also manage your information by visiting the settings of the Products you use. You may also have other privacy rights under applicable laws. To exercise your rights, visit our Help Centers, your settings for Facebook and Instagram and your device-based settings. Take a privacy checkup Take a privacy checkup Be guided through Facebook privacy settings View and manage your information Access your information Off-Facebook activity Ad preferences Manage your data Port, download or delete your information Port your information Download your information Delete your information or account You can learn more about how privacy works on Facebook and on Instagram , and in the Facebook Help Center . If you have questions about this policy, you can contact us as described below. In some countries, you may also be able to contact the Data Protection Officer for Meta Platforms, Inc., and depending on your jurisdiction, you may also contact your local Data Protection Authority (“DPA”) directly. How long do we keep your information?Highlights We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide: If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account. Learn more .The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages. Learn more . How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations. See some examples .If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time. Read our policy about when we may preserve your information. How do we transfer information? Highlights Why is information transferred to other countries? Where is information transferred? How do we safeguard your information? How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm? Highlights We access, preserve, use and share your information: In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities. Learn more about when we respond to legal requests.In accordance with applicable lawTo promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta Products , users, employees, property and the public. Learn more . We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time. Learn more . How will you know the policy has changed? We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products. Privacy notice for United States residents You can learn more about the consumer privacy rights that may be available to you by reviewing the United States Regional Privacy Notice . How to contact Meta with questions You can learn more about how privacy works on Facebook and on Instagram and in the Facebook Help Center . If you have questions about this Policy or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below. You can contact us online or by mail at: Meta Platforms, Inc. ATTN: Privacy Operations 1601 Willow Road Menlo Park, CA 94025 Why and how we process your information The categories of information we use, and why and how information is processed, are set out below: Why and how we process your information Information categories we use (see ' What Information do we collect? ' for more information on each information category) The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following: Personalizing the Meta Products (other than ads, see below): Our systems automatically process information we collect and store associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalized experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we: Personalize features and content (such as your News Feed , Instagram Feed and Stories);Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our products. Learn more about how we use information about you to personalize your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features Metadata about contentTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you makeHashtags you use The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products Device characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location) Location-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device toReports about our products’ performance on your deviceInformation from cookies and similar technologies Providing ads on the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process limited categories of information that we've collected and stored to provide you with ads on the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. AgeThe gender you provideInformation about ads we show you and how you engage with those adsLocation informationDevice characteristics and device software Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to: Create and maintain your account and profile,Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,Facilitate the sharing of content and status,Provide and curate features,Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,Provide advertising products,Understand and enable creation of content like text, images and videos, and Undertake analytics. We also use information to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we have to: See if a product is working correctly,Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not,Test out new products and features to see if they work,Get feedback on our ideas for products or features, andConduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better.Content you create, like posts, comments or audioYour public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to applicable lawMetadata about content and messages, subject to applicable lawTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card informationHashtags you useThe time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products Device characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address Information from cookies and similar technologies Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to research and help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them, on and off Meta Products. We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to: Verify accounts and activity,Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board ,Investigate suspicious activity,Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us, Identify and combat disparities and racial bias against historically marginalized communities,Protect the life, physical or mental health, well-being or integrity of our users or others,Detect and prevent spam, other security matters and other bad experiences,Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, andMaintain the integrity of our Products. For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips .Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled featuresMessages you send and receive, including their content, subject to applicable lawMetadata about content and messages, subject to applicable lawTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information Hashtags you useThe time, frequency and duration of your activities on our ProductsDevice characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address Information from cookies and similar technologies To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example: We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies. We also use contact information like your email address to respond when you contact us. Contact information on your profile and your communications with usContent you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled featuresDevice characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’ Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP addressInformation from cookies and similar technologies. Transferring, storing or processing your information across borders, including from and to the United States and other countries: We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners , third parties and service providers . Because Meta is global, with users, partners, vendors and employees around the world, transfers are necessary: To operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; andTo fix, analyze and improve our Products. For more information, see the "How do we transfer information?" section of the Meta Privacy Policy. Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled featuresMetadata about content and messages, subject to applicable lawTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card informationHashtags you use The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our ProductsDevice characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your advice apart from other users’Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address Information from cookies and similar technologies Processing information subject to special protections under applicable laws that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalize and improve our Products and to undertake analytics. We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual (human), processing for these purposes. Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent Receiving and using information from third parties to tailor the ads you see: We’ll use information that advertisers, businesses and other partners provide us about activity off Meta Products that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services.We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products. See the Cookies Policy for more information. Information and content you provide, such as your name or email address Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request: The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share. For example: We share your email (or other contact information) or other information you might choose when you direct us to share it with an advertiser so they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product, and If you choose to integrate other apps, games or websites with Meta Products and log in, we’ll share your information with the app, game or website to log you in. Information such as your contact or profile informationContent you create, like posts or comments Providing measurement, analytics and business services: Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to: Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their or their clients’ ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off Meta Products, andProvide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their services and how people interact with their websites, apps and services. Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled featuresTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you makeHashtags you useThe time, frequency and duration of your activities on our ProductsDevice characteristics and device software What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other usersDevice signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP addressInformation from cookies and similar technologies Sharing of information across the Meta Companies: To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative experience across the Meta Company Products to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled featuresMetadata about contentTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you makeHashtags you useThe time, frequency and duration of your activities on our ProductsDevice characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'Device signals Information you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP addressInformation from cookies and similar technologies Business intelligence and analytics: To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; andTo validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features Metadata about content and messages, subject to applicable lawTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you makeHashtags you useThe time, frequency and duration of your activities on our ProductsDevice characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots) Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP addressInformation from cookies and similar technologies Identifying you as a Meta Product user and personalizing the ads we show you through Meta Audience Network when you visit other apps: When we show you ads through Meta Audience Network when you visit other apps, our systems automatically process the information we have collected and stored about you and others to identify you as a Meta Product user and tailor the ads you see. Information you provideContent you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features Metadata about contentTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you makeHashtags you useThe time, frequency and duration of your activities on our ProductsDevice characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots) Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP addressInformation from cookies and similar technologies Providing marketing communications to you: Depending on your settings and subject to applicable law, we’ll share marketing communications with you. We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an email, subject to applicable laws. Information and content you provide, including your contact information like email addressDevice identifiers Research and innovate for social good: We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.For example, we analyze information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.We collect, store, combine, analyze and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way. We do this to do things like create COVID-19 forecasting models. Learn more about our research programs. Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled featuresMetadata about content and messages, subject to applicable lawTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you makeHashtags you useThe time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products Device characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP addressInformation from cookies and similar technologies Anonymizing your information In some cases, we anonymize information we have associated with you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled featuresMetadata about contentTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you makeHashtags you useThe time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products Device characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP addressInformation from cookies and similar technologies Sharing information with others, including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests. See the "How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?" section of the Meta Privacy Policy for more for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others. The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following: In response to legal requests from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authoritiesTo comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposesTo promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta Companies, Meta Products, users, employees, property and the public Learn more about how we promote safety, security and integrity. Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled featuresMetadata about content, subject to applicable lawTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you makeHashtags you useDevice characteristics and device software What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP addressInformation from cookies and similar technologies For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information such as a search warrant, we will access, preserve and/or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others. The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances. See the "How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?" section of the Meta Privacy Policy for more. " Information for Law Enforcement Authorities " provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow. The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be shared or otherwise processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following: Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled featuresMessages you send and receive, including their content, subject to applicable lawMetadata about content and messages, subject to applicable lawTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information Hashtags you useThe time, frequency and duration of your activities on our ProductsDevice characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address Information from cookies and similar technologiesPrivacy Policy Privacy Policy Nanoleaf Canada Ltd.とその子会社およびDoodle Labs Inc.を含む関連会社(総称して「Nanoleaf」、「我々」、「我々の」、「我々」または「弊社」)は、お客様のプライバシーについて真剣に向き合っています。弊社は、お客様が弊社と共有する個人情報は、お客様の利益になるような目的で使用されるべきであると考えています。データを収集する際の弊社の最終的な目標は、お客様の生活を向上させ、技術を通じてより良い環境の実現に貢献することです。このプライバシーポリシー（以下「ポリシー」）は、弊社のウェブサイト、eコマースプロパティ、モバイルアプリケーション、および弊社のスマートライト製品(以下「スターターシリーズ」)に適用されます。 Nanoleaf Canada Ltd. and all its subsidiaries and related companies including Doodle Labs Inc. (collectively “Nanoleaf”, “we”, “our”, or “us”) take privacy seriously. We believe the personal data you share with us should be used for the purpose of working to your benefit. Our ultimate goal when collecting any data is to improve the lives of our customers and help better the environment through technology. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) is applicable to our website, eCommerce properties, our mobile applications, and our connected lighting products (“Smarter Series”). Data Policy 私たちは、製品の改善、コンテンツのパーソナライズ、お客様に提供するカスタマーサービスとテクニカルサポートの改善のためにデータを使用しています。これらの項目以外の用途でデータを利用することはございません。お客様が 123 Main Streetに住むJohn Smithさんであろうと 789 Front Streetに住むJane Doe であろうと、私たちには何の関係もありません。私たちにとって重要なのは、時間をかけて改良を続け、人々に愛されるものを作ること、そしてすべてのお客様に正しく接し、公正で敬意ある態度で行動することなのです。 私たちは、お客様の許可を得た上で、私たちの製品やサービスをより快適にご利用いただくために必要な場合を除いて、個人を特定できる情報を第三者と共有することに反対しています。 We use data to improve our products, to personalize content, and to improve the customer service and technical support that we provide to customers. Using data outside of those parameters has no application for our business, and is not of interest to us. It doesn’t matter to us whether you’re John Smith of 123 Main Street or Jane Doe of 789 Front Street. What matters to us is that we continue to get better over time and build things that people love—and that we do right by all of our customers and conduct ourselves in a fair, respectful manner. We’re opposed to sharing personally-identifiable information with third parties unless it’s with your permission and is strictly relevant to providing you a better experience with our products or services. Why Share Your Data? お客様の個人情報を共有することで、弊社の製品およびお客様に提供するサービスを向上させることができます。弊社は、以下を通じて個人を特定できる情報を収集することがあります。 弊社のスターターシリーズを含む弊社のスマートライト製品の使用。弊社のスターターシリーズと接続する他のコネクテッド・ホーム・サービスの使用。Nanoleaf Shop（アメリカ、カナダ、ヨーロッパ/中東、イギリス、アジア太平洋地域でローカルサービスを提供）での製品の購入。お客様に対する販売サポートの提供カスタマーサービスまたはテクニカルサポートの提供。弊社製品の最新かつ最高のソフトウェア・アップデートのお知らせ。お客様動向に基づく弊社のウェブサイト/アプリケーションの改善。お客様にとって本当に重要な製品やサービスの理解 Sharing your personal data with us allows us to improve our products and the service that we offer to you. We may collect personally-identifiable information through the following: Using our connected lighting services including our Smarter Series;Using other connected home services that connect with our Smarter Series;Buying products on The Nanoleaf Shop (with local service in The Americas , Canada , Europe / Middle East , United Kingdom , and Asia-Pacific ); Providing you with sales support;Providing you with customer service or technical support;Letting you know about the latest and greatest software updates for our products;Improving our website/app through usage statistics;Knowing what products and services are truly important to you. What Data Do We Collect? Nanoleafスターターシリーズ製品をNanoleafのサーバーに接続すると、製品との直接的なインタラクションに基づくイベントデータが収集されます。これには以下が含まれます。 照明のオン/オフ明るさの調整シーンの設定色の設定 このデータは、Nanoleafのアルゴリズムと分析ツールに供給され、高度な機能へのアクセスや製品の改善のために使用されます。 弊社のモバイルアプリは、アプリの使用方法に関する匿名化されたデータを収集します。このデータは、モバイルアプリのエクスペリエンスを向上させる目的で使用されます。お客様は、弊社のモバイルアプリを通じて、Nanoleafコミュニティとコンテンツを共有することを選択することができます。このコンテンツは、送信されると収集・保存されます。 弊社のウェブサイトでは、お客様を理解し、最高のエクスペリエンスを実現するために情報を収集しています。このデータには、お客様のIPアドレス、クッキーID、ウェブブラウザ、所在地、お客様が当ウェブサイトで閲覧したページなどが含まれます。弊社のウェブサイトは、行動パターンの特定、パーソナライズされたコンテンツの提供、製品の改良のために、多くの分析サービスを利用しています。これらのサービスから個人を特定できる情報を収集することはありませんが、各サービスは独自のプライバシーポリシーに従って、弊社と共有しない情報を収集することがあります。 これらの分析サービスには以下のものがあります。 Google Analytics (リマーケティングを含む)Google タグマネージャGoogle オプティマイズダブルクリック・バイ・グーグルFacebookコネクトTwitterコネクト プライバシーおよびデータの取り扱いに関する詳細については、こちらをご覧ください。 Nanoleaf Shopで製品を購入する際、お客様は任意でお名前、メールアドレス、支払い情報、請求先住所、配送先住所、電話番号などを提供します。これらの情報は、お客様の注文を処理するためにのみ使用されます。お客様が弊社からのマーケティング情報を受け取ることを選択された場合、弊社からお客様にキャンペーン情報をお送りすることがあります。お客様は、メッセージのフッターにある購読中止のリンクをクリックすることにより、いつでも購読を中止することができます。これにより、お客様から販促用リストへの再登録を要求されない限り、販促用メールは送信されなくなります。 When you connect your Nanoleaf Smarter Series devices to Nanoleaf’s servers, we collect event data based on direct interactions with your devices. This includes: Turning lights on and offAdjusting brightnessSettings ScenesSetting colors This data is fed into Nanoleaf’s algorithms and analysis tools and is used to provide you access to advanced features and product enhancements. Our mobile apps collect anonymized usage data on how the app is used. This data is used for the purposes of enhancing the mobile app experience. You may choose to share content with the Nanoleaf Community through our mobile Apps. This content is collected and stored once submitted.Our website collects information to help us understand our customers and create the best experience possible. This data includes things like your IP address, cookie ID, web browser, location, and pages you visit on our website. Our website uses a number of analysis services to help us identify patterns of behavior, offer personalized content, and improve our products. We do not collect personally-identifiable information from these services; however, they may collect information that they do not share with us in accordance with their own privacy policies. These analytical services include: Google Analytics (including Remarketing)Google Tag ManagerGoogle OptimizeDoubleClick by GoogleFacebook ConnectTwitter Connect For further information on privacy and data handling, please refer to: When purchasing items from the Nanoleaf Shop, you voluntarily give us your name, email address, payment information, billing and shipping addresses, and telephone number. We use this information solely for processing your order. If you have opted-in to receive marketing communications from us, we will send you promotional offers from time to time. You may unsubscribe at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any message. This prevents any promotional emails from being sent to you unless you explicitly request that we re-add you to a promotional list. Our Use of Cookies and Log Files 弊社は、ウェブサイトによってコンピュータのハードディスクに置かれる小さなテキストファイルであるブラウザ追跡クッキー（または "Cookie"）を使用しています。クッキーは、お客様に一意に割り当てられ、お客様にクッキーを発行したウェブサイトまたはウェブサーバーによってのみ読み取られます。また、弊社は、サーバーの「ログファイル」を使用しています。これは、お客様がウェブサイトを訪問したときに、お客様のインターネットプロトコル(IP)アドレス、お客様のブラウザの優先言語設定、お客様がウェブサイトを訪問している国など、特定の情報を記録するものです。 弊社は、クッキーとログファイルを、お客様が弊社のウェブサイトに再訪した際にお客様を認識するため、弊社のウェブサイトでの活動を記録しお客様がどの項目をクリックまたは閲覧したかを記憶するため、お客様が弊社のウェブサイトをどのように閲覧しサイト検索でどの製品を探しているかを特定し、弊社のウェブサイトのデザイン、コンテンツ、機能を改善するため、またお客様のオンライン行動に基づいて弊社のウェブサイトへの移動方法を反映しオンライン・バナー広告およびメールのメッセージ、コンテンツ、配信をカスタマイズするためなど、弊社のウェブサイトでのお客様の体験を改善するために使用しています。弊社はこれを「ブラウジングデータ」と呼んでいます。 弊社は、クッキーを通じて収集した閲覧データの収集および分析を支援するために、第三者のサービス・プロバイダーを雇うことがありますが、お客様の個人情報がこれらの第三者のサービス・プロバイダーに開示されることは一切ありません。 お客様は、弊社によるクッキーの使用を承認または拒否することができます。お客様は、インターネットブラウザでクッキーをオフにしたりブロックすることにより、クッキーの使用を拒否することができます。クッキーをオフにしたりブロックしたりすると、弊社のウェブサイトが正しく機能しなくなる場合があります。 上記の「お客様」という言葉の使用は、お客様個人に関するものではなく、お客様のインターネットブラウザおよび弊社ウェブサイトの使用に関するものであることにご留意ください。弊社は、氏名、電子メール、住所や連絡先などの提供された個人情報を、ウェブ解析データ、クッキー、ログファイルと明示的に関連付けることはありません。 We use browser tracking cookies (or “cookies”), which are small text files that are placed on the hard disk of a computer by a website. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a website or web server that issued the cookie to you. We also use server “log files” which record certain information when you visit a website, including your internet protocol (IP) address, the preferred language setting in your browser, and the country from which you're visiting the website. We use cookies and logs files to improve your experience on our Website, such as to recognize you when you return to our website; keep track of activity on our Website and remember what items you have clicked on or viewed; study how you navigate through our website and which products you request in site searches so that we can improve the design, content and function of our Website; and customize the message, content and delivery of online banner advertisements and e-mails that reflect how you navigate to and through our Website based on your online behavior. We call this “Browsing Data”. We may hire third-party service providers to assist us in the collection and analysis of this Browsing Data collected through cookies, but none of your personal information is disclosed to these third party service providers. You have the ability to accept or decline our use of cookies. You can refuse cookies by turning them off or blocking them in your internet browser. If you decide to turn off or block cookies, our website might not function correctly for you. Please note that the use of the word 'you' above does not relate to your person, it relates to your internet browser and its usage of our website. We explicitly do not link personal information provided like name, email, and address or contact information with web analytics data, cookies, or log files. Where Is Your Data Kept? 当店は、お客様の個人情報を保護するために合理的な範囲で必要な措置を講じています。当ショップで購入される際に提供される個人を特定できる情報は、SSLにより暗号化され、AES-256の暗号化通信により保存されます。Nanoleaf Shopは、Shopifyによって運営されています。Shopifyのデータ取り扱いに関する詳細は、Shopifyのサービス利用規約とプライバシーステートメントをお読みください。Nanoleaf Perksロイヤリティプログラムは、Smile.ioによって運営されています。詳細については、同社のプライバシー・ポリシーを参照してください。 また、弊社のスターターシリーズは、HomeKitとZigBeeによる通信のために最新の暗号化技術を使用しています。 We take reasonable precautions to protect your personal data. Personally-identifiable information provided along with any purchases made through our store is encrypted using SSL and stored with AES-256 encryption. The Nanoleaf Shop is hosted by Shopify.For more information on Shopify’s data-handling practices, please read Shopify’s Terms of Service and Privacy Statement . The Nanoleaf Perks loyalty program is administered by Smile.io. You may wish to refer to their Privacy Policy for further information. Our Smarter Series also uses the latest in encryption technology to communicate using HomeKit and ZigBee. How Does Nanoleaf Interact With Third Parties? 弊社は、法律、eコマース注文を促進するための取引上の必要性、Nanoleaf Perksプログラムの管理、決済会社での本人確認、請求先確認、与信調査、その他決済会社によるサービス提供のため、お客様のご同意のうえ決済会社に個人情報を開示する場合、またはお客様が明示的に同意した場合を除き、弊社の誠実な判断により必要な範囲でお客様の個人情報を第三者に開示することはありません。 弊社は、お客様がNanoleafアカウントをこれらのサービスと接続することを選択した場合、お客様のデータをAmazon Alexa、Google Home、IFTTTなどのサードパーティ・サービスと共有することがあります。すべての場合において、弊社のサービスは、実際に情報を共有する前に、お客様の許可を求めます。これらのサイトは、弊社とは独立して運営されており、独自のプライバシーポリシーおよびセキュリティポリシーを定めています。お客様が第三者と共有することを選択した個人情報については、その第三者のプライバシーポリシーが適用されます。お客様ご自身が訪問されるすべてのサイトでこれらのポリシーを確認することをお勧めします。このポリシーは、そのようなリンク先のページや他のサイトには適用されず、弊社は、お客様の便宜のためにのみ提供されているリンク先のウェブサイトのコンテンツや業務について責任を負うものではありません。 音声を可視化し、マイクを搭載した製品の場合、音声は録音されず、第三者と共有されません。ハードウェア製品上でリアルタイムにその場で可視化されます。 We will not disclose your personal information to third parties, except if, and to the extent necessary, in our good faith judgment, doing so is required: by law, for the transactional needs of facilitating eCommerce orders, for administering the Nanoleaf Perks program, or where you have given explicit consent. We may share your data with third party services like Amazon Alexa, Google Home, IFTTT and others when you choose to connect your Nanoleaf Account with these services. In all cases, our service will ask for your permission before actually sharing information. These sites operate independently of us and have established their own privacy and security policies. Any personal information you choose to share with third parties is subject to that third party’s privacy policy. We encourage you to review these policies at any site you visit. This Policy does not apply to such linked pages or other sites, and we are not responsible for the content or practices of any linked websites that are provided solely for your convenience. For products that visualize audio and contain a microphone, the audio is not recorded or shared with third parties—it is visualized locally in realtime, on the device hardware. Parental Information 弊社は、家族全員が使用できるようなシンプルな製品を設計していますが、13歳未満のお子様を特別に対象とはしていません。弊社は、13歳未満の未成年者の個人情報を収集する意図はありません。弊社は、両親および保護者が、お子様がオンラインでどのように情報を共有しているかを監督することを推奨します。弊社は、13歳未満のお子様から意図せずして個人情報を収集したことに気付いた場合、弊社のデータベースから当該個人情報を削除するよう商業的に合理的な努力を行います。 While we design our products to be simple enough for use by all family members, we do not specifically target our products toward children under the age of 13. We do not intend to collect personal information on minors under the age of 13 and we encourage parents and guardians to supervise how children are sharing information online. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will make commercially reasonably efforts to delete such personal information from our database. Your Decisions About Your Personal Information お客様は、メッセージのフッターにある購読中止のリンクをクリックすることで、弊社からのメールの受信を中止することができます。これにより、お客様が明示的にプロモーションリストへの再登録を要求しない限り、いかなるプロモーションメールもお客様に送信されなくなります。 お客様のアカウントに関連して弊社が保有する個人情報の確認、弊社によるお客様の情報の使用および開示に対する同意の撤回、弊社がお客様の個人情報を提供している可能性のある第三者の一覧の請求、または可能な場合はお客様の個人情報の修正を希望される場合、お客様は弊社 ( support@nanoleaf.me ) に連絡することができます。 お客様のアカウントの閉鎖を希望される場合は、 accounts@nanoleaf.me にお問合せください。 上記のいずれかを行うために弊社にご連絡いただく場合、弊社は、お客様を特定し、お客様の個人情報の存在、使用および開示についてお客様にお伝えするために、十分な個人情報の提供をお願いすることがあり、この個人情報はこの目的のためにのみ使用されます。お客様がご自身の個人情報について弊社にご連絡された場合、弊社は合理的な期間内に、対応させていただきます。 You may stop receiving emails from us by clicking the unsubscribe link in the footer of any message. This prevents any promotional emails from being sent to you unless you explicitly request that we re-add you to a promotional list. If you would like to review the personal information held by us in connection with your account; withdraw your consent for our use and disclosure of your information; request a list of third parties to which the Company may have provided your personal information; or amend your personal information, where possible, you can contact us at support@nanoleaf.me . If you would like to close your account, you can contact us at accounts@nanoleaf.me . If you contact us to do any of the things listed above, we may require you to provide sufficient personal information to allow us to identify you and tell you about the existence, use and disclosure of your personal information and this personal information will only be used for this purpose. If you contact us about your personal information, we will respond to your request within a reasonable time and at no cost to you.Clarifications Relevant to EU Directive 2016/679 (“General Data Protection Regulation”) 弊社の現在のプライバシーポリシーと利用規約は、GDPRの趣旨に沿ったものとなっています。お客様はいつでも、お客様の個人情報の修正または弊社の記録からの個人データの削除 (「忘れられる権利」)を、accounts@nanoleaf.me にメールで要望することができます。私たちは、合理的な期間内にこれらのご要望に対応することを約束します（通常はご要望を受けてから1週間以内に解決することを目指しています。） Our current privacy policy and terms of service are aligned with the spirit of the GDPR. You may, at any time, request amendments to your personal information or deletion of your personal data (‘the right to be forgotten’) from our records by emailing accounts@nanoleaf.me. We commit to addressing these requests within a reasonable time frame (our goal is resolution within one week of receiving a request). Questions? Contact Us. 本ポリシーに関するご質問を含め、その他のお問い合わせは、メール hello@nanoleaf.me にてお願いいたします。 If you have any other inquiries, including questions about this Policy, please email us at hello@nanoleaf.me . Change To This Privacy Policy 「私たちは常に、お客様により良いサービスを提供することを目指し、その結果、私たちの進化に伴い、このポリシーは更新される必要があることを予期しています。お客様により良いサービスを提供するために、私たちはこのポリシーを時折変更する権利を有します。私たちは、お客様に関連する項目を更新するために合理的な努力をします。 We are always looking to serve our customers better and as a result we anticipate that this policy will need to be updated as we evolve. In serving you better, we reserve the right to change this policy occasionally. We will make reasonable efforts to update you on items relevant to you. 修正履歴 投稿日 2017年12月7日 発効日 2018年2月1日 2018年12月10日 オーディオビジュアライジング製品に関連する明確化 2020年8月5日 閲覧データがSnapchat IncおよびAmazon.com Incが所有する広告サービスと共有されなくなったことを反映 2020年10月9日 Zendeskを個人を特定できる情報のベンダー・サブプロセッサーとして追加 2022年9月29日 決済会社の追加により、個人情報の第三者提供の項目を修正 Amendment Log Posted Date: December 7, 2017. Effective Date: February 1, 2018. Amended December 10, 2018 to provide clarifications relevant to audio visualizing devices. Amended August 5, 2020 to reflect that browsing data is no longer shared with advertising services owned by Snapchat Inc and Amazon.com Inc. Amended October 9, 2020 to identify Zendesk as a vendor subprocessor of personally-identifiable information. This website uses first and third party cookies to personalize your experience, analyze web traffic data, and optimize performance. We never sell your data to third parties. Privacy Policy. All data collected and processed is handled in accordance with our privacy policy. We do not sell your personal information to third parties, and collected data is anonymised and aggregated to cohorts wherever possible. "First Party" cookies refers to data usage on this website, and generally cannot be disabled without breaking core functionality. "Third Party" cookies refers to cookies which are stored in your browser and accessible by a third party vendor. Please see the appropriate tabs for more information. First Party Usage Third Party Usage Data Vendors Nanoleaf Geolocation Service We use your IP address to determine the country which you're connecting from and suggest the locale which is most relevant to your physical location (localizing product information, availability, and currency). Data processing is conducted on the client side (your browser), and your location preference is stored in a cookie in your browser. Pinpointing your location by this service is restricted to the country level, and is not sent to our servers for storage or further analysis. Nanoleaf Language Identification Service We use the preferred language settings provided by the user-agent of your browser to suggest content which is available in your language. Data processing is conducted on the client side (your browser), and your language preference is stored in a cookie in your browser. This information is not sent to our servers for storage or further analysis. Nanoleaf Single Sign-On Service Upon login with an eligible Nanoleaf account, we generate a hashed and anonymised token and store it in your browser. This facilitates single sign on for various accounts that you use to interact with our products and services (Nanoleaf Shop, Nanoleaf Helpdesk, Nanoleaf App, and/or Nanoleaf Cloud). This token does interact with third party services if you log into our website, but is designed in such a way that it cannot be used to identify you without access to additional data (specifically, a database containing information registered in any of your Nanoleaf user accounts). For more information on these interactions, please review the "Third Party" and "Data Vendors" sections. Functionality & Legitimate Interest Data collected of this type is required for this website to function, and cannot be disabled. To prevent this type of data usage, please disable Javascript in the browser. Note that doing so may break your browsing experience on this website, and make certain content or functionality unavailable until Javascript is enabled and the page reloaded. See the Data Vendors tab for more information on processor and subprocessor relationships.Security & Authentication Usage You consent to our collection and processing of data in order to securely authenticate your account(s) with Nanoleaf and to enhance the protection of any personal information willingly provided to Nanoleaf. This type of data usage cannot be disabled. See the Data Vendors tab for more information on processor and subprocessor relationships. Advertising Usage You consent to our collection and processing of data for marketing and advertising purposes. Your data will never sold by Nanoleaf to another party even if you give consent. See the Data Vendors tab for more information on processor and subprocessor relationships. Performance Usage You consent to our collection and processing of data for the purpose of improving the functionality and user experience of this website and similar websites on the nanoleaf.me domain and subdomains. See the Data Vendors tab for more information on processor and subprocessor relationships. Personalization Usage You consent to our collection and processing of data in order to personalize your browsing experience and present to you more relevant content and experience based on the preferences which you indicate. See the Data Vendors tab for more information on processor and subprocessor relationships. We use Google Analytics to analyze aggregate behavior on our website, with the goal of using these aggregated data sets to improve user experience, website performance, and relevance of the content that we publish. We do not use the user-id-session collection function, and do not analyze individual user sessions using Google Analytics. We do create remarketing lists with Google Analytics, which at aggregate are used to improve the relevance of paid advertising for users who have not opted out of data collection with Google (please see the "Data Vendors" tab for opt-out instructions). These lists cannot be used by Nanoleaf to personally identify you. On the European locales of our website, IP addresses are anonymised by local servers before data is processed by Google Analytics. Please note that anonymised data may be sent to these third countries : United States, Canada, Hong Kong. Data is Anonymised : YesData Storage Locations : France, Canada, United States, Hong KongData Usage Purposes : Technical Analysis, MarketingTo disable the collection of data for processing with Google Analytics, you can install the opt-out tool here We use Google Optimize to analyze aggregate visitor preferences and help determine whether the content which we publish on our website is useful for visitors. This includes "A/B" and "Multivariant" tests of content and website design/layout. The information collected through this analysis is of an aggregate, anonymous nature (user-id-session is not collected). Data is Anonymised : YesData Storage Locations : France, Canada, United States, Hong KongData Usage Purposes : Technical Analysis, Marketing We use Google Ads to promote our products and services in various countries, including the United Kingdom and the member states of the European Union. Ad products which we utilize include AdWords (text and search), Display (banner), and various formats of video advertising units on YouTube. Google Ads is a subprocessor of aggregate data collected via Google Analytics and shared with Google Ads in an anonymised manner (user-id-session is not transmitted, since it is not collected). Ad personalization signals are disabled by default for users in the EU and UK. This prevents the use of remarketing and retargeting advertisements unless a visitor has opted in for this use. Data is Anonymised : NoData Storage Locations : Canada, United States, Hong KongData Usage Purposes : MarketingGoogle's privacy policy can be found here We use Facebook Connect to record behavioral activity related to sales, and to improve the relevance of marketing and advertising to "look-alike cohorts". In practice, this means that an anomymous Facebook user-id is generated after the completion of a sale and sent to Facebook to attribute against a set of user data in their posession. At aggregate, this data is used to improve the targeting of advertising to visitors on Facebook, Instagram, and other properties owned by Meta (primarily by identifying "like" users on these platforms who may find the advertisements relevant). Data is Anonymised: NoData Storage Locations: United StatesData Usage Purposes: MarketingFacebook's privacy policy can be found here We use Twitter Connect to record certain behavioral actions on Twitter (for example, link clicks to our website) and analyze the associated behaviors on our website with the goal of improving the experience that visitors have, and determine which content is relevant. This data is aggregated and anonymous in nature, individual user sessions are not analyzed and Nanoleaf cannot attribute this data to its own personally-identifiable data stored in user accounts for Nanoleaf services.Data is Anonymised: NoData Storage Locations: United StatesData Usage Purposes: MarketingTwitter's privacy policy can be found here We use Funnelytics to determine the success of marketing campaigns in aggregate, on narrowly-defined sets of website landing pages and purchase checkouts. This data is aggregated and anonymous in nature, and cannot be used by Nanoleaf to personally identify a visitor to our website. Data is Anonymised: YesData Storage Locations: CanadaData Usage Purposes: MarketingFunnelytics' privacy policy can be found here We use Shopify to process purchases on our website in a PCI DSS compliant checkout environment which meets PSD2 requirements as required by law in the European Union. All payment transactions are processed in France, and are compliant with national law as well as the regulations proscribed by the European Commission. When you make a purchase on the Nanoleaf Shop, data essential to the processing and fulfillment of your purchase is shared with Shopify (the processor) and accessed by Nanoleaf as required to fulfill your order (the sub-processor). Purchase data is aggregated and processed by Nanoleaf for reporting purposes (these reports are not shared with other parties under any circumstances). Personally-identifiable information is used only to provide order fulfillment and customer service (either at your request, or proactively when we identify in advance service or logistics disruptions which may impact you). All data collected and stored on Shopify's servers is subject to the right to be forgotten, and you may request deletion of such data at any time by contacting us to initiate the request on your behalf. After a request has been initiated, Shopify will communicate with you directly solely in regards to the progress of your data deletion request. Please see the ""Data Vendors"" section for more information. Data is Anonymised: NoData Storage Locations: France, Canada, Hong Kong, Japan, VietnamData Usage Purposes: Order Processing and FulfillmentPlease note that personally-identifiable information for EU and UK customers is stored in France, and may be sub-processed in Canada. This data is not stored in the other locations listed (rather, the data for customers in those regions is stored locally).To submit a right to be forgotten request, please contact Nanoleaf Support More information on how Shopify manages GDPR compliance and deletion requests is available here We use Brevo to provide certain transactional and marketing-related email or SMS communications with your explicit permission (the opt-in mechanism required when signing up for a contact list on our website). At our direction, Breco facilitates the communication of commercial and non-commercial messages based on the permissions which you gave during the sign-up process. Some examples include limited-time promotions, general company news and updates, or product-specific news and updates related to devices which you have indicated that you own (or have purchased through the Nanoleaf Shop on our website). All data collected and stored on Brevo's servers is subject to the right to be forgotten, and you may request deletion of such data by contacting us. Personally-identifiable information is limited to your contact record, which only includes information which you have volunteered during the signup process (common data attributes are name, email address, country of domicile, language preference, and products owned). Data is Anonymised: NoData Storage Locations: FranceData Usage Purposes: Marketing, Non-Marketing CommunicationsTo submit a right to be forgotten request, please contact Nanoleaf Support More information on how Brevo manages GDPR compliance is available here We use Gorgias to facilitate customer service, order support, and technical support interactions via LiveChat on our website, telephone (IP telephony), social media messaging, and email messaging. Personally-identifiable information is required to facilitate these interactions, which includes your email address and (optionally) your name and telephone number. Order reference numbers and device serial numbers are also commonly requested to facilitate such interactions, although these cannot be used in isolation to personally identify you. Gorgias stores your contact details and case history, which enables us to provide better (and more expedient) customer service in the future. You can request deletion of any case or your case history at any time by contacting us. Data is Anonymised: NoData Storage Locations: United StatesData Usage Purposes: Customer ServiceTo submit a right to be forgotten request, please contact Nanoleaf Support More information on how Gorgias manages GDPR compliance is available here We use Pinterest Ads to measure, report on and improve the performance of ads on Pinterest, or to figure out what kinds of ads to show customers on or off of Pinterest.This includes information about your visits to our site or purchases you made from us, or information about your interests from a third-party service, which we might use to help show you ads. You can control how we use this information to personalize your experience and the ads you see on Pinterest in your Privacy and Data Settings. Data is Anonymised: NoData Storage Locations: United StatesData Usage Purposes: MarketingPinterest's privacy policy can be found here We use TikTok Ads to promote our products and services in various countries.TikTok shares information with advertisers and third-party measurement companies to show how many and which users of the Platform have viewed or clicked on an advertisement. If you use the TikTok Lite version of TikTok, information is shared with advertising networks to display personalized advertisements to you on the TikTok Lite app and elsewhere online. TikTok stores and processes data in accordance with their privacy policy. Data is Anonymised: NoData Storage Locations: United States and CanadaData Usage Purposes: MarketingTikTok's privacy policy can be found here Votez pour votre bundle préféré pour la rentrée et obtenez 5 % de réduction en plus de la remise actuelle! *Offer available until Sept 10, 2023. Bestimmten Sie Ihr lieblings Schulanfangs-Bundle und erhalten Sie zusätzliche 5% Rabatt auf reduzierte Bundle! *Offer available until Sept 10, 2023. Vote for Your Favorite Back to School Bundle and Get a 15% OFF Code! *Offer available until Sept 10, 2023. Hello, Traveller! Hallo Reisender! Bonjour voyageur ! Halo, Wisatawan! Ciao, Viaggiatore! ようこそ、旅行者の皆様。 안녕하세요, 여행자 여러분들! สวัสดีนักเดินทาง! Xin chào, khách du lịch! 您好，喜愛旅行的各位! We think there might be a better match for your location and language :) You can set these below for local prices and the fastest delivery. Wir glauben, dass es für Ihren Standort und Ihre Sprache eine bessere Übereinstimmung geben könnte :) Diese können diese unten einstellen, um lokale Preise und die schnellste Lieferung zu erhalten. Nous pensons qu’il pourrait y avoir de meilleurs résultats correspondant à votre emplacement et à votre langue :) Vous pouvez les préciser ci-dessous pour avoir une idée sur les prix locaux et les meilleurs délais de livraison. Kami pikir mungkin ada kecocokan yang lebih baik untuk lokasi dan bahasa Anda :) Anda dapat mengaturnya di bawah ini untuk harga lokal dan pengiriman tercepat. Potrebbe esserci una corrispondenza migliore per la località e la lingua da te scelta :) Impostale qui sotto per i prezzi a livello locale e una consegna più rapida. お客様の地域や言語によりピッタリのウェブページをお選びください :)以下から、現地の価格や最短の配信をご設定いただけます。 귀하의 위치와 언어에 더 적합한 매치가 있으리라 생각합니다. 지역 금액 및 가장 빠른 배송을 위해 귀하는 위치와 언어를 아래에서 설정할 수 있습니다. เราพบว่ามีตัวเลือกที่ดีกว่าสำหรับที่อยู่และภาษาของคุณ คุณสามารถตั้งค่าข้อมูลเหล่านี้ด้านล่างสำหรับราคาท้องถิ่นและเวลาจัดส่งที่เร็วที่สุด Chúng tôi nghĩ rằng có thể có sự phù hợp tốt hơn cho vị trí và ngôn ngữ của bạn :) Bạn có thể đặt những điều này bên dưới để có giá địa phương và giao hàng nhanh nhất. 使用自己的位置和語言肯定更順手吧:)您可以在下方設定這些選項，並取得當地價格與最快的交付。 Location Standort Emplacement Lokasi Località 場所 위치 ที่อยู่ Vị trí 位置 Language Sprache Langue Bahasa Lingua 言語 언어 ภาษา Ngôn ngữ 語言 off Thanks for registering! Register with Student Beans to verify your student status and get a 15% discount code. JOIN NOW ES FR PT DE IT CY HI JA MS VI KO TL ZH TH EN (US$) (A$) (£) (C$) (€) (HK$) (₹) (Rp) (¥) (₩) (MX$) (RM) (NZ$) (₱) (S$) (฿) (NT$) (₫) © 2023 Nanoleaf | Designed on Planet Earth. Get Help Get Help Welcome to Nanoleaf Chat Welcome! Our team is available for livechat 24/7 and normally responds within 5 minutes. In the meantime, you can also check out our Helpdesk for answers to common questions and simple fixes! What can we help you with today? Technical SupportWorks WithConnectivity & PairingWarranty & ReplacementsOrders & ReturnsFAQ Technical Support LinesElementsEssentialsShapesCanvasOG Rhythm Light PanelsRemoteSmart IvyNanoleaf One Lines Elements Essentials Shapes Canvas Remote OG Rhythm Light Panels Smart Ivy (Discontinued) Nanoleaf One (Discontinued) Works With Nanoleaf iOS AppNanoleaf Android AppNanoleaf Desktop AppAmazon AlexaGoogle HomeIFFFTRazerNanoleaf Cloud Nanoleaf iOS App Nanoleaf Android App Nanoleaf Desktop App Nanoleaf Cloud Amazon Alexa Google Home IFFFT Razer Connectivity & Pairing Warranty & Replacements Orders & Returns FAQ First Name (required) Last Name (required) Email (required) there is typingCalifornia Residents: Please see our California Privacy Statement and Notice at Collection . We work hard to make our use of personal data transparent and to make your rights and choices easy to understand. Privacy laws have continued to evolve and we made changes to this policy based on new privacy laws in some U.S. states. We also added new information for our EEA and UK residents about the data controller of their personal data. Our mission is to bring everyone the inspiration to create a life they love. To do that, we show you personalized content and ads we think you’ll be interested in based on information we collect from you and other parties. We wrote this policy to help you understand what information we collect, how we use it and what choices you have about it. Some of the concepts below are a little technical, but we’ve tried our best to explain things in a simple and clear way. This is Pinterest’s global Privacy Policy. We have highlighted below where a particular section applies to you based on where you live. For the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (“ GDPR ”), if you are a resident in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK, Pinterest Europe Ltd. and Pinterest, Inc. are joint data controllers of your personal data. Pinterest Europe Ltd. is an Irish company with its registered office at Palmerston House, 2nd Floor, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. Pinterest, Inc. is a US company with its registered office at 651 Brannan St., San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. Pinterest Europe Ltd is the responsible controller for fulfilling key obligations under the GDPR. If you have any questions about our data processing activities, please contact our . When you use Pinterest websites, apps, services, technologies, APIs, widgets, or any other or features we offer (“Pinterest” or the “Services”), you voluntarily share certain information. Account Information : When you join our Services, we collect information like your name, email address, birthday, gender, and preferred language. If you have a business account, depending on where you live, you may also have the option to add race and ethnicity information to your profile. Content : We collect information when you save or upload Pins, photos, or other content, interact with Pins or other content (for example, commenting or adding a Pin), or where you send messages and interact with other users. Precise location information : Depending on where you live, you can choose to share your precise location using your device settings. Your communications with us : If you contact us for customer support or otherwise communicate with us, we collect the content of these communications. Your contacts : If you previously chose to sync your contacts with your account, we will continue to process certain information about your contacts who are Pinterest users to help you find one another on our Services. When you use a website, mobile application or other internet service, certain internet and electronic network activity information gets created and logged automatically. This is also true when you use Pinterest. Here are some of the types of information we collect: Device information : We collect information about the device you use to access our Services, including the type of device, operating system, network service provider, settings, and unique device identifiers. Log data : When you use our Services, our servers record information (“log data”), including information that your browser automatically sends whenever you visit a website, or that your mobile app automatically sends when you’re using it. This log data includes, for example, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, activity on websites you visit that incorporate Pinterest features (like the “Save” button) browser type and settings, and the date and time of when you accessed the Services. You can . Information from cookies and similar technologies : We also use “cookies” or similar technologies to obtain log data. For example, we use cookies to store your language preferences or other settings so you don‘t have to set them up every time you visit Pinterest. For more information about how we use cookies, please review our . Usage data and inferences . When you’re on our Services, we use your activity—such as which Pins you click on, terms you search for, boards you create, and any text that you add in a comment or description—along with other information you’ve provided when you first signed up and information from our partners and advertisers to make inferences about you and your preferences. For example, if you create a board about travel, we may infer you are a travel enthusiast.We may also infer other information, such as your education or professional experience. Location Information : We use your IP address to infer your approximate location, even if you don't choose to share your precise location, and photos you share may include information about the location where they were taken. User Choices : We will keep a record of choices you’ve selected in your settings, including privacy settings and whether you have enabled notifications. We also receive information about you and your activity outside Pinterest from our affiliates, advertisers, partners and other third parties we work with. For example: Third party platforms : If you register for or log into the Service using a third party platform, they will furnish certain information to us to facilitate your account creation or log-in with us. In addition, if you to our Services, we may use information from those accounts to improve your experience. Further, some third-party applications use Pinterest features such as our “Save” button, or you may install our “Save” button for your browser. If so, we collect log data from those sites or apps, including usage data. Technical service partners : We sometimes receive information about you from technical service partners, including from marketing firms. Advertisers or other partners : Online advertisers or third parties share information with us about you to measure, report on or improve the performance of ads on Pinterest, or to help us better understand what kinds of ads to show you on Pinterest. For example, we may receive information about your visits to an advertiser's site, or purchases you made from them, or information about your interests from a third-party service, which we might use to help show you ads on the Service. Sometimes we get this information through the Pinterest Tag (a piece of code an advertiser puts on their site), which delivers insights to us and our ad partners about actions that a person takes on their website after viewing an ad on our Services. and the types of information advertisers or other third parties share with us. You can control how we use this information to personalize your experience and the ads you see on Pinterest in your . We’re committed to showing you content that’s relevant, interesting and personal to you. To do that, we use your information to provide and improve your experience, including to: Identify you when you use our Services.Recommend Pins, boards, or content you might like based on your activity on our Services and your offsite behavior. For example, if we see you’re into cooking-related content on Pinterest, we may suggest food-related Pins to you. Similarly, if you visit websites that sell electric guitars, we may suggest guitar Pins to you. For more information on how we recommend content to you, please visit our . Respond to your questions or comments. Build your community on our Services. We use your info to suggest other people who have similar interests. For example, if you follow interior design boards, we may suggest interior designers that you might like. We also use data to help your friends and contacts find you on Pinterest. For example, people can search for your account on Pinterest using your email. If you previously chose to sync your contacts with your Pinterest account, we will process certain information about your contacts who are Pinterest users to help you find them on our Services. Allow searching with photos, if you choose. For example, if you take a photo of a pair of shoes or a piece of furniture you like, you can ask us to show you similar items. You can opt in to this in your device operating system settings.Depending on where you live, and with your consent, identify your precise location and customize your experience on our Services. For example, if we know that you’re near a retailer we may show you that retailer’s Pins that may be of interest to you. You can opt in to (and out of) this in your device operating system settings. Send you updates, including by email, push notification, SMS, or phone. You can unsubscribe from our promotional emails at any time and decide to by updating your . We use your information in our efforts to improve our Services, keep our users and the public safe, and to protect legal interests. To do so, we: Review your activity and messages on our Services to detect spam or activity that poses a risk to our community or the public. This can include working with law enforcement to keep Pinterest safe.Analyze users’ log data and device information to identify and investigate suspicious behavior or violations of our policies or Terms.May access user information in relation to a legal claim, litigation, or regulatory proceeding. Conduct analytics and research on who is using our Services and what they are doing. For example, by logging how often people use two different versions of a feature on Pinterest, we can understand which version is better.Improve the products and services of our family of companies and offer new features. Create aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you. Pinterest processes, maintains, and uses this information only in a de-identified fashion for the purposes of this Privacy Policy and will not attempt to re-identify such information. We also use your information to personalize the ads you see Specifically, we use the information we collect to: Decide which ads to show you. For example, if you show an interest in camping tents on Pinterest or browse sleeping bags on one of our partner’s websites, we may show you ads for other outdoor products. We customize the ad content we show you by identifying your interests based on your onsite and offsite activities, as well as by using information we receive from ad partners or other third parties. Where we use cookies to identify your offsite interests, we’ll get your consent where required. Advertise Pinterest products and services to you on other sites and apps. To do this, we disclose information such as cookie IDs, your IP address, or a hashed version of your email address to third parties, such as Facebook Ads, Google Marketing Platform, and others who may combine that information with other information they already have about you and deliver ads about Pinterest to you. about our marketing practices off Pinterest and how to opt-out.Tell our ad partners how their Pinterest ads are doing, and how to make them better. To do this, we disclose information about the ads you see or interact with on Pinterest to our advertisers and third-party companies to improve the performance of the ads that we or they use to audit or improve the delivery and performance of ads or content on websites and apps. Some of this information is aggregated. For example, we would report to an advertiser that a certain percentage of people who viewed a Pin went on to visit that advertiser's site. Depending on where you live and your settings, we may also disclose this information at an individual level. For example, we would let an advertiser know that a particular Pin has been saved by certain people. To find out more about reporting on ads please . Some of these activities may be considered “targeted advertising” “sharing” or “selling” as those terms are defined under certain state privacy laws in the US. You can opt out of Pinterest using and disclosing your information for these purposes. To do so, visit your . When we use cookies to learn about your behavior on or off of our services, we or our partners will obtain consent that we may need under applicable law. To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our . The below section only applies for residents in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK. Under applicable data protection law in the European Region (such as the GDPR), companies must have a legal justification to process your information for the various purposes described in this Privacy Policy. You also have particular rights available to you depending on which legal basis we use, and we’ve explained these below. We rely on our legitimate interests or those of a third party where they are not outweighed by your interests and fundamental rights. To show you content that’s relevant, interesting and personal to you, we: Identify you when you use our Services.Recommend Pins, boards, topics or content you might like based on your activity on our Services. For example, if you engage with cooking-related content on Pinterest, we may suggest food-related Pins and boards. Customize your Pinterest experience based on your offsite behavior. For example, if you visit websites that sell electric guitars, we may suggest guitar Pins to you. Legitimate interests relied on It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to receive a personalized, unique and relevant offering, as this is why users come to the Service. Information categories used Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)Content Location information Log data Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our Cookie Policy )Device information Usage data and inferencesUser choices Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners) To build your community on our Services, we: Suggest other people who have similar interests. For example, if you follow interior design boards, we may suggest interior designers that you might like.Help your friends and contacts find you on Pinterest. For example, if you sign up using a Facebook account, we can help your Facebook friends find you on Pinterest when they first sign up for Pinterest. Or people can search for your account on Pinterest using your email.If you choose to sync your contacts with your Pinterest account, we will access contacts stored on your device to help you find out if your contacts are on our Services. Legitimate interests relied on It is in our interest to help you make connections you may know in order to deliver a relevant and unique Service. Information categories used Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)ContentLocation information Your contacts Log dataInformation from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our Cookie Policy )Device information Usage data and inferencesUser choicesData from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners) To make and keep Pinterest safe, we: Work with law enforcement and keep Pinterest safe. We may get requests for account information from law enforcement authorities like the police or courts. To find out more about how we respond to law enforcement requests, please see our Law Enforcement Guidelines .Analyze users’ log data and device information to identify and investigate suspicious behavior or violation of our policies or Terms. Review your activity and messages on our Services to detect spam or activity that poses a risk to the safety of you, our community and/or members of the public. Legitimate interests relied on It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to secure Pinterest systems and fight spam, threats, abuse or infringement activities and promote safety and security on Pinterest. It is also in our interest and the interests of other users to ensure our Services are used in accordance with our Terms. Information categories used The actual information used depends on the factual circumstances, but could include any of the following: Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)Content Location information Your communications with usLog data Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our Cookie Policy )Device information Usage data and inferencesUser choices Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners) To improve, innovate and develop our Services, we: Conduct analytics and research on who is using Pinterest and what they are doing. For example, by logging how often people use two different versions of a feature on Pinterest, we can understand which version is better.Improve the products and services of our family of companies and offer new features. For example, using information to train, develop, and improve our technology such as our machine learning models. Some of this information may be aggregated or de-identified. Legitimate interests relied on It is in our interest and the interests of Pinterest’s users that we improve, promote and develop the Service in an informed way. Information categories used Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)Content Location information Your communications with usLog data Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our Cookie Policy )Device information Usage data and inferencesUser choices Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners) To seek legal advice or protect Pinterest in litigation or other disputes, we: Preserve and share information when we seek legal advice or seek to protect ourselves in the context of litigation and other disputes. This includes violations of our Terms and policies. Legitimate interests relied on It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to respond to complaints, prevent and address fraud, unauthorized use of Pinterest, violations of our Terms and policies, or other harmful or illegal activity.It is in our interest to seek legal advice and protect ourselves (including our rights, personnel, property or products), our users or others, including as part of investigations or regulatory inquiries and litigation or other disputes. Information categories used The actual information used depends on the factual circumstances, but could include any of the following: Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)Content Location information Your communications with usLog data Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our Cookie Policy )Device information Usage data and inferencesUser choices Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners) To communicate with you, we: Respond to your questions or comments.Send you updates (such as when certain activity, like saves or comments, happens on Pinterest) and news by email or push notification, depending on your settings. For example, we send weekly updates that include Pins you may like.Depending on where you live, this may be marketing and in certain cases we will obtain your consent. You can decide to stop getting these notifications by updating your settings . Legitimate interests relied on It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to continuously improve and develop the customer support we provide. It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to learn of new features and elements that may be of interest to them. Information categories used Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)Content Location information Your communications with usLog data Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our Cookie Policy )Device information Usage data and inferencesUser choices Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners) To deliver advertising that is relevant, interesting, and personal on our Services, we: Decide which ads to show you based on information on our Services. For example, if you show an interest in camping tents on Pinterest, we may show you ads for other outdoor products. Legitimate interests relied on It is in our interest and in the interest of Pinterest users to receive relevant and interesting adverts for products or services they are interested in, as opposed to receiving randomized and generic ads which they may have no interest in. This is also the primary funding of the service and allows users to continue enjoying the service free-of-charge and allows Pinterest to generate revenue. Information categories used Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)Content Location information Your communications with usLog data Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our Cookie Policy )Device information Usage data and inferencesUser choices Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners) To provide measurement and ad analytics we: Use aggregated information from our measurement providers to tell our ad partners how their Pinterest ads are performing, and how to make them better. For example, we would report to an advertiser that a certain percentage of people who viewed a Pin went on to visit that advertiser's site. To find out more about reporting on ads please visit the Help Center . Legitimate interests relied on It is in our interest to enable business accounts and advertisers to view and understand how their ads or content performed and the audience that viewed or interacted with their ads or content. This is so that they can make informed decisions (such as what kinds of ad campaigns they may want to run, the type of audience they want to reach and the types of content that users enjoy the most). This is also in the interest of other users as this helps keep the advertising and other content we show users relevant and entertaining, and keeps the Service free for all users. Information categories used Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)Content Location information Log data Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our Cookie Policy )Device information Usage data and inferencesData from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners) To deliver ads, off Pinterest, that are relevant, interesting and personal to you about Pinterest, we: Advertise Pinterest products and services to you on other sites. To do this, we disclose information such as cookie IDs, your IP address, and a hashed version of your email address to services we use to market Pinterest to you on sites and apps other than Pinterest, such as Facebook Ads, Google Marketing Platform, and others. Legitimate interests relied on We have a legitimate interest in delivering ads that are relevant, interesting and personal to you in order to generate revenue. Information categories used Account information (excluding race or ethnicity)Content Location information Log data Information from cookie data and similar technologies (To find out more about how we use cookies, please see our Cookie Policy )Device information Usage data and inferencesUser choices Data from other sources (third party platforms; technical service partners; advertisers and other partners) Why and how we use your info To comply with legal and regulatory obligations Accessing, storing, preserving, or sharing information when doing so in response to a court order, search warrant, production order, subpoena or similar legal request. Accessing, storing, preserving, or sharing information when we think it is reasonably necessary to comply with legal or regulatory obligations, including sharing with law enforcement or other authorities. To deal with and resolve requests and complaints.We retain correspondence relating to data subject requests under GDPR for two years, in case those requests are not resolved and this correspondence is required in order to handle any resulting complaints. In such cases, the correspondence is then retained while those complaints are being resolved. Examples of laws that can require us to process information in the above way include: Regulatory matters: to comply with regulatory obligations like under privacy laws (GDPR).Civil, commercial, criminal, or consumer protection matters: where we are in receipt of a court order to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings or regulatory inquiries (e.g. orders or mandatory requests under the Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014, GDPR).Corporate and taxation matters: obligations such as the Irish Companies Act 2014 and the Taxes Consolidation Act 1997. Issues relating to the safety of our Service and to protect rights, property and users We keep information where it is necessary to investigate misuse of our Services, such as spam and other bad experiences. If we disable an account for violating our Terms, we also preserve information about that user for safety, security and integrity purposes. Information categories used Any of the categories of information listed in “ We Collect Information in a few different ways ” except for Precise location information (which we don’t collect from users in EEA, Switzerland, or the UK). How and why we use your info Where you have given us consent (for example through your device settings): Allowing searching with photos. For example, if you take a photo of a pair of shoes or a piece of furniture you like, you can ask us to show you similar items. You can opt in to this in your device operating system settings.Ads on Pinterest based on offsite activities. We customize the ad content we show you by identifying your interests based on your offsite activities, as well as by using information we receive from ad partners or other third parties. Where ad partners or other third parties share information with us about you, we rely on the consent they have already obtained. Lead ads. If you submit information via a lead ad form (for example, to sign up for an advertiser’s mailing list or for a consultation), we will share that information with the advertiser as described on the form.Promotion of Creators. If you choose to provide race or ethnicity information we will use it to promote you as a Creator, for example during Black History Month, or reach out to you about events. Information categories used Any of the categories of information listed in “ We Collect Information in a few different ways ” except for Precise location information (which we don’t collect from users in EEA, Switzerland, or the UK). Where we rely on consent, you can withdraw that consent at any time. We offer you certain choices to control your data. Depending on where you live (e.g., EEA, Switzerland, UK, US), these choices may also be privacy rights you have under local law. To exercise these rights, please visit your and, if you still need help, our . Access : You can request access to the information we collect and hold about you, including sometimes in a portable format. You can find more information about this . Correction/rectification : You can correct your information by updating information in your profile. Deletion/erasure : You can have your information deleted. In your settings, select “Delete your data and account” and follow the instructions. Opt out of “targeted advertising” “sharing” or “sale” : As explained above some of our activities may constitute “targeted advertising,” “sharing,” or “selling” as those terms are defined under certain state privacy laws in the US. You may opt out at any time by following the instructions in your Privacy and Data Settings menu. Note that you will still see ads on our Services, but they will not be informed by offsite data. If you live in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, you also have some additional rights: Right to object or restrict processing : You can object to direct marketing from us or where we rely on legitimate interests to process your information. You can object through this form . Right to withdraw consent : Where we rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your data, you can withdraw your consent at any stage. The lawfulness of Pinterest’s processing before you withdraw your consent will not be affected by such withdrawal. Right to portability : You can have the information you provided to us sent to another organization, where we hold this information with your consent or for the performance of a contract with you, and, where it's technically feasible for us to do so.Right to lodge a complaint : If you reside in the EEA, Switzerland, and UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority of your country. In the UK, the relevant data protection authority is the Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF, +44 (0303) 123 1113, email: casework@ico.org.uk. In Ireland, the relevant data protection authority is the Data Protection Commission, 21 Fitzwilliam Square South, Dublin 2, D02 RD28, +353 017650100 / + 353 1800437737, email: info@dataprotection.ie or by using the following online form: Forms for Data Protection . We will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise your rights or options related to your personal information. These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, where they would infringe the rights of a third party (including our rights) or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interest to keep. If we deny your request to exercise your rights, you may have the right to appeal our decision by contacting us using privacy-support@pinterest.com . You have choices regarding your information on Pinterest. If you have a Pinterest account, many of these controls are built directly into Pinterest or your settings. For example, you can: , from other services (like Facebook or Google), , and . We also support settings such as Limit Ad Tracking in iOS and Ads Personalization in Android devices. You may also have choices available to you through the device or software you use to access Pinterest. For example: The browser you use may let you control cookies or other types of local data storage.Your mobile device lets you choose how and whether your precise location, photos, and other data is shared with us. Anyone can see the public content you post, such as boards and Pins you create and public profile information you give us. Depending on where you live, we also make this public information available through what are called APIs (a technical way to share information quickly). For example, a partner can study what their most popular Pins are or how their Pins are being shared on Pinterest by using a Pinterest API. We also share the categories of information described above: With other services, at your direction. For example, when you decide to to third party services, or when you publish your content on Pinterest to such services, you direct disclosure of certain information to those services. Creators may direct us to share information with advertisers or other partners for paid engagements.We share data for advertising and related purposes, including showing you ads about Pinterest on third-party services and helping advertisers understand how ads on Pinterest perform. When you fill out a lead ad form, we’ll share this information with the advertiser as described in the form. With vendors that we employ to process information on our behalf based on our instructions and for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we share data with security consultants to help us get better at identifying spam. Some information we acquire may be collected by vendors on our behalf.With law enforcement agencies, government agencies, or other parties in compliance with the law. For example, we may get requests for account information from law enforcement authorities like the police or courts. We only disclose information in response to such requests if we believe that disclosure is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety, rights, or property of the public, any person, or Pinterest; or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues. To find out more about how we respond to law enforcement requests, please see our . With our corporate family of companies, including wholly-owned subsidiaries and affiliates. If we were to engage in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, or similar transaction or proceeding that involves the transfer of the information described in this Privacy Policy, we would share your information with a party involved in such a process (for example, a potential purchaser). Pinterest is a worldwide service. By using our products or services, you authorize us to transfer and store your information outside your home country, including in the United States, for the purposes described in this policy. The privacy protections and the rights of authorities to access your personal information in such countries may not be equivalent to those of your home country. If you live in the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK, we take additional steps related to data transfers.Information controlled by Pinterest Europe Limited will be transferred or transmitted to, or stored and processed in, the United States or other countries outside of where you live for the purposes as described in this policy. Please note these data transfers are necessary to provide the services set forth in our Terms and to operate globally. Because Pinterest is a worldwide service, we may transfer the personal data of EEA, Switzerland, and UK residents to a country outside the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK. Where we transfer information from the EEA, Switzerland, or the UK to a country that doesn't provide an adequate level of protection, we’ll only do so under appropriate safeguards to protect your information. Safeguards which we rely on in ensuring your information benefits from an adequate level of protection includes the following: Adequacy decisions. These are decisions issued from the European Commission under Article 45 GDPR (or equivalent decisions under other laws) where they recognise that a country offers an adequate level of data protection. We transfer your information as described in “ How we use the info we collect ” to some countries with such adequacy decisions, such as the countries listed here ; or Standard contractual clauses (“ SCCs ”). The European Commission has approved contractual clauses under Article 46 of the GDPR that allows companies in the EEA to transfer data outside the EEA. These (and their approved equivalent for the UK and Switzerland) are called standard contractual clauses. We rely on standard contractual clauses to transfer information as described in “ How we use the info we collect ” to certain entities in our family of companies and third parties in countries without an adequacy decision. While transfers to countries that don’t have an adequacy decision typically take place on the basis of SCCs, in certain circumstances, transfers can also take place on the basis of exemptions provided under data protection law. For example, sharing with law enforcement, in emergency situations where we learn that a person’s life is at risk. We also identify and use additional protections as appropriate for each data transfer. For example, we use: technical protections, such as encryption and pseudonymisation; and policies and processes to challenge disproportionate or unlawful government authority requests. For a copy of these adequacy decisions or SCCs, please contact us via the details provided in the Contact us section below. We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide Pinterest to you and fulfill the purposes described in this policy. When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we’ll either remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we can't use it to identify you. If you live in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, here is some further information on our retention practices: We keep your information only so long as necessary for the purposes identified in this Privacy Policy, which include providing our Service, or for other legitimate purposes, such as complying with legal obligations, enforcing and preventing violations of our Terms, to fight spam, or protecting or defending our rights, property and users. The storage periods are determined on a case-by-case basis. We keep account information, like your name, email address, and password, for as long as your account is in existence because we need it to operate your account. Children under 13 are not allowed to use Pinterest. If you are based in a state or country with an older age requirement, you may only use the Services if you are at or over the age at which you can provide consent to data processing. Please visit the for more information. We may change this policy from time to time and if we do, we’ll post any changes on this page. If you continue to use Pinterest after those changes are in effect, the new policy applies to you. If the changes are significant, we may provide a more prominent notice, such as by sending you an email. The best way to get in touch with us or to exercise your options described above is through the . If you live in the United States, Pinterest, Inc. is responsible for your information. You can contact Pinterest Inc. at 651 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. You can also contact our . Effective Date August 1, 2023 Cookie preferences Manage your privacyEssential cookies Manage your privacy You can change your cookie preferences at any time. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change your default settings. Cookie policy Essential cookies Helps provide the basics. These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. Essential cookies provide you with services available through the site.For example, cookies that keep you logged in as you scroll through Pinterest are essential. Back Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy Policy update We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we update the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy and posting the new Privacy Policy or providing any other notice required by applicable law. Your continued access to or use of the Platform after the date of the updated policy constitutes your acceptance of the updated policy. If you do not agree to the updated policy, you must stop accessing or using the Platform. Contact If you have questions, comments, complaints or requests regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy Please also see the supplemental terms below on whether a local representative or local contact is available for your country. We will endeavour to deal with your request as soon as possible. This is without prejudice to your right to make a complaint with a relevant data protection authority, where applicable. Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific In the event of a conflict between the provisions of the Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific that are relevant to your jurisdiction from which you access or use the services, and the rest of policy, the relevant jurisdictions’ Supplemental Terms – Jurisdiction-Specific will supersede and control. Argentina If you are using our services in Argentina, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this Policy, the following terms shall prevail. Your rights and options According to Law No. 25,326, Regulatory Decree No. 1558/2001 and the provisions and/or binding resolutions issued by the Agency for Access to Public Information ("AAIP"), you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: access, rectification and deletion regarding data protection. You can exercise your rights by sending your request to https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy free of charge. We encourage you to contact us if you are not satisfied with how we have responded to any of your rights requests. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the AAIP. You can contact AAIP through the site: https://www.argentina.gob.ar/aaip/datospersonales/derechos . Australia If you are using the Platform in Australia, the following additional terms shall apply. Certain entities in our corporate group, located outside of Australia, are given limited remote access to your information so that they can provide certain functions, as described in the section on " How we share your information ". Please see here for further information on the countries in which our corporate group entities which receive personal information from Australia are located. Brazil If you are using the Platform in Brazil, the following additional terms apply. If any conflict arises between the main Privacy Policy and the additional terms, the following terms shall prevail: Exercise of data protection rights. Brazilian law provides certain rights to individuals with regard to their personal data. Thus, we seek to ensure transparency and access controls in order to allow users to benefit from the mentioned rights. We will respond and/or fulfill your requests for the exercise of your rights below, according to the applicable law and when applicable, to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law - LGPD: I. confirmation of whether your data are being processed; II. access to your data; III. correction of incomplete, inaccurate or outdated data; IV. anonymization, blocking or erasure of data; V. portability of personal data to a third party; VI. object to the processing of personal data; VII. information of public and private entities with which we shared data; VIII. information about the possibility to refuse providing personal data and the respective consequences, when applicable; IX. withdrawal of your consent. X. request a review of decisions made solely based on automated processing of personal data affecting your interests, including decisions made to define your personal, professional, consumer or credit profile, or aspects of your personality. We encourage you to contact us if you are not satisfied with how we have responded to any of your rights requests. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Brazilian Data Protection Authority (ANPD). Verifying your identity : For your safety and to allow us to make sure that we do not disclose any of your personal data to unauthorized third parties, in order to verify your identity and guarantee the adequate exercise of your rights, we may request specific information and/or documents from you before we can properly respond to a request received concerning your data.All data and documents received from you in the process of responding to your requests will be used for the strict purposes of analyzing your request, authenticating your identity, and finally responding to your request. Limitations to your rights : In certain situations, we may have legitimate reasons not to comply with some of your requests. For instance, we may choose not to disclose certain information to you when a disclosure could adversely impact our business whenever there is a risk of violation to our trade secrets or intellectual property rights. In addition, we may refrain from complying with a request for erasure when the maintenance of your data is required for complying with legal or regulatory obligations or when such maintenance is required to protect our rights and interests in case a dispute arises. Whenever this is the case and we are unable to comply with a request you make, we will let you know the reasons why we cannot fulfill your request. Contact: In case of doubt about your privacy, your rights or how to exercise them, please contact us through the form "Contact". If you have any questions about the processing of your personal data, we would like to clarify them. DPO: If you wish to reach the TikTok’s Data Protection Officer, contact us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/DPO Access Logs . We keep your application access logs, under confidentiality, in a controlled and safe environment for at least 6 months, in order to comply with legal obligations. Language . The Policy may have been prepared in the English language and in the Portuguese language. If you are a user located in Brazil, you shall refer to the Portuguese version, which shall prevail. International Transfers. International data transfers are necessary for us to provide our services. If you are located in Brazil, we will always rely on one of the international data transfer mechanisms under applicable data protection laws and regulations. Canada If you are using the Platform in Canada, the following additional terms apply. Your Rights . Subject to limited exceptions under applicable law, you have the right to access, update, rectify and correct inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody and control and to withdraw your consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. To exercise these rights, you may contact us using the contact information set out below. We may require certain personal information for the purpose of verifying the identity of the individual making the request. Your Choices . You can unsubscribe from our marketing emails at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link included at the bottom of each email we send. You can also adjust your preferences regarding certain types of personalized advertising by using the Ads tools in Settings. Transfer Outside Your Jurisdiction . We and our service providers (including members, subsidiaries, or affiliates of our corporate group) may access, store and otherwise process personal information outside of Canada (and, for residents of Quebec, outside of Quebec), including in the United States, Malaysia, Singapore, and other foreign jurisdictions where we or our service providers are located. For information about the manner in which we or our service providers (including service providers outside Canada) process personal data, please contact us using the contact information set out below. Contact . If you are a resident of Canada, you can contact our Privacy Office at https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/Privacy-Office-Canada Egypt If you are using our services in Egypt, the following additional terms apply. You declare that you are over the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please have your parent or legal guardian read this with you. If you are reviewing these terms as the parent/legal guardian of a user who is under the age of 18, you hereby declare that such user is above the age of 13 and that you have read and acknowledged TikTok's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and agree to the use by your child of the Platform and registration for an account. India If you are using our services in India, the Platform is provided and controlled by ByteDance (India) Technology Private Limited. TikTok is our brand for providing and promoting the services. When using these services from India, please accordingly read “TikTok”, “we” or “us” in this policy to refer to Bytedance (India) Technology India Private Limited. Indonesia If you are using our services in Indonesia, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall apply. Age, Parental and Guardian Consent. By accessing and/or using this Platform, you represent that you are at least 21 years of age or married or not under guardianship.If you are below 21 years old and you are not married, or under guardianship: you must obtain approval from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s); andyour parent(s) or legal guardian(s) are responsible for: (i) all your actions in connection with your access to and use of the Platform; (ii) your compliance with this policy; and (iii) ensuring that any of your participation in the Platform will not, in any event, result in any violation of applicable laws and regulations relating to child protections. If you do not have consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) and your parent(s) or guardian(s) is not willing to open the account under their name, you must cease accessing the Platform. Your Choices . You may withdraw your consent to TikTok's disclosure of personal data to third parties. Upon your request, we will cease to display, publish, transmit, disseminate, and/or open the access to your personal data to third parties. Please note that by withdrawing your consent to the disclosure and/or collection of your personal data, we may not be able to fulfill your requests and you may not be able to use some of TikTok features and functionality. You may request TikTok to (i) disclose the history of personal data that we have collected; and/or (ii) erase and dispose of your personal data that we have collected on our server. Please note that by requesting us to erase and dispose of your personal data, you may not be able to use some of TikTok’s features and functionality. To exercise any of your rights, contact us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy . Notification. In the event of any breach of personal data, we will notify you and provide you with information regarding such breach of personal data. Data retention . We retain your information for as long as it is necessary to provide you with the service. Where we do not need your information in order to provide the service to you, we retain it only for so long as we have a legitimate business purpose in keeping such data. However, there are occasions where we are likely to keep this data for five (5) years (or longer if required) in accordance with our legal obligations or where it is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. After you have terminated your use of our Platform and the five (5) years retention period has lapsed, we store your information in an aggregated and anonymised format. Non-personally identifiable information may be retained indefinitely for analytics. Israel If you are using our services in Israel, the following additional terms apply. You declare that you are over the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please have your parent or legal guardian read this with you. If you are reviewing these terms as the parent/legal guardian of a user who is under the age of 18, you hereby declare that such user is above the age of 13 and that you have read and acknowledged TikTok's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and agree to the use by your child of the Platform and registration for an account. Japan If you are using our services in Japan, please refer to our Japanese language Privacy Policy for further information on our compliance with the Telecommunications Business Act. Mexico If you are using our services in Mexico, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall prevail. How we use your personal data. Almost all purposes of processing stated in this section of the main Privacy Policy are necessary purposes. However, the following are secondary purposes: Provide you with personalized advertising. The above purposes are not necessary for us to provide the Platform but allows us to provide you with a better experience. We offer you the possibility to take decisions regarding how we use and disclose your personal data. You can always limit the secondary purposes of personalised advertising by using the tools in Settings that allow you to limit certain functions. We use both human and automated means to process your data. How we share your personal data. We may share your personal data to a third party for purposes other than processing on behalf of us. We will obtain your consent for such sharing as required by applicable laws. By providing us with your personal data and using our Platform you agree to the transfers that require your consent. You can always revoke your consent and exercise your rights, as stated below. Your Rights. You have the following rights with respect to your personal data: access, rectification, cancellation, opposition, consent withdrawal, limitation to the use and disclosure of your data. You can exercise your rights by sending your request to https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy . To know more about the applicable requirements and procedure to exercise your rights, contact us to the mentioned email address.If you are under 18 years, you may exercise your rights through a parent or guardian. Your rights requests will be resolved as soon as possible according to the nature of your request. Information relating to children. You may review our parental consent section in the Terms of Service. Philippines If you are using our services in the Philippines, the following additional terms shall apply pursuant to the relevant laws, rules and regulations and issuances by the Philippines National Privacy Commission (“NPC”) on data privacy. Your Rights. To the extent that the relevant laws, rules and regulations on data privacy recognize your rights and freedoms as data subjects, you shall have the right to information, object, access, rectification, erasure or blocking, lodge complaints before the NPC, damages and data portability. Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details. Russia What are legal grounds for data processing. When we process your personal data, we rely on the grounds of your consent, performance of a contract, our legitimate interest and obligations to process personal data, or when we are so required by law. By signing up and using the Platform, you consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Where we store your personal data. Your personal data may be transferred from Russia to Singapore and stored in that location, outside of the country where you live. Public profiles. We rely on your consent to public distribution of personal data, when your account settings are 'Public Profile'. You can change your profile to private by changing your settings to 'Private Account' in “Manage my account” settings. South Africa If you are using our services in South Africa, the following additional terms apply. You declare that you are over the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please have your parent or legal guardian read this with you. If you are reviewing these terms as the parent/legal guardian of a user who is under the age of 18, you hereby declare that such user is above the age of 13 and that you have read and acknowledged TikTok's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and agree to the use by your child of the Platform and registration for an account. South Korea If you are using our services in South Korea, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall prevail. How we share your personal data . In addition to the main text of this policy, in the event we use information such as user-generated content and video content on our Platform as part of our advertising and marketing campaigns to promote the Platform, your personal data contained in such information may be disclosed to the recipients of such advertising or marketing content. Customized Ads . We may from time to time provide customized ads on our Platform to provide you our Platform for free. Data retention . We destroy personal data whose purpose of collection as consented to by you have been achieved, or whose periods of and use to which you consented to or which were provided in this privacy policy have expired; provided, however, we will continue to store your personal data for the following statutorily-prescribed periods, where applicable, including, but not limited to: Act on Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce . Records on your cancellation of an order, your payment on a purchased item, and our supply of a good/service: 5 years; Records on the handling of consumer complaints or disputes: 3 years; Records on advertisements and labels: 6 months. Protection of Communications Secrets Act . Records on your visits to our website: 3 months Destruction of Personal data . We destroy your personal data in a manner that renders it unrestorable by the relevant department. Data rights . You have the right to access personal data we hold about you, to rectify any personal data held about you that is inaccurate, to request the deletion of personal data held about you, and the right to request the suspension of the processing of your personal data. You can exercise your rights by contacting us at https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy. Data Security . We work hard to protect TikTok and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold. To this end, we have in place technical, managerial and physical safeguards, including internal policy for data protection, limiting the access to personal data on a need-to-know basis and controlling access to the facilities where personal data is processed. Information Relating to Children . TikTok is not directed at children under the age of 14. Entrustment and/or Overseas Transfer of Personal Data .We entrust your data to our affiliates, cloud storage providers, IT service providers, and data centers, some of whom are located abroad (See the Korean language Privacy Policy ), subject to your consents or notifications to you, if applicable. The entities receiving and processing your data are committed to using and storing personal data in compliance with domestic and international regulations and to taking all available physical and technical measures to protect personal data. You may opt-out of such transfer so long as the transfer is not necessary to provide you with the Service, by contacting us here . Local representative pursuant to the Personal Information Protection Act. Please send your inquiries concerning privacy issues in South Korea to our local representative pursuant to the Personal Information Protection Act. Contact details are as follows. Bae, Kim and Lee LLC Representative: Yangho Oh Address: Tower B, Centropolis, 26 Ujeongguk-ro Jongno-gu, Seoul 03161, Korea Phone: +82-2-3404-0108 Email: privacytiktok@bkl.co.kr Local representative pursuant to the Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection, Etc.. Bae, Kim and Lee LLC Representative: Yangho Oh Address: Tower B, Centropolis, 26 Ujeongguk-ro Jongno-gu, Seoul 03161, Korea Phone: +82-2-3404-0108 Email: tiktok.kr.itnetwork@bkl.co.kr Türkiye If you are using our services in Turkiye, the following additional terms apply along with the contents of the foregoing Policy. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall prevail. Data Controller Representative. You may contact our data controller representative in Turkiye by email or mail to handle questions and complaints in connection with the processing of your personal data if you are in Turkiye. ESİN ATTORNEY PARTNERSHIP tiktok@esin.av.tr AKAT MAHALLESİ GÜL SOKAK NO: 2/1 34335 BEŞİKTAŞ/İSTANBUL, TÜRKİYE Methods of collection, processing purposes of, and legal bases for, processing your personal data . Please refer to our Privacy Policy (in Turkish) and its Addendum, for detailed information about personal data categories we process, our processing purposes and related legal bases for processing. Your rights. According to Article 11 of the Data Protection Law, you have the following rights with respect to your personal data: the right to learn whether we process your personal data,the right to request information with regard to such processing, if we process your personal data,the right to learn the purposes of the processing and whether they are used for such purpose or not;the right to know the third parties within or outside the country, to whom we transfer your personal data,the right to request correction of incomplete or inaccurate personal data,the right to request deletion or destruction of your personal data under the conditions set forth in Article 7 of the Data Protection Law, the right to request that we notify the third parties, to whom we transferred your personal data, about the correction, deletion and/or destruction of your personal data per your request within the scope of the foregoing two items,the right to object to the negative results about you that are due to the analysis of your personal data processed solely by automated means,the right to claim indemnification for damages incurred due to illegal processing of your personal data. You may exercise your rights listed above by contacting us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy . The requests found in your application will be resolved as soon as possible according to the nature of your request and within thirty days at the latest free of charge. However, if your request incurs additional cost to our company, then you may be charged over the tariff fee determined by the Turkish Personal Data Protection Board. Cookies . Please refer to our Turkish Privacy Policy for further information on our use of cookies on our website. Amendments. The following sections of the Policy do not apply to individuals in Turkiye: The following sentence at the end of the second paragraph of the introduction section: If you do not agree with this policy, please do not use this Platform. Language. This policy is available in English and Turkish. If there is any inconsistency or different interpretation between the English and Turkish versions, the Turkish text shall prevail. United Arab Emirates If you are using the Platform in the United Arab Emirates (“UAE”), the following additional terms apply.If any conflict arises between the main Privacy Policy and the additional terms, the following terms shall prevail: How we share your personal data In addition to the main text of this policy, by using the Platform in the UAE you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to our sharing of your personal data in line with the main text of this Privacy Policy. Governing law and dispute resolution By using our Platform in the UAE, this Privacy Policy will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the UAE. In the event of a dispute arising between the parties in connection with this Privacy Policy: where the dispute relates to a claim for a sum within the limits specified by the DIFC Small Claims Tribunal from time to time, then the dispute shall be referred by either party to the said Tribunal; andfor all other disputes, the parties shall seek settlement of that dispute by mediation in accordance with the Mediation Rules of the DIFC-LCIA Arbitration Centre, which Rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference to this clause. If the dispute is not settled by mediation within 30 days of the commencement of the mediation, or such further period as the parties shall agree in writing, the dispute shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under the Arbitration Rules of the DIFC-LCIA Arbitration Centre, which Rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference to this clause. The language to be used in the mediation and in the arbitration, shall be English. In any arbitration commenced pursuant to this clause the number of arbitrators shall be one and the arbitration shall be conducted in Dubai. Vietnam If you are using our services in Vietnam, the following additional terms apply. In the event of any conflict between the following additional terms and the provisions of the main body of this policy, the following terms shall prevail. Methods of processing your personal data . We may process your personal data by manual or automated methods. Data subject's rights and obligations. Subject to certain exceptions, you have statutory rights and obligations under applicable laws. In particular, you have the following statutory rights: Right to know;Right to consent and withdraw consent;Right to access;Right to delete data;Right to restrict data processing;Right to be provided with data;Right to object data processing;Right to complain, denounce or initiate lawsuits;Right to claim for damages; andRight to self-protection. You may exercise these rights by contacting us through the details in the Contact section, and we will respond to your requests regardless of the location in which your data is stored. You have the following statutory obligations: Protect your own personal data;Request other relevant organizations and individuals to protect your personal data;Respect and protect personal data of others;Provide complete and accurate personal data upon giving consent to the processing of your personal data; andOther obligations under applicable laws. Age, Parental and Guardian Consent. If you are below 16 years old or under guardianship: you must obtain approval from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s); andyour parent(s) or legal guardian(s) are responsible for: (i) all your actions in connection with your access to and use of the Platform; (ii) your compliance with this policy; and (iii) ensuring that any of your participation in the Platform will not, in any event, result in any violation of applicable laws and regulations relating to child protections. If you do not have consent from your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) and your parent(s) or legal guardian(s) is not willing to open the account under their name, you must cease accessing the Platform if you are not at least 16 years of age. Company Programs Resources LegalPrivacy & Terms Privacy Policy Google Privacy Policy When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information. Privacy Checkup Looking to change your privacy settings? Contents We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include: Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google HomePlatforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating systemProducts that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like Chrome Incognito mode. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control what we collect and how your information is used. To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for key terms . And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us . Information Google collects We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful , the people who matter most to you online , or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls. When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity. When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as personal information . Things you create or provide to us When you create a Google Account, you provide us with personal information that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a phone number or payment information to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services. We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services. This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos. Information we collect as you use our services Your apps, browsers & devices We collect information about the apps, browsers, and devices you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low. The information we collect includes unique identifiers , browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including IP address , crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your request. We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an Android device with Google apps , your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your device type and carrier name , crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings, other information about how you’re using your Android device . Your activity We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like.The activity information we collect may include: Terms you search forVideos you watchPurchase activityPeople with whom you communicate or share contentActivity on third-party sites and apps that use our servicesChrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account If you use our services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages , we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages. You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account. Your location information We collect information about your location when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your general location. Your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by: GPS and other sensor data from your device Activity on Google services, such as your searches and places you label like home or work Information about things near your device , such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can turn your Android device’s location on or off using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on Location History if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about how we use location information . In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources . For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse . We also receive information from advertising partners to provide advertising and research services on their behalf . We use various technologies to collect and store information, including cookies , pixel tags , local storage, such as browser web storage or application data caches , databases, and server logs . Why Google collects data We use data to build better services We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes: Provide our services We use your information to deliver our services , like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts. Maintain & improve our services We also use your information to ensure our services are working as intended , such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to make improvements to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services. Develop new services We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Provide personalized services, including content and ads We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results . For example, Security Checkup provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like. Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalized ads based on your interests. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . We don’t show you personalized ads based on sensitive categories , such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to.For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop. Measure performance We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to link information about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services. Communicate with you We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing. Protect Google, our users, and the public We use information to help improve the safety and reliability of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public . We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use algorithms to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate. We may combine the information we collect among our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google. If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example. We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy. Your privacy controls You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the Privacy Checkup , which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our Product Privacy Guide . Managing, reviewing, and updating your information When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google. We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your Google Account includes: Privacy controls Activity Controls Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services , such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services. Ad settings Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.About you Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services. Shared endorsements Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads. Sites and apps that use Google services Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services. Ways to review & update your information My Activity My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity. Google Dashboard Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Your personal information Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number. When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including: Signed-out search personalization: Choose whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.YouTube settings: Pause and delete your YouTube Search History and your YouTube Watch History . Ad Settings: Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Exporting, removing & deleting your information You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Inactive Account Manager allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account. And finally, you can also request to remove content from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies. There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including: Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a cookie in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services rely on cookies to function properly , for things like remembering your language preferences.Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can modify location settings on your Android device. Sharing your information When you share your information Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search. When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting . When Google shares your information We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases: With your consent We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you use Google Home to make a reservation through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to review and manage third party apps and sites you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any sensitive personal information . With domain administrators If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your domain administrator and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account.They may be able to: Access and retain information stored in your account, like your emailView statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you installChange your account passwordSuspend or terminate your account accessReceive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental requestRestrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings For external processing We provide personal information to our affiliates and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies. For legal reasons We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to: Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request . We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report .Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues. Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users , or the public as required or permitted by law. We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. We also allow specific partners to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies. If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy. Keeping your information secure We build security into our services to protect your information All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected. We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including: We use encryption to keep your data private while in transitWe offer a range of security features, like Safe Browsing , Security Checkup, and 2 Step Verification to help you protect your accountWe review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations. Exporting & deleting your information You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Retaining your information We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings: Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your personal info or the content you create or upload, like photos and documents . You can also delete activity information saved in your account, or choose to have it deleted automatically after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as advertising data in server logs.We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping. When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems. You can read more about Google’s data retention periods , including how long it takes us to delete your information. Compliance & cooperation with regulators We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it. Data transfers We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data. When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly. U.S. state law requirements Some U.S. state privacy laws require specific disclosures. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how Google handles your information: We explain the categories of information Google collects and the sources of that information in Information Google collects .We explain the purposes for which Google collects and uses information in Why Google collects data .We explain when Google may disclose information in Sharing your information . Google does not sell your personal information. Google also does not “share” your personal information as that term is defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). We explain how Google retains information in Retaining your information . You can also learn more about how Google anonymizes data . As described there, when Google anonymizes data to protect your privacy, we maintain policies and technical measures to avoid re-identifying that information. U.S. state privacy laws also provide the right to request information about how Google collects, uses, and discloses your information. And they give you the right to access your information, sometimes in a portable format; correct your information; and to request that Google delete that information. Many of these laws also provide the right to opt out of certain forms of profiling and targeted advertising. They also provide the right to not be discriminated against for exercising these privacy rights. Finally, the CCPA treats certain kinds of information, like health data, as sensitive; when users provide this information, Google only uses it for purposes permitted by the CCPA, like to provide services that are requested and expected by our users. We describe the choices you have to manage your privacy and data across Google’s services in Your privacy controls . These tools allow you to access, review, update and delete your information, as well as export and download a copy of it. You can also control what information we use to show you ads, or turn off personalized ads, by visiting My Ad Center . When you use these tools, we’ll validate your request by verifying that you’re signed in to your Google Account. If you have questions or requests related to your rights under U.S. state privacy laws, you (or your authorized agent) can also contact Google . And if you disagree with the decision on your request, you can ask Google to reconsider it by responding to our email. We also provide more information on Google’s handling of CCPA requests. Some U.S. state privacy laws also require a description of data practices using specific categories. This table uses these categories to organize the information in this Privacy Policy. Categories of information we collect Identifiers and similar information such as your name and password, phone number, and address, as well as unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. Some Google services like YouTube Studio provide the option to submit a valid ID (such as a passport or driver’s license) to verify your identity to use additional features.Demographic information , such as your age , gender and language . If you choose to use optional features like YouTube Creator Demographics , you can also provide additional information, like your gender identity or race and ethnicity. Commercial information such as your payment information and a history of purchases you make on Google’s services. Biometric information if you choose to provide it, such as fingerprints in Google’s product development studies. Internet, network, and other activity information such as your search terms; views and interactions with content and ads; Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account; information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity); and activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in My Activity . Geolocation data , such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings. Depending on these settings, this may include precise location data , for example GPS data for Android features like navigation or finding your phone. Learn more about Google’s use of location information . Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information , such as voice and audio information . Communications data , such as emails, if you use our services to send and receive messages . Health information if you choose to provide it, such as your medical history, vital signs and health metrics (like blood glucose levels), and other similar information related to your physical or mental health, in the course of using Google services that offer health-related features, such as the Google Health Studies app . Professional, employment, and education information , such as information you provide or that is maintained through an organization using Google services at which you study or work. Other information you create or provide , such as the content you create, upload, or receive (like photos and videos or emails, docs and spreadsheets). Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Inferences drawn from the above, like your ads interest categories . Business purposes for which information may be used or disclosed Protecting against security threats, abuse, and illegal activity : Google uses and may disclose information to detect, prevent and respond to security incidents, and for protecting against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity. For example, to protect our services, Google may receive or disclose information about IP addresses that malicious actors have compromised. Auditing and measurement : Google uses information for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used, as well as to fulfill obligations to our partners like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. We may disclose non-personally identifiable information publicly and with these partners, including for auditing purposes. Maintaining our services : Google uses information to ensure our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting bugs and other issues that you report to us. Research and development : Google uses information to improve our services and to develop new products, features and technologies that benefit our users and the public. For example, we use publicly available information to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Use of service providers : Google shares information with service providers to perform services on our behalf, in compliance with our Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we may rely on service providers to help provide customer support. Advertising : Google processes information to provide advertising, including online identifiers, browsing and search activity, and information about your location and interactions with advertisements. This keeps Google’s services and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . Legal reasons : Google also uses information to satisfy applicable laws or regulations, and discloses information in response to legal process or enforceable government requests, including to law enforcement. We provide information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report . Parties with whom information may be disclosed Other people with whom you choose to share your information , like docs or photos, and videos or comments on YouTube. Third parties with your consent , such as services that integrate with Google’s services.You can review and manage third party apps and sites with access to data in your Google Account. Service providers , trusted businesses, or persons that process information on Google’s behalf, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Domain administrators , if you work or study at an organization that uses Google services. Law enforcement or other third parties , for the legal reasons described in Sharing your information . About this policy When this policy applies This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its affiliates , including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to: The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our servicesServices offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services Changes to this policy We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to archived versions for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). Related privacy practices Specific Google services The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services: If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the Google Cloud Privacy Notice . Other useful resources The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings. Your Google Account is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account Privacy Checkup guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account Google’s safety center helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online Google’s Teen Privacy Guide provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy Privacy & Terms provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service Technologies includes more information about:Technologies used for Advertising Key terms Affiliates An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the companies providing business services in the EU . Algorithm A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations. Application data cache An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content. Browser web storage Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5. Cookies A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about how Google uses cookies and how Google uses data, including cookies, when you use our partners' sites or apps . Device A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices. Google Account You may access some of our services by signing up for a Google Account and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.IP address Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Non-personally identifiable information This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user. Personal information This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account. Pixel tag A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies. Referrer URL A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited. Sensitive personal information This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality. Server logs Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this: is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet. is the date and time of the query. is the requested URL, including the search query. is the browser and operating system being used. is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device). Unique identifiers A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed. Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about how Google uses cookies . On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be managed in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services. Additional Context ads you’ll find most useful For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more about Google ads and why you may see particular ads . advertising and research services on their behalf For example, advertisers may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people. Android device with Google apps Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features.Learn more about Google Play Services . combine the information we collect Some examples of how we combine the information we collect include: When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos. Learn more If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know. Learn more The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based your activity. Learn more If you link your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone. Learn more customized search results For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can learn more here . You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can search and browse privately or turn off signed-out search personalization . deliver our services Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include: We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube videoWe use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google AccountPhotos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, animations, and other creations that you can share. Learn more A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your GmailWhen you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase. detect abuse When we detect spam, malware, illegal content, and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities. devices For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account. ensure and improve For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads. ensure our services are working as intended For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly. Information about things near your device If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services. Learn more legal process, or enforceable governmental request Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our Transparency Report . make improvements For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services.And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone. may link information Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic. Learn more our users For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights. Learn more . partner with Google There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Learn more payment information For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this. We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account. Learn more personalized ads You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads. Learn more phone number If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you. Learn more protect against abuse For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account). publicly accessible sources For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services. rely on cookies to function properly For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected. Learn more safety and reliability Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include: Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access. Learn more sensitive categories When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we require the same from advertisers that use our services. Sensor data from your device Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. servers around the world For example, we operate data centers located around the world to help keep our products continuously available for users.services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages Examples of these services include: Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemailGoogle Meet, for making and receiving video callsGmail, for sending and receiving emailsGoogle Chat, for sending and receiving messagesGoogle Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messagesGoogle Fi, for a phone plan show trends When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms. Learn more specific Google services For example, you can delete your blog from Blogger or a Google Site you own from Google Sites. You can also delete reviews you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store. specific partners For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings. Learn more about these partners and how they use your information. synced with your Google Account Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account. Learn more the people who matter most to you online For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you contact most frequently . the public For example, we process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices. third parties For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you. U.S. state privacy laws These laws include: California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA);Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA);Colorado Privacy Act (CPA);Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring (CTDPA); andUtah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) Views and interactions with content and ads For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears. Voice and audio information For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation. Learn more your activity on other sites and apps This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your account settings and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information. Learn more about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps. Change language: