Privacy & Security We’re proud to be your partner in security. See how these security essentials can help stop fraudsters in their tracks. Section Topics Get Started Fraud 9 Signs of Identity Theft Cybersecurity How Strong Passwords Can Help Protect Your Accounts Cybersecurity 10 Social Media Scams to Avoid Guides Cybersecurity Staying Safe in the Digital World Fraud Car Buying and Personal Loan Scams Fraud Debit and Credit Card Security Features featured content Security Features You’re automatically protected by 24/7 fraud monitoring, 2-step verification and our Zero Liability policy. Now, it’s time to set up your enhanced security features. More Resources More Resources Filter Filter Sub-Topic Fraud Cybersecurity Content Type Article Flashcards Listicle Guide Infographic Blog Video Article Learn the signs of common Zelle® scams and protect your accounts. Flashcards There’s a lot of confusion about how debit cards differ from credit cards and how they affect your personal finances. See how to clear up some debit card myths. Listicle Protect your Google Home™, Amazon Echo™ or other smart speaker from exploits and hacks with these security tips. Article Don’t let credit card fraud or theft spoil your vacation plans this summer – protect yourself! Guide Active Duty servicemembers, veterans and their families are at an increased risk of fraud and identity theft through these scams. Article Scammers are taking advantage of people through fraudulent wire transfers. Here’s how to avoid a scam when you move money. Guide Is your account secure? Follow these tips for safeguarding access to your many online and app accounts. Infographic From Instagram imposters to Facebook phishing, here are 10 scams to avoid when connecting on social media. Listicle Every 22 seconds, an American becomes a victim of identity fraud. Watch for warning signs to make sure you don’t fall prey. Back to Navy Federal Information Mission Statement Since 1933, Navy Federal Credit Union has grown from 7 members to over 12 million members. And, since that time, our vision statement has remained focused on serving our unique field of membership: "Be the most preferred and trusted financial institution serving the military and their families." About Navy Federal Member Support More Services 24/7 Member Services: 1-888-842-6328 Routing Number: 256074974 Navy Federal on FacebookNavy Federal on TwitterNavy Federal on YouTubeNavy Federal on InstagramNavy Federal on LinkedIn Policy & Disclaimers Navy Federal Credit Union © 2023 Navy Federal Credit Union. All rights reserved Equal Opportunity Employer Navy Federal conducts all member business in English. All origination, servicing, collections, and marketing materials are provided in English only. As a service to members, we will attempt to assist members who have limited English proficiency where possible. Military images are used for representational purposes only; do not imply government endorsement. Terms and conditions are applied to gift cards. APY = Annual Percentage Yield, APR = Annual Percentage Rate+Rates are based on an evaluation of credit history, so your rate may differ. *Message and data rates may apply. Terms and Conditions are available. ♦Terms and conditions are applied to gift cards. Navy Federal You are leaving a Navy Federal domain to go to: to You are leaving a Navy Federal domain to go to: Navy Federal does not provide, and is not responsible for, the product, service, overall website content, security, or privacy policies on any external third-party sites. The Navy Federal Credit Union privacy and security policies do not apply to the linked site. Please consult the site's policies for further information.Navy Federal Online Privacy Policy Date Last Updated : June 29, 2023 Effective Date : June 29, 2023 Introduction and Intention Navy Federal Credit Union, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Navy Federal”, “we”, “us” or “our”), strives to serve your needs and to protect your identity and any information we collect about you. Our Online Privacy Policy: covers your interaction with Navy Federal Credit Union, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and companies engaged by Navy Federal and its subsidiaries and affiliates to render services (“Service Providers”) when you use any mobile application or visit any website that we own, or visit other sites where we have indicated our policy expressly applies, including, but not limited to, our website (navyfederal.org) and our mobile apps (collectively, “Sites”);describes the categories of personal information that we may collect about you when you interact with or visit our Sites; discloses whether other parties may collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our Sites;discloses if we engage in the collection of your personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites;states how we may use information that we collect; describes the categories of other persons or entities with whom we may share your personal information;describes the way you can review and request changes to certain personal information that we collect; discloses how we may respond to web browser “do not track” signals or other opt-out mechanisms;states that we do not knowingly collect personal information of children under the age of 13 without the consent of their parent or legal guardian; links to a California-specific description of consumers’ privacy rights; anddescribes how we will inform you of important changes to our Privacy Policy. What Information Do We Collect? We take your privacy seriously and make the safeguarding of your personal information a priority. Learn more on our Digital Security page . We collect personal information in accordance with applicable law. If you seek, apply for, or obtain a financial product or service with us, we will use and share that information we collect from or about you in accordance with our Consumer Privacy Policy . We may also collect personal information when you use our Sites, products, and services. Personal information that we collect may include your name or other online identifier, home or other physical address, telephone number, email address, IP address, website interactions, geolocation, device identifier, keystrokes, the contents of your communications with us, and information from a consumer report about you. Additionally, use of the internet makes it possible for us or other parties to collect data about your online activities over time and across different websites, including when you use our Sites. In that regard, we use tracking technology on our Sites that collects analytics, records how you interact with our Sites, or allows us to participate in behavior-based targeted advertising. How Do We Use Information That We Collect? We may use your personal information to provide and improve our products and services; to process transactions and payments; to conduct analytics and research; to enhance your experience on our Sites; to help deliver our ads on your web browser; to measure advertising campaign effectiveness; to respond to your requests and communications; to manage your preferences; as required to meet legal and regulatory obligations; and for any other purposes that we may specifically disclose at the time we collect or you provide your information. We do not sell your personal information. In some circumstances, we may anonymize or deidentify your personal information so that it can no longer be associated with you, in which case we may use such information without further notice to you. To the extent we maintain and use personal information in an anonymized or deidentified form, we will not attempt to reidentify the information, except for the purpose of determining whether our anonymization/deidentification processes satisfy our legal obligations. With Whom Do We Share the Information We Collect? We may share the information we collect from you in the following circumstances: Affiliates and Acquisitions: We may share information with our corporate affiliates (e.g., subsidiaries or other companies under common control) to deliver our products and services to you and for other everyday business purposes in accordance with the practices set forth in our Consumer Privacy Policy . If another company acquires, or plans to acquire, our company, business, or assets, we will also share information with that company, including at the negotiation stage. Service Providers: We may share your information with Service Providers.Among other things, Service Providers may help us to administer our website, conduct surveys, provide technical support, process payments, and assist in the fulfillment of services. Legal Obligations: We may disclose information in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process, or to comply with relevant laws. We may also share your information in order to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies, or to comply with your request for the shipment of products to or the provision of services by a third-party intermediary. Other Third Parties With Your Consent: We may disclose your information to other third parties when we have your consent or direction to do so. For example, you may authorize some third-party companies to access your information to provide financial products and services such as: account aggregation (consolidating your financial account information from different sources), making payments via a website or mobile application, and tax preparation. We recommend you use caution when granting such access and ensure that these third parties have appropriate policies and practices in place to secure your information. Navy Federal is not responsible for the use or disclosure of any information accessed by or on behalf of any third party or person to whom you provide your Navy Federal sign in credentials or account information. Any use of your information is governed by the privacy policy and any terms of use with that third party. Navy Federal does not control the privacy, security, or accuracy of your information that may be held by these third parties, and our privacy, security, and other terms will not apply to any third-party services. You may revoke access you previously granted to a third party through Navy Federal’s Security Center on our mobile application or, for certain third parties, by changing your Navy Federal password. For security and other reasons, Navy Federal may block or disable third-party access to any account without notice. Additional information on our banking terms and conditions can be found in our Mobile Banking, Online Banking, and Bill Pay Terms and Conditions . Keeping Your Information Accurate It is important that we have accurate and up-to-date information about you. If you notice that your information is incomplete, inaccurate, or out of date, you can update your information through our mobile or online service or by contacting us at 1-888-842-6328. You may also write to us at Navy Federal Credit Union, PO Box 3002, Merrifield, VA 22116-9887. How You Can Control Your Information Our Sites are designed for optimal viewing with cookies enabled (cookies are small text files that collect internet traffic data). For example, cookies store your preferences for when you visit our Sites. If your web browser settings allow cookies, our Sites will utilize them. You may disable or remove cookies by accessing your web browser settings. Our Sites will still function without cookies, but some features may not work properly. Please note that due to a lack of consistent standards across browsers, our Sites may not respond to “do not track” browser settings. We only use your personal information for certain purposes allowed by law (refer to our Consumer Privacy Policy ), which you cannot limit. You may, however, be able to opt out of certain advertisements. To learn more about a particular advertising network (including how to opt out), click on the industry group network symbol or link located on the advertisement. Children’s Privacy We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under the age of 13 without obtaining consent from a parent or legal guardian. Linking to Third-Party Websites Navy Federal may provide links to websites that are owned or operated by other companies ("third-party websites"). When you use a link online to visit a third-party website, you will be subject to that website’s privacy and security practices, which may differ from ours. You should familiarize yourself with the privacy policy, terms of use, and security practices of the linked third-party website before providing any information on that website. Notice for California Residents If you are a California resident, please refer to our California Consumer Privacy Notice for additional information about your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018. Policy Updates We may change our policy from time to time. When we do, we will let you know by appropriate means, such as by posting the revised policy on this page with a new “Last Updated” date. Any changes to our policy will become effective when posted unless indicated otherwise.Back to Navy Federal Information Mission Statement Since 1933, Navy Federal Credit Union has grown from 7 members to over 12 million members. And, since that time, our vision statement has remained focused on serving our unique field of membership: "Be the most preferred and trusted financial institution serving the military and their families." About Navy Federal Member Support More Services 24/7 Member Services: 1-888-842-6328 Routing Number: 256074974 Navy Federal on FacebookNavy Federal on TwitterNavy Federal on YouTubeNavy Federal on InstagramNavy Federal on LinkedIn Policy & Disclaimers Navy Federal Credit Union © 2023 Navy Federal Credit Union. All rights reserved Equal Opportunity Employer Navy Federal conducts all member business in English. All origination, servicing, collections, and marketing materials are provided in English only. As a service to members, we will attempt to assist members who have limited English proficiency where possible. Military images are used for representational purposes only; do not imply government endorsement. Terms and conditions are applied to gift cards. APY = Annual Percentage Yield, APR = Annual Percentage Rate+Rates are based on an evaluation of credit history, so your rate may differ. *Message and data rates may apply. Terms and Conditions are available. ♦Terms and conditions are applied to gift cards. Navy Federal You are leaving a Navy Federal domain to go to: to You are leaving a Navy Federal domain to go to: Navy Federal does not provide, and is not responsible for, the product, service, overall website content, security, or privacy policies on any external third-party sites. The Navy Federal Credit Union privacy and security policies do not apply to the linked site. Please consult the site's policies for further information.Navy Federal Credit Union | Navy Federal Credit Union | Army, Marine Corps, Navy, Air Force, Space Force, Coast Guard, Veterans Routing Number: 256074974 Navy Federal Investment Services Investments Direct Deposit Send funds directly to your account to ensure seamless deposits while you're deployed or traveling. The Ultimate Certificate Strategy Laddering your certificates is an excellent way to ensure you earn the best rates possible. Why Get a Mortgage Preapproval? A preapproval shows sellers you're a serious buyer and gives you a competitive advantage. Get Preapproved for an Auto Loan With an auto loan preapproval, you could negotiate a better sales price with the dealer. Navy Federal Investment Services Investments & Life Insurance What You Need to Know About Getting a Loan or Expanding Your Business Looking to grow your company or want input on the best business credit card options? We have the answers you need. Send Money Easily with Zelle® It's easy, fast and secure to send and receive money with your friends and family using Zelle. Personal Finance Counseling Personalized Financial Guidance MakingCents—Upgraded Look, Even More Financial Resources Reach your financial goals with smart money strategies from our financial education hub. Take Control of Your Credit Score Use our free Mission: Credit Confidence™ Dashboard to monitor, manage, and control your credit score—all in one convenient place. Am I Eligible? Our field of membership is open to the armed forces, the DoD, veterans and their families. Servicemember Specials Take advantage of our military exclusives, offering low rates, special offers and discounts for those who have served. To continue enjoying all the features of Navy Federal Online, please use a compatible browser. You can confirm your browser capability here . For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the instructions for how to enable JavaScript in your web browser . Go to MakingCents / Privacy & Security Protect Yourself Against Zelle® Scams Learn the signs of common Zelle® scams and protect your accounts. Bottom Line Up Front Zelle® makes it easy to send money to friends and family, but scammers also use the service to take advantage of unsuspecting users.Always double-check the contact information of who you’re sending money to, and never transfer money to people you don’t know or trust.Watch for questionable activity, including unexpected requests from Zelle® or your banking institution. Time to Read 7 minutes July 24, 2023 These days, sending money digitally is easier than ever thanks to payment services like Zelle® . Unfortunately, scammers also take advantage of this service’s convenience and speed to steal money from its users. Because money transferred via Zelle® is hard to trace and nearly impossible to recover, scams using Zelle® are common. In general, it’s recommended to only use Zelle® to send money to friends, family and other people you know and trust, like a babysitter. To be safe, you shouldn’t use the service to send money to people you don’t know, like an online retailer or a bidding site. That being said, scammers are known to use clever tactics to trick users. If you use Zelle®, it’s important to stay current on the latest digital payment scams and learn how to spot them, so you can protect your accounts. 6 Common Scams Fraudsters Use on Zelle® Scammers have a variety of ways to trick people into sending them money through Zelle®. Typically, these scammers pretend to offer something in exchange for payment or impersonate a reputable source. Be mindful of these 6 common types of scams circulating on Zelle®: Fake sellers. Scammers may pose as sellers in online marketplaces and request payment through Zelle®. They’ll often boast about attractive deals or products and then disappear after you’ve paid them, so you’ve lost money and the item. One extremely common form of this is the “puppy scam.” Scammers pretend to be a breeder selling puppies. They might use stock images or lie in order to receive payment for a puppy you’ll never see. This scam is also commonly seen when buying concert tickets or other digitally transferred items. Phishing/impersonation. Phishing scammers may send emails, text messages or phone calls impersonating Zelle® or a financial institution. They trick users into sharing personal information like login credentials or account numbers, which they use to access the account and perform fraudulent transactions. They may tell you that your account has been compromised and to protect your remaining funds, you need to transfer out your money; or that a transaction is on hold pending account verification; or that your credentials are needed to unlock your account after a suspicious login attempt.Finally, scammers pretending to be utility companies or government agencies will threaten cutting off service, or fines and even arrest if you don’t send money through Zelle® right away. Make sure you stay on guard. Overpayment scams. In overpayment scams, scammers will send a large amount of money to you unprompted. Then, they’ll ask you to refund the overpaid amount via Zelle®. Since the initial payment is usually fraudulent, victims end up losing their own money when the scammer’s initial payment is reversed and the Zelle® payment goes through. Job scams. Fraudsters may post fake job listings (often “work-from-home opportunities”) and claim that you need to pay a fee or deposit through Zelle® or provide personal information to secure the position or for necessary training or equipment. These scammers often communicate exclusively through text message. You may end up losing money or becoming a victim of identity theft. Rental scams. Some scammers pose as landlords or property owners and request rental or deposit payments through Zelle®. They may list properties that don't exist or aren't actually available for rent, then disappear once they have your money. Prize/charity scams. Scammers may contact you claiming you’ve won a prize or saying they represent a charitable organization. They ask for donations or fees to claim the prize, but it’s all to trick you into sending money through Zelle®. How to Spot a Scam on Zelle Scams on Zelle are common, but that doesn’t mean you have to become a victim. There are many ways to protect yourself and spot the scam before sending money. Here are some red flags to look out for: Forced urgency from the person you’re speaking with. If they want you to act right away and refuse to answer questions, it might be a scam.Any texts, emails or other messages that have incorrect spelling or grammar . Many scammers imitate legitimate-looking email addresses or messages but include extra periods, misspellings and other inaccuracies.Text messages from a full 10-digit phone number confirming a transaction or asking you to update account information via a link. Most banking institutions, including Navy Federal, will only text you from a short 5-digit code and will never include a link. Messages from Zelle or your bank claiming your account was compromised and asking you to make a payment to prove your identity or reverse a fraud charge .Unexpected requests from a seemingly legitimate organization (like a government agency or bank) to send money to someone you don’t know .Any communication asking you to send money to yourself . Scammers can spoof your Zelle account to make it seem like you’re paying your own account, but you aren’t. Messages from Zelle asking you to pay to upgrade your account or pay for a “Zelle Business Account.” Zelle will never solicit money via email or phone calls, and an upgraded account is never needed to send or receive funds via Zelle.An unexpected request for money from someone you personally know or recognize. Speak with them first to make sure the request is legitimate. Above all, it’s important to trust your instincts. If you receive a message or payment request that doesn’t seem right, double-check the information and reach out to the person or organization directly to verify. Never click on suspicious links, provide login information or agree to random payment requests from Zelle or your banking institution. Protect Your Finances From Scammers Scammers have gotten clever, but you can outsmart them when you know how to protect your accounts from fraud or theft. Remember: Navy Federal will never ask you to send money via Zelle for any reason. In fact, most reputable businesses or organizations won’t use Zelle for legitimate transactions. Keep an eye out for signs of scams and only use Zelle to send money to people you know and trust. If you think you’ve been a victim of a Zelle scam, reach out to us right away so we can help you secure your accounts. It’s also a good idea to use Navy Federal’s account security options , including setting up mobile banking notifications , to get notified of every transaction and spot fraud that much faster. True False That's correct! It’s nearly impossible to recover money stolen via a scam on Zelle Try again A scammer distracts you with pictures of cute puppies while they hack your account A scammer poses as a puppy breeder and asks for payment, but you never receive the dog A scammer pretends their puppy is sick and asks for donations for their fake vet bills Way to go! Oooh! Not quite right! Misspelled or grammatically incorrect email addresses/messages Requests to upgrade to a Zelle® Business Account to receive a payment Requests to send money to yourself All of the above Exactly! Not quite there yet! Would you like to try again? Quiz There was an error loading the page. The information presented below may not be accurate. Please refresh the page to try again.Fraud Resources Fraud Fraud Fraud Fraud Resources Disclosures + This content is intended to provide general information and shouldn't be considered legal, tax or financial advice. It's always a good idea to consult a tax or financial advisor for specific information on how certain laws apply to your situation and about your individual financial situation. Back to Navy Federal Information Mission Statement Since 1933, Navy Federal Credit Union has grown from 7 members to over 12 million members. And, since that time, our vision statement has remained focused on serving our unique field of membership: "Be the most preferred and trusted financial institution serving the military and their families." About Navy Federal Member Support More Services 24/7 Member Services: 1-888-842-6328 Routing Number: 256074974 Navy Federal on FacebookNavy Federal on TwitterNavy Federal on YouTubeNavy Federal on InstagramNavy Federal on LinkedIn Policy & Disclaimers Navy Federal Credit Union © 2023 Navy Federal Credit Union. All rights reserved Equal Opportunity Employer Navy Federal conducts all member business in English. All origination, servicing, collections, and marketing materials are provided in English only. As a service to members, we will attempt to assist members who have limited English proficiency where possible. Military images are used for representational purposes only; do not imply government endorsement. Terms and conditions are applied to gift cards. APY = Annual Percentage Yield, APR = Annual Percentage Rate+Rates are based on an evaluation of credit history, so your rate may differ. *Message and data rates may apply. Terms and Conditions are available. ♦Terms and conditions are applied to gift cards. Navy Federal You are leaving a Navy Federal domain to go to: to You are leaving a Navy Federal domain to go to: Navy Federal does not provide, and is not responsible for, the product, service, overall website content, security, or privacy policies on any external third-party sites. The Navy Federal Credit Union privacy and security policies do not apply to the linked site. Please consult the site's policies for further information.