Privacy Policy Last Updated: September 12, 2022 | What’s New? Table of Contents About This Privacy Policy This privacy policy (the “Policy”) explains what data the NBA Family collects from you through our interactions with you and through our products, services, events and programs – including our websites, apps and digital platforms (each a “Service,” and collectively, the “Services”). “The NBA Family” means the National Basketball Association (“NBA”), the Women’s National Basketball Association (“WNBA”), the NBA Gatorade League (“G-League”), the NBA 2K League, the Basketball Africa League, their respective teams, and each of their respective affiliates (also referred to as “we,” “our” or “us”). By using any of the Services, you consent to the terms of this Policy. Data That We Collect and Receive When you interact with us through the Services, we may collect data from you or from other sources. This “data” may be information that you directly provide to us, such as personal information you provide when you visit the Services, or information that is passively or automatically collected from you, such as anonymous information collected from your browser or device. The categories of other sources from which we collect personal data include our affiliates, partners, vendors, data brokers and public sources. The data we collect consists of personal identifiers, commercial information, Internet/other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, professional or employment-related information, characteristics of protected classifications, and inferences drawn from this information. More specifically, the data we collect includes: Identifiers, such as name, email address, postal address, phone number and other similar contact data. User credentials , such as username, password, password hints and similar security information used to create an account and authenticate users of the Services. Protected classifications and demographic data , such as age, gender, country and language preference. Payment data , such as credit card information and billing address. Device data , such as type of device, operating system and other software installed on the device, device settings, IP address, device identifiers and error reports. Internet or other electronic network activity information , such as the programs and features you access, emails you open, , content you engage with, and the timing, frequency and duration of your interactions through the Services. Location data , such as IP addresses received from your device. Commercial information, such as products or services purchased, obtained or considered or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. Information about your interests and preferences , including inferences , such as your favorite teams and players, your home city or your communications preferences. In addition to what you provide directly, we infer your interests and preferences from other data we collect, such as the content and advertisements you interact with while using the Services. Third party integrations and social media. If you connect your use of the Services through a third party service (e.g., a social media platform), the third party may share certain information from your third party account with us. Communications, such as from the communications you send to us, such as customer service inquiries, product reviews and other feedback regarding the Services. Other third party data , consisting of the categories above, collected from third-party sources outside of the Services, such as data from our affiliates, partners or vendors, data brokers or public sources. How We Use Data We use the data we collect for the following purposes: Operating our business. We use the data we collect to operate our business, including providing, tailoring, and improving the Services. Specifically: To create and maintain accounts, as well as process your registration with our Services.To fulfill transactions that you request.To deliver location-based Services and comply with territorial restrictions.To diagnose and fix problems with the Services and providing other customer support services.To personalize the fan experience on the NBA Family’s owned and operated platforms to better understand fan preferences as well as to enhance and personalize fan experiences and enjoyment when using the Services. To allow you to participate in interactive features, when you choose to do so.For analytical purposes to better understand our fans and how they use the Services, which allows us to continually improve and expand the Services.To build predictive models, which allow us to tailor the Services based on the data we have about how our fans use the Services, as well as to tailor our marketing and advertising efforts. Communicating with you.We use the data we collect to communicate with you, including responding to your requests or inquiries. Specifically: To respond to your request if you contact us with a question or concern.To provide information about your account, your use of the Services or other transactions that you request.To deliver personalized news, updates and other types of communications, according to your subscriptions, alerts and other preferences. Marketing and advertising. We use the data we collect for marketing or advertising purposes, on behalf of ourselves, as well as our partners and other parties who advertise on the Services. Specifically: To send you promotional messages and deliver advertisements about products, tickets, services, programs or events that may be of interest to you. These may be offered by, or on behalf of, the NBA Family, or by our partners and other third parties with whom we have a relationship. The promotional messages and advertisements that you see may be determined by data that we collect or receive about you, such as your demographic data, location data, usage data, interests and preferences. We refer to this as “interest-based advertising”. To conduct internal and market research, identify usage trends, and determine the effectiveness of marketing and advertising campaigns. Security, compliance and enforcement. We use the data we collect for security, legal, regulatory, compliance and enforcement purposes. Specifically: To protect the safety and security of our fans and our Services.To detect and prevent abuse, fraud or other unlawful or unauthorized activities.To resolve disputes.To comply with legal and regulatory obligations.To enforce our agreements, including our policies and terms of service that govern your use of the Services. We may also use your data in any other manner as disclosed at the time of collection, or when we have otherwise obtained consent. Please also note that this Policy is not intended to place any limits on what we do with aggregated, pseudonymized or anonymized data. We may also merge, co-mingle, or otherwise combine data about you, including personal information, in furtherance of the uses above. How We Share and Disclose Data There are times when the data we collect may be shared by the NBA Family. We share your data for the following purposes: Providing the Services. We sometimes engage or partner with other companies to operate the Services or perform certain functions on our behalf – for example, maintaining and enhancing our fan databases, delivering messages and advertising, operating our websites and digital platforms. We may provide these companies with access to your data as needed for them to perform these functions in a manner consistent with this Policy. For more information about who these companies are, and how they use your data, please see the “ Third Party Sites and Sections ” section of this Policy below. With Partners and Third Parties. We may share your information with certain business partners so that they can provide you with special offers, promotional and other materials that may be of interest to you. We share personal data with partners and third parties as part of marketing and advertising on and off of the Services. We may use third-parties to serve advertisements on the Services. These third parties may set their own cookies or similar web technologies to collect information about users’ online activities over time and across websites. For more information about how these third parties use your data and how you can manage these technologies, please see the “ Cookies and Similar Technologies ” section of this Policy below. Among the NBA Family. We share personal data among the companies within the NBA Family to provide and improve the Services, to build predictive models to better understand our fans, to send promotional messages and advertisements about products and services that may be of interest to you, and for other purposes consistent with this Policy. As part of a change in business structure. In the event of a sale, merger, acquisition, reorganization or similar event, or in contemplation of such an event (e.g., due diligence), your data may be among the transferred assets. When necessary under certain circumstances. We may disclose your personal data when we believe that disclosure is necessary to: Comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process.Protect the safety and security of our fans or our Services.Prevent fraud, abuse or other unlawful or unauthorized activities.Protect the rights or property of us or third parties, including enforcing the terms of our agreements. We may also share your data for any other purpose as disclosed at the time of collection, or when we have otherwise obtained consent. Please note that this Policy is not intended to limit our ability to share or disclose aggregated, pseudonymized or anonymized data.What Choices You Have You have many choices about how we collect, use and share your data. Communications choices. You can choose whether you wish to receive promotional messages from the NBA Family and which types of messages you wish to receive. If you receive promotional messages from us and would like to opt out, you may do so by following instructions within those messages. You may also adjust your communications preferences by logging into your NBA account and viewing your preferences. Please note that these preferences do not apply to informational or transactional communications regarding the Services or other communications that have their own unsubscribe method. Advertising choices. You can opt out of interest-based advertising as described in this section and in the “ Cookies and Similar Technologies ” section of this Policy. When you opt out, your selection is stored on a cookie on your device. If you delete the cookie from that device or sign in from a different device, you will need to opt out again. Because the data used for interest-based advertising is also used for other necessary purposes (including providing the Services and for authentication and security purposes), opting out of interest-based advertising does not stop the data from being collected nor reduce the number of advertisements you will see. However, the data will not be used for interest-based advertising, which means the advertisements you do see may be less relevant to you. When using a mobile application, you may receive interest-based in-application advertisements. Depending on your device, you may be able to reset your mobile device’s advertising identifier at any time by accessing the privacy settings on your device. In addition, each operating system (e.g., iOS for Apple devices, Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices) provides its own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of interest-based in-application advertisements. You may review the support materials and/or the privacy settings for the respective operating system in order to opt-out of interest-based in-application advertisements. For any other devices and/or operating systems, please visit the privacy settings for the applicable device or contact (or review the applicable privacy web page of) the applicable platform operator. Other choices. You also have choices about the data you provide directly to us when you register for or use the Services. Please note, however, that if you choose not to provide data that is necessary to provide certain features of the Services, your use of the Services may not include those features. You can access, edit or remove information in your user account by visiting https://www.nba.com/account/nbaprofile . If you cannot access your account, or if you would like to request that we delete other personal data referenced in this Policy, you may visit us at http://privacy.nba.com or contact us using any of the methods described in the “ How to Contact Us ” section of this Policy. You can choose not to share certain location data by adjusting the settings on your device. Please note, however, that if you choose not to share this data, you may not be able to access or use location-based Services. You can choose to limit the data that third party services (e.g., social media platforms) share with us using the options provided to you by the applicable third party service (for example, the options provided by a third party social media platform when you connect your social media account with the Services). You can also disconnect your use of the Services from the third party service at any time using the options provided to you by the applicable third party service. Please note, however, that if you disconnect from the third party service, that will not delete the data we may have previously collected while you were connected. Cookies and Similar Technologies We use cookies and similar technologies (collectively, “Tracking Technologies”) to provide the Services and to collect data. In addition, third parties may also use Tracking Technologies when you use the Services; for example, if we engaged a third party to operate the Services, or because the Services contain content or advertisements delivered by third parties. These Tracking Technologies consist of: Cookies are small text files that are unique to your device or browser. They can either be session-based (i.e., lasting only while your browser is open and automatically deleted when you close your browser) or persistent (i.e., lasting until you delete them or they expire). Locally stored objects. Locally stored objects (“LSOs”), also commonly called “Flash cookies,” are stored on your device or browser to provide Services that use Adobe Flash technology. Web beacons. “Web beacons” or clear GIFs are small pieces of code placed on a Service to collect data about users of that Service. Software development kits.Mobile Software Development Kits (“SDKs”) are bits of computer code used by mobile app developers to enable or enhance various features of a mobile app. For example, an app developer may include an SDK within a mobile app that enables advertisements to be shown, data to be collected, and related services or analytics to be performed in connection with the mobile app. We use Tracking Technologies for the following purposes: Sign-in/authentication. When you sign into your account to use the Services, we use Tracking Technologies to store your sign-in information. This allows the Services to remember your user preferences and give you a more tailored experience based on those preferences. It also allows you to use the Services without having to sign-in on each page or each time you return.We use Tracking Technologies to help detect fraud and abuse of the Services, including attempts to access the Services without authorization. We use Tracking Technologies to gather usage and performance data about the Services, including counting the number of unique visitors to a particular Service.We use Tracking Technologies to track how many users have seen or clicked on an advertisement. This allows us to learn which advertising campaigns are most effective and also to help limit the number of times a user is shown the same advertisement. Interest-based advertising. We use Tracking Technologies to collect information about your interests so that we can deliver advertising that is most relevant to your interests. Tailoring the Services. We use Tracking Technologies to collect information about how you use the Services so that we can tailor your experience based on what is most relevant to your interests. In some cases, we may work with third parties (for example, third party operators of the Services) to synchronize our unique, anonymous identifiers (such as those associated with Tracking Technologies) with the third party’s own identifiers. This enables us to better achieve each of the purposes described above. Managing Tracking Technologies. Most web browsers give you the ability to manage Tracking Technologies used on a website, including blocking or deleting them. Please note that if you choose to block Tracking Technologies, you may not be able to use certain features that depend on those Tracking Technologies (such as keeping you signed in or remembering your preferences). If you choose to delete Tracking Technologies, any settings and preferences that were associated with those Tracking Technologies will also be deleted and may need to be reset. You also have the following options to manage Tracking Technologies and opt out of interest-based advertising: For Flash cookies, you can access Flash management tools from Adobe’s website . In addition, some, but not all, browsers provide the ability to remove LSOs within cookie and privacy settings.You may opt out of interest-based advertising from companies that participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) by visiting their website . You may opt out of interest-based advertising from companies that participate in the Network Advertising Initiative by visiting their website .You may opt out of Nielsen proprietary measurement software, which will allow users to contribute to market research, such as Nielsen TV Ratings, by visiting their website . You may opt out of WarnerMedia News & Sports’ collection, use, and transfer of data for interest-based advertising by visiting the WarnerMedia targeted advertising opt out page within the WarnerMedia Privacy Center. Please note that if you opt out there, WarnerMedia News & Sports will continue to collect data for other purposes, including research, analytics, and internal operations. You may continue to receive advertising from WarnerMedia News & Sports based on your activities on the Services. Finally, you may opt-out of interest-based advertising by adjusting your device or browser settings. Please note that opting out of interest-based advertising does not mean you will stop seeing, or see fewer, advertisements. It does, however, mean that the advertisements you do see will not be interest-based and may be less relevant to your interests. Some browsers have incorporated “Do Not Track” features that send an automated signal to the websites that you visit using that browser. At this time, the Services do not recognize or respond to these signals. However, you can adjust your preferences regarding the data we collect using the tools and methods described above.Security of Data The NBA Family takes security seriously. We take a number of steps to protect your data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. These steps take into account the sensitivity of the data we collect and use, as well as the current state of technology. This includes, for example, storing your data on systems that have limited access and are maintained in controlled facilities. We also use, and require our vendors to use, industry standard security protocols when processing any payments for your use of the Services. It is important to remember that no system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. We recommend that you help us keep your data safe by taking reasonable steps such as keeping your passwords private and not disclosing sensitive personal data in places that can be accessed publicly. Third Party Sites and Sections We work with a number of third parties to operate the Services. When we engage third parties in connection with operating the Services, those third parties may only collect, use or access your data as needed for them to perform these functions. These third parties include: com and other digital platforms. We have partnered with Turner Digital Basketball Services, Inc., a WarnerMedia News and Sports property, including its affiliates (“Turner”), to operate the NBA.com website, mobile site and other digital platforms in the United States. A representative list of WarnerMedia News & Sports affiliates that may receive access to your data is available at: https://www.warnermediaprivacy.com/affiliates/ . This list may be updated from time-to-time, so please check back periodically to keep up-to-date. To learn more about how Turner collects, uses, protects and discloses your personal data, including your data rights, metrics and disclosures, please visit https://www.warnermediaprivacy.com/policycenter/b2c/WMNS/ . NBA Local Destinations . We have engaged partners in certain regions to operate localized NBA-focused websites (“NBA Local Destinations”). As of the date on which this Policy was last updated, our NBA Local Destination operators are:ABS-CBN Corporation in the Philippines, available at: https://sports.abs-cbn.com/nba beIN Sports France in France, Monaco, Andorra, Mauritius, Madagascar, French Guiana, French Polynesia, Guadeloupe, Martinique, Mayotte, New Caledonia, Réunion, Saint Barthélemy, Saint Martin, Saint Pierre and Miquelon, Wallis and Fortuna, Clipperton and French Southern and Antarctic Lands, available at: http://www.beinsports.com/france/nba/ beIN Sports MENA LLC in certain countries in the Middle East and North Africa, available at: http://www.beinsports.com/ar/الدوري-الأميركي-للمحترفين/ (Arabic language), http://beinsports.com/en/nba/ (English language) and http://beinsports.com/fr/nba/ (French language) Globo Comunicação e Participações S.A., Globosat Programadora Ltda. and Horizonte Conteúdos Ltda. in Brazil, available at: http://sportv.globo.com/site/nba/ Perform Media Channels Limited in Australia, Canada, Spain and Japan, available at: http://www.sportingnews.com/au/nba (Australia), https://ca.nba.com/ (Canada), https://www.sportingnews.com/es/nba (Spain) and http://www.nba.co.jp/ (Japan) Sky Italia S.R.L. in Italy, available at: https://sport.sky.it/nba/home.html Sky UK Limited in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Isle of Man, Channel Islands, available at https://www.skysports.com/nbaru LLC in Russia, Ukraine and Belarus, available at: https://www.sports.ru/nba/ (Russia), https://ua.tribuna.com/nba/ (Ukraine) and https://by.tribuna.com/nba/ (Belarus) Shenzhen Tencent Computer Systems Company Ltd. and Tencent Technology (Shenzhen) Company Limited in the People’s Republic of China, available at: http://china.nba.com/ The Sports Channel Limited in Israel, available at: https://nba.sport5.co.il/ com Co., Ltd. in Taiwan, available at: https://nba.udn.com/nba/index NBA Store. We have engaged Fanatics, Inc., including one or more of its affiliates (“Fanatics”), to operate the NBA Store at com . To learn more about how Fanatics collects, uses, protects and discloses your personal data, please visit https://www.fanatics.com/what-is-your-privacy-policy/ch-2349 . NBA Auctions/NBA Game Worn. We have engaged Commerce Dynamics, Inc. to operate the NBA auction site at com (the “NBA Auctions Site”) and the NBA game worn site at nbagameworn.com (the “NBA Game Worn Site”). We have also engaged Meigray Group, LLC to sell merchandise through the NBA Auctions Site and the NBA Game Worn Site. NBA Photo Store. We have engaged Getty Images to operate the NBA photo store at com . To learn more about how Getty Images collects, uses, protects and discloses your personal data, please visit https://www.gettyimages.com/company/privacy-policy . NBA Fantasy Games. We have engaged FanDuel, Inc. (“FanDuel”) and Yahoo!Sports (“Yahoo!”) to operate one or more fantasy games available at com/fantasy . To learn more about how FanDuel collects, uses, protects and discloses your personal data, please visit https://www.fanduel.com/privacy . To learn more about how Yahoo! collects, uses, protects and discloses your personal data, please visit https://policies.yahoo.com/us/en/yahoo/privacy/products/sports/index.htm . NBA 2K League. We have partnered with Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. (“Take-Two”) to operate the NBA 2K League, including the NBA 2K League site at 2kleague.nba.com. To learn more about how Take-Two collects, uses, protects and discloses your personal data, please visit https://www.take2games.com/privacy . Social Media Providers (e.g., Facebook, Twitter). We offer you the ability to share your experience on our Services with your friends and followers on certain social media platforms. These social media providers may collect information about you, including your activity on our Services. These social media providers may also notify your friends, both on our Services and on the social media platforms, that you are a user of our Services or about your use of our Services. If you choose to access or use third-party social media platforms, we may receive information about you that you have made available to those social media providers, including information about your contacts on those social media platforms. Your interactions with those social media providers and platforms are governed by the privacy policy of the third party providing that service. These third parties are only authorized to use your data as permitted under this Policy, or as disclosed to you at the time your data is collected. Please note, however, that these third parties may supplement data collected or received in connection with the Services with data they collect or receive through other websites, platforms and services, in accordance with the policies and disclosures posted on those websites, platforms and services. Within the past twelve months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information: personal identifiers, commercial information, Internet/other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, characteristics of protected classifications, and inferences drawn from this information. The Services may also contain links to, or integrations with, other websites, platforms or services that are not operated or controlled by the NBA Family (each a “Third Party Site,” and collectively, the “Third Party Sites”). Please note that this Policy does not apply to those Third Party Sites. For more information on how those Third Party Sites collect, use and share data, we suggest that you contact the operators of those Third Party Sites directly. Children and Parents Although there are NBA fans of all ages, the Services are not directed at children under the age of 16, and our policy is to not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 13, nor to sell personal data of individuals under the age of 16. We encourage parents and guardians to monitor their children’s online behavior, put parental control tools in place, and teach children not to provide their personal data through the Services without parental consent. For certain activities in which children are allowed to participate (e.g., Jr. NBA clinics), any request for personal data (such as registration data) is intended for and directed to the parent or legal guardian. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personal data to us without parental consent, please visit us at http://privacy.nba.com or contact us using any of the methods described in the “ How to Contact Us ” section of this Policy, and we will endeavor to delete that data from our systems. For children located in jurisdictions within the EU, we comply with the age limits applicable in each Member State. In these instances, the references above to the age of 13 will be deemed to be references to the age limits applicable in each Member State. Where this Policy refers to consent, this will require the consent of a parent or legal guardian in relation to any person under the age limits applicable in each Member State.Storing Data Personal data collected by the NBA Family may be stored and processed in the region in which it is collected, in the United States, and in any other region where we maintain major operations. We maintain offices in Brazil, Canada, China, Hong Kong, India, Mexico, the Philippines, South Africa, Spain, Taiwan, the United Kingdom and the United States. We take steps to ensure that the data we collect under this Policy is stored and processed in accordance with this Policy regardless of where the data is located. By providing personal data in connection with the Services, you acknowledge and agree that such personal data may be transferred from your current location to the offices and servers of the NBA Family and our authorized third party service providers located in the United States. Our practice when transferring personal data is to rely on standard data protection contract clauses or individual consent. We retain personal data for as long as necessary to provide the Services and fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other necessary purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes and enforcing our agreements. Because these factors vary for different types of personal data, actual retention periods may vary. The criteria we use to determine the appropriate retention periods include: How long is the personal data needed to provide the Services? This is the baseline for most data retention periods. Do users expect that we will retain the personal data until they affirmatively remove it? For example, if a user is able to directly access, edit or remove the personal data at any time, we may maintain the data until the user affirmatively removes it. Is the personal data of a sensitive type? If so, a shortened data retention period will generally apply. Has the user provided consent for a longer retention period? If so, we will retain the data in accordance with the user’s consent. Are we subject to a legal, contractual or similar obligation to retain the personal data? If so, we will retain the data in accordance with our obligations. California Privacy Rights This section supplements our Privacy Policy with additional information for California residents only. As noted above, we collect data that you provide directly when you register for or use the Services, user credentials that you supply directly when you register for or update your login information to use the Services, demographic data, payment data, device data, usage data, location data, information about your interests and preferences, third party integrations, and other third party data. In accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), California residents have the right to request that we disclose the following information about our collection and use of personal information over the twelve months prior to your request: The categories of personal information we collect about you.The categories of sources for the personal information we collect about you.Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.The specific pieces of personal information collected about you.If we disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, a list of the categories of personal information we have disclosed in the prior twelve months. If we sold your personal information for a business purpose, a list of the categories of personal information we have sold in the prior twelve months. You also have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information. In some circumstances we may not be able to honor your request for deletion – for example, if we need to hold on to your information to protect the security or functionality of our operations, to service your account, or to comply with legal obligations. To ask for a record of the information we hold about you, or to ask us to delete your information, please visit us at http://privacy.nba.com or call us at (866) 622-7674. You must provide enough information that we can verify who you are and that you are a California resident. We will only use personal information provided in a request to verify the requester’s identity and authority to make the request. You also have the right to direct us not to sell your personal information at any time. We have sold the following categories of personal information within the last twelve months: personal identifiers, commercial information, Internet/other electronic network activity information, geolocation data, characteristics of protected classifications, and inferences drawn from this information. To opt out of the sale of your personal information, you may submit a request to us at Do Not Sell My Personal Information.You have the right to designate an authorized agent to make any of these requests under the CCPA on your behalf. We will not deny services, charge different prices, offer a different quality of service or otherwise discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. CCPA Metrics. CCPA regulations require us to disclose metrics for the previous calendar year regarding the requests we receive. Those metrics are available at https://www.nba.com/dsar-reporting California Notice of Financial Incentive We are providing you with this Notice of Financial Incentive, consistent with California law, to explain the material terms of the NBA’s financial incentive so that you may make an informed decision about whether to create an online account with us. Material Terms of the Financial Incentive We offer fans the opportunity to create an NBA ID to be eligible for certain perks and benefits such as rewards, badges for fan engagement, exclusive offers, and discounts. Creating an NBA ID is free and all benefits to you are free. When you create an NBA ID, or if you already have an NBA ID, we will collect and keep the personal information you provide, or that you’ve previously provided, including your date of birth, country, and email address, which are required. You may also choose to provide your first name, last name, favorite team(s), and favorite player(s) when creating your account. To enhance your experience with the NBA and reward you, and to provide you with tailored benefits, such as the ability to participate in All Star Games votes, coupons for NBA merchandise, badges, and partner offers we will also collect and use the categories of personal information listed below, including personal information we’ve previously collected about you. We collect this information through your interactions with the NBA and our partners, as further detailed in this Privacy Policy. We will also use this information to send you messages about benefits and rewards, and to send you tailored marketing messages from the NBA and its partners. We may sell your personal information to others within the NBA Family and our partners, and you can opt out of this sale by using Do Not Sell My Personal Information. The NBA will continue to honor your preferences regarding marketing communications, including whether you have previously asked the NBA not to use your personal information for the NBA to send you messages and advertisements about products and initiatives of the NBA and NBA partners. We collect and use the following categories of information about you in connection with creating an NBA ID and offering you the benefits described herein: Identifiers, such as name, email address, postal address, phone number and other similar contact data. User credentials , such as username, password, password hints and similar security information used to create an account and authenticate users of the Services. Protected classifications and demographic data , such as age, gender, country and language preference. Payment data , such as credit card information and billing address. Device data , such as type of device, operating system and other software installed on the device, device settings, IP address, device identifiers and error reports. Internet or other electronic network activity information , such as the programs and features you access, emails you open, , content you engage with, and the timing, frequency and duration of your interactions through the Services. Location data , such as IP addresses received from your device. Commercial information, such as products or services purchased, obtained or considered or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. Information about your interests and preferences , including inferences , such as your favorite teams and players, your home city or your communications preferences. In addition to what you provide directly, we infer your interests and preferences from other data we collect, such as the content and advertisements you interact with while using the Services. Third party integrations and social media. If you connect your use of the Services through a third party service (e.g., a social media platform), the third party may share certain information from your third party account with us. Communications, such as from the communications you send to us, such as customer service inquiries, product reviews and other feedback regarding the Services. Other third party data , consisting of the categories above, collected from third-party sources outside of the Services, such as data from our affiliates, partners or vendors, data brokers or public sources. The Value of your Personal Information The NBA values the data of its accountholders because it allows us to engage with loyal fans and reward those fans with benefits, content, and promotions tailored to their purchase history and interests.The benefits to you are reasonably related to the value of your personal information. The value of your personal information to us varies by individual and is related to the value of the rewards and discounts provided to accountholders, minus the costs of providing those benefits. How to Opt-in or Withdraw from Participation By registering for an account online on the NBA website , our Pick’Em website , or via our NBA and NBA Events mobile apps, you will be opting in to receive these benefits. You may withdraw from participation at any time by deleting your user account by contacting us using any of the methods described in the “ How to Contact Us ” section of this Policy. Withdrawal will also result in deletion of your NBA account and any services linked to your account. Additional Information If you have any questions, you may contact us using any of the methods listed under the “How to Contact Us” section of the Policy. European Privacy Rights We adhere to applicable data protection laws in the European Union (“EU”). In accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), users who are located in the EU have the following rights: If the processing of personal data is based on your consent, the right to withdraw consent for future processing of that data.The right to request from NBA Properties, Inc. (“NBAP”), a “data controller” as defined under the GDPR, access to and rectification of your personal data.Subject to limitations as provided for in the GDPR, the right to request restriction of the processing of your personal data.Subject to limitations as provided for in the GDPR, the right to request erasure of your personal data. You may contact NBAP at http://privacy.nba.com or by using any of the methods described in the “ How to Contact Us ” section of this Policy. You may also contact our London office by any of the following methods: By writing to us at Endeavor House, 189 Shaftesbury Avenue, 6th Floor, London, United Kingdom WC2H 8JR; orBy calling us at +44-20-7420-8900. Brazilian Privacy Rights We adhere to the Brazilian General Data Protection Law (“LGPD”), which applies to data processing operations carried out in Brazil, individuals located in Brazil, and personal data collected in Brazil. In accordance with the LGPD, Brazilian data subjects have the following rights: If the processing of personal data is based on your consent, the right to withdraw consent for future processing of that data.Confirmation of the existence of data processing.Access to your own personal data.Correction of incomplete, inaccurate, or outdated data.Anonymization, blocking, or elimination of unnecessary or excessive data.Portability of your personal data to other service providers or suppliers.Information about the sharing of your personal data. Information about the possibility of not providing consent to the use of your personal data for a specific purpose and the consequences of doing so. You may contact NBAP at http://privacy.nba.com or by using any of the methods described in the “ How to Contact Us ” section of this Policy. You may also contact our Data Privacy Officer, Isabel Hungria, by any of the following methods: By sending an email to privacy-lgpd@nba.com ; or By calling us at +55-21-3206-6419. Changes to This Privacy Policy We may change this Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our business, the Services, or our practices and procedures. If we do make changes, we will post any changes on this page and indicate the date on which the Policy was last revised. We encourage you to review this Policy periodically, especially before you provide personal data directly to us through the Services. Your continued use of the Services after any changes to this Policy are in effect constitutes your acceptance of the revised Policy How to Contact Us Although we strive to make this Policy as comprehensive as possible, we know you may still have questions or concerns about how we collect, use and share data. If you have a question, concern or complaint regarding our data privacy practices, you may contact us by any of the following methods: By writing to us at 645 Fifth Avenue, New York, NY 10022, Attn: NBA Fan Relations;By sending an email to DataPrivacy@nba.com ; orBy calling us at (212) 407-8000. Cookie Policy