Privacy Policy Personalization of Platform Through User Preferences Bidding or Purchasing Goods through Auctions or Storefronts SMS or Email Registration Signup for Paid Audio or Video Streaming Surveys or Contests Registration for Client Events such as Sports Camps Signup for Clients’ “Kids Clubs” or Similar Programs Account Set-Up Information : SIDEARM Sports will collect certain information to set up an account for you via one of our sites, such as your name, email address, mailing address, phone number(s), and the username and password you create. Credit Card/Payment Information : If you purchase an item via an auction or an online store or register for a camp using the SIDEARM services, SIDEARM Sports will collect certain information such as your credit card number and billing address to process that payment. Sports or Athlete Interests : If you voluntarily register to personalize your use of the SIDEARM Services, including a website or a mobile app, then SIDEARM Sports may collect personal information such as specific sports or student athletes you wish to follow. Social Media Information : If you use Facebook or another third party social network site to login to any SIDEARM Services, SIDEARM Sports will collect information that you chose to provide to us (for example your Facebook profile information). The information collected may depend on the privacy settings you have with the third-party site. Certain Additional Information : SIDEARM Sports provides our clients with certain Services such as surveys or contests that may ask you certain questions to participate. Participation in these surveys and contests is voluntary. Kids Club Registrations : Some of SIDEARM Sports’ clients offer children under the age of 13 the opportunity to join “kids clubs” or similar programs to provide them with information about university athletics that is specifically geared towards children. Registration for these clubs requires that SIDEARM obtain certain personal information about participants. We do not collect personally identifiable information on our websites from children under the age of 13 without prior parental consent. We do not ask children to disclose more information than is necessary for them to participate in a particular activity, and we take steps to prevent children from disclosing more information than is necessary to participate in those activities. Continuing Notification of Parents : For children under the age of 13, parents will initially provide certain personal information about or for their child; we will not collect it from the child directly. If a child under age 13 then participates in any ongoing activity that requires the collection, retention, and use of personal information in addition to what has already been provided or authorized by the parent, we will also ask for a parent’s e-mail address so that we can notify the parent that we have received personal information from their child and seek consent to retain this information. We do not knowingly collect names and e-mail addresses or other personally identifying information from children under age 13 for these types of activities without notifying the parent via e-mail and giving the parent the option to remove their child’s e-mail address from the applicable database for that activity. Changes in Guidelines : These children’s guidelines have been developed with the recognition that Internet technology evolves rapidly and that underlying business models are still not established. Accordingly, guidelines are subject to change. In the unlikely event of such changes they will be posted on this page. If the changes represent a material departure from our current practice with respect to the use of children’s personal information, the changes will be posted on this page thirty (30) days prior to taking effect and will not affect children’s personal information previously collected. Device Information : We may collect non-personal information about the computer, mobile device, or other device you use to access the SIDEARM Services, such as your computer’s unique IP address, geolocation information, unique device identifiers, browser type, browser language and other transactional information. Cookies, Beacons, Local Storage and Other Similar Technologies : SIDEARM Sports uses “cookies,” Web beacons, HTML5 local storage, and other similar technologies. These technologies allow us to manage access to and use of the SIDEARM Services, recognize users and provide personalization, and help us to understand how users engaged with the SIDEARM Services. You will not be able to access certain areas of our websites if your computer does not accept cookies from us.We do not respond to browser-based “do not track” signals. Analytics Technologies : We have engaged with a third-party service called Google Analytics to provide us information, reports, and analysis about the usage, browsing patterns of users of the SIDEARM Services. Google Analytics tracks and analyzes non-personally identifiable usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers on our websites. All data collected by Google Analytics on our behalf is owned and used by us. For more information about how Google Analytics collects data, please read their privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en . Location Information : Some of our mobile applications can deliver content based on your current location if you choose to enable that feature of the app. If you enable the location-based feature, your current location will be stored locally on your device, which will then be used by the app. If you elect to have a location-based search saved to your history, we will store that information on our servers. If you do not enable the location-based service, or if an app does not have that feature, the app will not transmit to us, and we will not collect or store location information. Email Tracking Pixels : SIDEARM Sports may use a function in HTML emails to track which users open emails and which links they click. Ads Within Our Apps : The ads you see may be targeted to you based on your current GPS location, proximity of your device to an active beacon or low-energy blue-tooth transmitter, your device’s IP address or ZIP code, and user provided location information such as seat location. Some mobile applications promoted through the SIDEARM Services may be links to third-party services. Such services shall be governed by their own privacy policy. Most importantly, we use the information collected from our users to provide you with the products or services you voluntarily signed up for, such as: Enabling you to participate in features such as surveys or contests Providing you with electronic newsletters or text messages containing special offers or promotional materials Customizing the content you see when visiting a SIDEARM Sports website Other purposes SIDEARM Sports disclosed to you when we requested you provide us with or allow us access to your information. Statistical Analysis: We perform statistical, demographic and marketing analyses of users of the SIDEARM Services and their subscribing and purchasing patterns for product development purposes and to generally inform advertisers about the nature of our subscriber base. We use this information for analysis purposes, including analysis to improve customer relationships. Relevant Advertising: We may use demographic and preference information to allow advertising on the SIDEARM Services to be targeted to the users for whom they are most pertinent. This means users see advertising that is most likely to interest them, and advertisers send their messages to people who are most likely to be receptive, improving both the viewer’s experience and the effectiveness of the ads. We disclose information to third parties only in aggregate or de-identified form. Schools/Clients : SIDEARM Sports partners with hundreds of colleges, universities, and high schools across North America. We may share your information with those clients whose sites or mobile apps you digitally visited. Learfield Corporate Family Members : SIDEARM Sports’ parent company is Learfield Communications, LLC (“Learfield”). Learfield’s corporate family members include several other companies. To see the other members of the Learfield Corporate family, you can visit the website www.learfield.com. Law Enforcement : We may disclose personal information if we are required to do so by law or we have a good faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process; (2) protect and defend our rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the SIDEARM Services; or (4) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public (among other things, this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else, information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions). Participation : When you participate in a contest, sweepstakes, or promotion, the information you provide made be shared with a third-party sponsor of the contest, sweepstakes, or promotion. You will be notified how your information is shared when you sign up for the contest, sweepstakes, or promotion. If you do not want any personal information shared with a third-party, you should not participate in the sweepstakes, contest or promotion. Service Providers : We use other companies to help us provide the SIDEARM Services to you. As a result, these partner companies will have some of your information in their systems.Our partners are subject to contractual obligations governing data security and confidentiality consistent with this Privacy Policy and applicable laws. These service providers are restricted from using this data in any way other than to provide services for SIDEARM Sports, and they may not share, resell or use the data for their own direct marketing purposes. Aggregated Data : SIDEARM Sports may disclose user information in an aggregated form as part of our marketing or analytical findings data that may be published. Such disclosure will never include personal information. Links to Third Party Sites : The SIDEARM Services may include links that direct you to other websites or services whose privacy practices may differ from ours. Once you access that website or other service, your information is governed by their privacy policies, not this one. We use trusted TLS certificates for end to end encryption of all personal information that is submitted through a SIDEARM Sports siteWe use commercially reasonable physical and electronic procedures to safeguard the information we collect. For example, all passwords are encrypted and hashed.We maintain PCI compliance for all credit card processingFor an Audio/Video streaming account you can login to your account and update your information and/or deactivate your account For newsletter subscriptions you can click the “unsubscribe” link on the bottom of the communicationFor SMS notifications you can reply “stop” which will end future notifications.For any other requests you can email privacy@sidearmsports.com and we will contact you to discuss and handle your request to the best of our ability.Access, correct, update or request deletion of your PERSONAL INFORMATION at any time by contacting us at privacy@sidearmsports.com or by writing to SIDEARM Sports, 335 Hinds Hall, Syracuse NY 13244; Object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information;Withdraw your consent at any time if we have collected and process your personal information with your consent;Complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. (Contact details for data protection authorities in the European Economic Area, Switzerland and certain non-European countries (including US and Canada) are available.) Footer , opens in a new window , opens in a new window