PRIVACY POLICY FOR “FIESTABLE” APPLICATION Effective Date: This Privacy Policy was revised and is effective as of May 6, 2021. This Privacy Policy applies to “Fiestable” (the “Application”). The Application is an application which allows you to control certain party features of your SONY audio device with intuitive user interface. In this Privacy Policy, we use “SONY,” "we," "us," and "our" to refer to Sony Corporation“SONY Affiliates” shall mean Sony Group Corporation, which is the ultimate parent company of SONY and any legal entities controlled by Sony Group Corporation. SONY and SONY Affiliates shall be collectively referred to as “SONY Group”. The term “control” in this context means the direct or indirect ownership of at least fifty percent (50%) of the voting interest in such corporation or the power in fact to control the management decisions of such entity. This Privacy Policy explains our collection, use, sharing and other practices regarding your data. 1. SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS We use the data we collect (Collected Data) to provide you with features and functions of the Application, and to communicate with you and provide you with other requested content related to our services and other offerings. Please read 2. What information does SONY collect? and 3. How does SONY use the Collected Data? to learn more.We may share or disclose the Collected Data when we engage a third party to provide services on our behalf, when such sharing is required by law, or in certain other situations. Please read 4. Who else has access to the Collected Data? to learn more. Depending on where you are located, the Collected Data may be transferred out of your home country/region to the United States, Japan and other jurisdictions that may not provide the same level of data protection as your home country/region. Please read 6. Transfer of the Collected Data internationally and Consent to processing to learn more.California Residents, please see our CA Privacy Notice for more information on your California privacy rights. 2. What information does SONY collect? SONY collects and uses information or data as described below. Some of this information may be considered personal information under applicable law in your jurisdiction (collectively, the “Collected Data”), and it is collected when you choose to provide information to us or automatically when you use the Application. (ⅰ) Information about your device on which the Application is installed (the “Installed Device”) and component parts thereof: Device ID which is to be allocated automatically, Android Advertising ID (if your Installed Device is an Android based device) and specifications/features (e.g. product type, manufacturer name, and model name);Operating System and Operating System version;Language code, country or region, time zone;Operational status of your Installed Device and component parts thereof (e.g. sensors and display); and IP address used by such Installed Device’s internet connection (ⅱ) Information about the Application: Application ID (assigned to the Application by us; it is not a unique identifier which would allow us to identify a specific user of a downloaded Application); Application version;Time stamp related to the usage of the Application on the Installed Device; and Information regarding the usage status and usage history of the Application on the Installed Device (ⅲ) Information about the device which is connected to the Installed Device and which is detected by or registered to the Application (namely, your SONY audio products, “Related Device”): Device ID (such as, Bluetooth address) which is to be allocated automatically and specifications/features (e.g. product type, device name, manufacturer name, and model name);Operational status and setting information of the Related Device (e.g. software version; language; country or region); andInformation regarding the usage status and usage history of the Related Device (e.g. information regarding operations of the Related Device, functions in use, products/devices connected to the Related Device, errors). 3. How does SONY use the Collected Data? SONY uses your Collected Data for the following purposes: (i) Providing the features and function of the Application to you. SONY may use the Collected Data in order to provide you with certain functions and features of the Application and respond to your inquiries. (ⅱ) Improving/developing SONY´s products and services SONY uses the Collected Data to improve and develop SONY’s current and future products and services, which may be linked and analyzed in conjunction with the data we collect through other Sony audio applications if you use one of those. For the collected data through those applications, please refer to the privacy policies for those applications.Product improvement and/or development includes those relating to either an improvement of the technical functions of the Related Device or the usability of such product for user´s convenience. 4. Who else has access to the Collected Data? We do not share personal information with third parties for their own marketing purposes but we may share non-personal information, including aggregate data and de-identified data, with third parties to the fullest extent allowed by law. In addition, SONY may share Collected Data with SONY Affiliates and third parties, as follows: SONY Affiliates Collected Data may be shared with and used by other SONY Affiliates for the purposes of internal business purpose and product improvement and development as described above. SONY may otherwise share Collected Data with SONY Affiliates for other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. If you contact your local SONY Affiliate in relation to queries on the Applications, or for repair or return requests of Related Devices we also may need to share Collected Data with that Sony Affiliate in connection with that request. Service Providers SONY and SONY Affiliates may use third party service providers to process the Collected Data on their behalf for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. Such third parties include, but are not limited to, IT service providers and data hosting providers. Business transfer In the event that SONY or a SONY Affiliate sells or transfers a portion or all of its business, the Collected Data may be transferred by SONY or such SONY Affiliate to the purchasing or acquiring entity as part of the transaction, including any due diligence process connected to the sale or transfer. Government Authorities/ Law Enforcement Officials Collected Data may be disclosed to government authorities and/or law enforcement officials if required by the applicable laws. Other Unaffiliated Third Parties We may disclose Collected Data to auditors or similar external consultants like lawyers or tax advisors, to defend and exercise our legal rights (e.g. enforcing compliance with the terms of use) and as we believe necessary to comply with our legal obligations. 5. Data Retention SONY will keep the Collected Data for as long as it is necessary for the relationship with you and the purposes detailed in Section 3 or otherwise permitted or required under applicable law. SONY may retain Collected Data for an appropriate period to protect ourselves from legal claims, to administer our business, or to the extent permitted by applicable law, which may require us to hold the relevant Collected Data for specific periods. 6. Transfer of the Collected Data internationally and Consent to processing The Collected Data may be processed, stored and transferred to countries/regions outside your country/region of residence, including in particular Japan. By using the Application, or providing us with any information, you fully understand and consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States, Japan and other jurisdictions, where the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen. 7. Security SONY undertakes reasonable security measures designed to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of the Collected Data. Although SONY strives to protect the Collected Data, SONY cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any Collected Data transmitted to SONY through the Application or that SONY stores on its systems or that is stored on SONY’s third party contractors' systems. 8. Policy Regarding Children SONY is committed to complying with all applicable laws and regulations regarding the collection, storage and use of the Collected Data concerning children, including the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act in the United States. This Application is intended for a general audience; the Application is not directed to and does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16. If you are a parent or guardian and are concerned that your child has provided SONY with personal information (as defined by applicable law), you should contact us as indicated below. 9. Changes/Policy Governs Use SONY reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy and will notify you of any changes by prominently posting notice of the amendment on or within the Application. We may also provide notice to you in other ways, such as through contact information you have provided. You are advised to consult the posted Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of the Application after the posted effective date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by those changes to the extent allowed by law. 10.Notice to California Residents/Other State Rights: California Privacy Notice If you reside in California, we are required to provide additional information to you about how we collect, use and disclose your information, and you have the right to request that we provide you with access to Collected Data, delete Collected Data, and to opt-out of any sale of personal information. Please refer to this California-specific information here: CA Personal Information. Consistent with Section 2 above, we may collect certain categories of information about California residents that may be considered “personal information” (“CA Personal Information”) as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, specifically: Identifiers: Such as Device ID, Application ID and IP address; Internet or other electronic network activity information: Such as operational status and setting information, usage status and usage history, and specifications of content. Sources of CA Personal Information. Consistent with Section 2 above, we may collect CA Personal Information from you, the Application, the Installed Device or the Related Device. CA Personal Information Disclosed For Business Purposes. Sharing your CA Personal Information for Business Purposes: In the preceding twelve months, we may have shared the following categories of CA Personal Information for business purposes: Identifiers and Internet or other electronic network activity information. This information may be shared for the purpose of providing services to you, to improve/develop SONY’s products, or for legitimate business purposes, in compliance with law. Sale of CA Personal Information: In the preceding twelve months, we have not sold (as defined under CCPA) CA Personal Information. California Consumer Rights. Subject to certain exceptions, as a California resident, you may have the following rights to your CA Personal Information: (i) Access. Request access to your CA Personal Information that we collect, use, or disclose; (ii) Deletion. Request deletion of your CA Personal Information; provided that to the extent permitted by applicable law, we may be required to retain some of your CA Personal Information; and (iii) CA Personal Information Disclosed For Business Purposes. Request information about the CA Personal Information we have disclosed for business purposes within the preceding 12 months. Exercising other California consumer rights. If you are a California resident and wish to exercise any of these rights or if you have questions regarding the Information collected or shared with third parties, please: (a) email us at: privacy@am.sony.com, with the specific nature of your request, referencing “Your California Privacy Rights – Fiestable”; or (b) call the following toll-free number 1-833-681-9900. When submitting your request, you must include your first and last name, email address, and zip code or mailing address. You may be asked to provide additional proof of identification so that we can verify your identity and validate the request. Please note that you are limited by law in the number of requests you may submit per year. We will not discriminate against you by offering you different pricing or products, or by providing you with a different level or quality of products, based solely upon you exercising your rights to your CA Personal Information. Authorized Agents: To the extent that you elect to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, they must provide appropriate documentation including written signed permission from you, proof of your identity, and verification of their identity; or a valid, designated power of attorney as defined under the California Probate Code. Access Notice in Alternative Formats. Consumers who need assistance accessing the notice in alternative format can do so by emailing us at: privacy@am.sony.com 11. Contact Us If you have any questions or comments about our practices regarding your Collected Data or about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: Sony Electronics Inc. 115 West Century Rd., Suite 250 Paramus, NJ 07652 Attn: Privacy Office Telephone: 1-833-681-9900 Email: privacy@am.sony.com Canada: Sony of Canada Ltd., Attn: Privacy Officer, Law Department 2235 Shepard Avenue East, Suite 700 Toronto, ON M2J 5B5 Telephone, toll-free (within Canada): 1-888-494-7669 Email: privacy@am.sony.comPRIVACY POLICY FOR “SONY | HEADPHONES CONNECT” APPLICATION This Privacy Policy applies to “Sony | Headphones Connect” (the “Application”). The Application is a mobile application dedicated to wireless headphones from SONY, and it allows you to customize the sound from your headphones according to your preference. In this Privacy Policy, we use “SONY,” "we," "us," and "our" to refer to Sony Home Entertainment & Sound Products Inc. This Privacy Policy explains how we use what types of your personal data, with whom we share the data, how we transfer it to other countries/regions, how long we keep the data, what rights and choices you have and how you can contact us with queries. (For Users in EU/EEA or California) If you are located in the EU/EEA, please note that additional terms and conditions set forth in Section 12 (For Users in EU/EEA) of this Privacy Policy shall also be applicable to you. If you are located in the State of California, please note that additional terms and conditions set forth in Section 13 (For Users in the State of California) of this Privacy Policy shall also be applicable to you. 1. SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS We use the Collected Data (defined below) to provide you with features and functions of “Sony | Headphones Connect” Application, and to provide you with other requested content related to our services and other offerings. Please read here to learn more.The Privacy Policy also describes your data protection rights, including a right to object to some of the processing which SONY carries out. Please read here to learn more about your rights. We disclose the Collected Data when we engage a third party to process data on our behalf, when such sharing is required by law, or in certain other situations. Please read here to learn more.Depending on where you are located, the Collected Data may be transferred out of your home country/region to the United States, Japan and other jurisdictions that may not provide the same level of data protection as your home country/region. Please read here to learn more. 2. What information do we obtain? SONY collects and uses information or data as described below. Some of this information may be considered personal information under applicable law in your jurisdiction (collectively, the “Collected Data”), and it is collected automatically when you use the Application. (ⅰ) Information about your device on which the Application is installed (the “Installed Device”) and component parts thereof: Device ID which is to be allocated automatically and specifications/features (e.g. product type, manufacturer name, and model name);Operating System and Operating System version;Language code, country or region, time zone;Operational status of your Installed Device and component parts thereof (e.g. sensors and display); and IP address used by such Installed Device’s internet connection (ⅱ) Information about the Application: Application ID (assigned to the Application by us; it is not a unique identifier which would allow us to identify a specific user of a downloaded Application); Application version;Time stamp related to the usage of the Application on the Installed Device; and Information regarding the usage status and usage history of the Application on the Installed Device (ⅲ) Information about the device which is connected to the Installed Device and which is detected by or registered to the Application (namely, your SONY headphones products, “Related Device”): Device ID (namely, Bluetooth address, serial number and the identifier which is to be automatically allocated at the time of registration) and specifications/features (e.g. product type, device name, manufacturer name, and model name);Operational status and setting information of the Related Device (e.g. software version; language; country or region);Information regarding the usage status and usage history of the Related Device (e.g. information regarding operations of the Related Device, functions in use, products/devices connected to the Related Device, errors); and Technical information regarding specifications of contents you listen to by the Related Device (e.g. codec). For the avoidance of doubt, this technical information does not allow us to draw conclusions on any contents you may have listened to. Sony uses the above Collected Data for the purposes set forth in Section 3 below, as strictly required to fulfill these purposes in order to provide you with the features and functions of the Application. 3. How does SONY use the Collected Data? SONY processes your Collected Data through the Application for the purposes listed hereafter: (For the avoidance of doubt, SONY does not process any of the Collected Data to provide the minimum functions of the Application for operating it. These activities happen on the Installed Device´s operating system.For this, no Collected Data is transferred to SONY.) (i) Pushing updates to your Application or Related Device Each time you start the Application on your Installed Device, the Application sends a “request” to SONY´s server to check whether any updates for the Application or the firmware of the Related Device are available and to send latest software or firmware in case any update should be available. For this, we only process your IP address. (ii) Providing “Help” upon your request If Help is requested by you, certain technical information about the Installed Device, about the Application and about the Related Device are transferred to SONY in order to provide the Help. This transfer of data enables SONY providing you with “customized” Help webpages for the Application and the specific technical issue you experience. For this, we process the following of your Collected Data: Information about the Installed Device and component parts thereof: Language code, Country, Region, IP address, Time zone.Information about the Application: Application ID, Application version (incl. OS information), Usage status and history information (technical data, e.g. screen or error ID etc.).Information about the Related Device: Operational status and setting information of the Related Device (technical data, e.g. software version or Bluetooth codec), information regarding the usage status and history of the Related Device (technical data, e.g. Bluetooth strength). (iii) Improving/developing SONY´s products and services SONY uses all of the Collected Data listed in Section 2 above to improve and develop SONY’s current and future products and services where you select “Agree and Proceed”. Product improvement and/or development includes those relating to either an improvement of the technical functions of the Related Device or the usability of such product for user´s convenience. Such product improvement/development is only done on a “general” level, not on an individual user level, so specific users are not targeted. This includes, through analysing logfiles of the app usage, complementing our app with new useful functions if we determine malfunctions or other technical issues (e.g. new function to fix connectivity issues); or change of default or other settings respectively accentuating specific settings/functions or respectively ceasing certain functions, in any case to add value to your user experience. SONY´s affiliates may access and use the Collected Data to improve and develop SONY’s current and future products and services as well, however only in an aggregated/anonymized, i.e. non-personal manner. In this case, we process the Collected Data because you have given us your consent. You can withdraw your consent above at any time by selecting "(3 dots) Menu" > "About this app" > "Privacy settings" in the Application. 4. Who else has access to the Collected Data? We do not share Collected Data with third parties for their own marketing purposes. The Collected Data that is communicated to and stored by SONY may be made available to SONY Affiliates and to other third parties, as follows: SONY Affiliates The Collected Data may be shared with and used by other SONY Affiliates only on an aggregated/anonymized level for the purposes of product improvement/development as outlined in Section 3(iii) above. "SONY Affiliates” shall mean Sony Corporation, which is the ultimate parent company of SONY and any legal entities controlled by Sony Corporation. SONY and SONY Affiliates shall be collectively referred to as “SONY Group”. The term “control” in this context means the direct or indirect ownership of at least fifty percent (50%) of the voting interest in such corporation or the power in fact to control the management decisions of such entity. Service Providers SONY and SONY Affiliates may use third party contractors as processors/service providers to process the Collected Data on their behalf for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. Such third parties include, but are not limited to, IT service providers or data hosting providers. Our hosting provider is Amazon Web Services in the US, acting as our processor. Business transfer In the event that SONY or a SONY Affiliate sells or transfers a portion or all of its business, the Collected Data may be transferred by SONY or such SONY Affiliate to the purchasing or acquiring entity as part of the transaction. Government Authorities/ Law Enforcement Officials Personal data may be disclosed to government authorities and/or law enforcement officials if required by the applicable laws. Other Unaffiliated Third Parties We may disclose personal data to auditors or similar external consultants like lawyers or tax advisors, to exercise our legal rights (e.g. enforcing compliance with the terms of use) and to help us fulfill our legal obligations. 5.Data Retention SONY will keep the Collected Data for as long as it is necessary for the relationship with you and the purposes detailed in Section 3 or otherwise permitted or required under applicable law. SONY may retain Collected Data for an appropriate period to protect ourselves from legal claims, to administer our business, or to the extent permitted by applicable law, which may require us to hold the relevant Collected Data for specific periods. With regard to Collected Data which is processed based on your consent declaration, SONY will apply a maximum of twenty-seven (27) months retention period from the date of the collection of the Collected Data. Collected Data which is processed for pushing updates to the Application or Related Device will be deleted after the Internet communication required for this is completed. Collected Data which is processed for providing Help to you upon your request will be deleted after the requested Help has been provided to you. 6. Transfer of the Collected Data internationally The Collected Data will be processed, stored and transferred for the purposes outlined in Section 3 to countries/regions outside the European Economic Area (EEA) and/or your country/region of residence, including in particular Japan and the United States. Where information is transferred out of the European Economic Area (EEA) to us or a third party in connection with the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, we will, to the extent that no statutory level of security comparable to the European data protection laws exists in such countries/regions, adopt appropriate measures to ensure that your personal data will be adequately protected in these countries/regions. In particular, we may apply the standard contractual clauses published by the European Commission or an appropriate Privacy Shield certification. Where the Collected Data is transferred to Japan, the adequate level of data protection is confirmed by the European Commission´s adequacy decision. 7. Security SONY undertakes reasonable security measures designed to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of the Collected Data. Although SONY strives to protect the Collected Data, SONY cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any Collected Data transmitted to SONY through the Application or that SONY stores on its systems or that is stored on SONY’s third party contractors' systems. 8. SONY Group’s Policy Regarding Children SONY Group is committed to complying with all applicable laws and regulations regarding the collection, storage and use of the Collected Data concerning children, including the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act in the United States and applicable local legislation in other countries/regions. This Application is intended for a general audience; the Application is not directed to and does not knowingly collect personal information from children younger than age 16. If you are a parent or guardian and are concerned that your child has provided a SONY Affiliate with personal information (as defined by applicable law), you should contact such SONY Affiliate as indicated below. 9. Privacy Rights In some countries/regions, you have certain rights with respect to the Collected Data SONY or a SONY Affiliate holds about you. These may include the right to request a copy of the Collected Data that SONY or a SONY Affiliate holds about you and/or the right to request that SONY or the SONY Affiliate amends, deletes, blocks/restricts or corrects such Collected Data if it is inaccurate. You may also have the right to ask us to provide some types of the Collected Data to you, or another organization nominated by you, in a structured and machine readable format. In addition, you can object to the processing of the Collected Data in some circumstances (in particular, where we don’t have to process the data to meet a contractual or other legal requirement). 10. Changes SONY will notify you of any changes to SONY’s Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here http://policies.songpal.sony.net/headphones/pp/na/20200110/pp/hpc_pp_na_en-us.html and by prominently posting notice of the amendment on the Application. You are advised to consult the posted Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. 11. Contact Information This Privacy Policy applies to: SONY as a data controller. SONY's address is Sony City Osaki, 2-10-1, Osaki, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo, 141-8610, Japan. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, or if you wish to exercise any legal right you may have in respect of the Collected Data, please contact us at www.sony.net/SonyInfo/Support/ If you are in the EU: Sony Home Entertainment & Sound Products Inc., a Japanese company, is the controller for the Collected Data. Our representative in the EU is Sony Europe BV, a Dutch company, whose business address is Taurusavenue 16, 2132LS Hoofddorp, the Netherlands.If you have any concerns about how we process your data, you can contact our representative in the EU by emailing: privacyoffice.SEU@sony.com . You can also get in touch by writing to Sony Europe BV at the address above or at The Privacy Office c/o Sony Europe Legal Department, The Heights, Brooklands, Weybridge, Surrey KT13 0XW, The United Kingdom, or you can contact your local Sony company at http://sony-europe.com . If you are in the United Kingdom: Sony Home Entertainment & Sound Products Inc., a Japanese company, is the controller for the Collected Data. Our representative in the UK is Sony Europe BV, a Dutch company, whose UK branch has its business address in The Privacy Office, The Heights, Brooklands, Weybridge, Surrey KT13 0XW, The United Kingdom. If you have any concerns about how we process your data, you can contact our representative in the UK by emailing: privacyoffice.SEU@sony.com . You can also get in touch by writing to The Privacy Office c/o Sony Europe Legal Department, The Heights, Brooklands, Weybridge, Surrey KT13 0XW, The United Kingdom, or you can contact your local Sony company at http://sony-europe.com . 12. For Users in EU/EEA If you are located in the EU/EEA, Sony Home Entertainment & Sound Products Inc. is the data controller of the Collected Data. If you are located in the EU/EEA, please note that the legal basis for SONY’s processing under EU-law is Article 6 (1) (b) General Data Protection Regulation: SONY’s processing of certain data for providing the minimum functions of the Application (please refer to Section 3 above) is based on the necessity of performing our obligations in connection with the EULA we have with you (for this, no Collected Data is transferred to Sony). the legal basis for SONY processing your IP address data for pushing updates to your Application or Related Device (please refer to Section 3(i) above) is the performance of the EULA we have with you. the legal basis for SONY processing Collected Data for providing “Help” upon your request is that such processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests pursued by Sony. The legitimate interest pursued by SONY in relation to our use of your Collected Data is the efficient and effective provision of support to our customers (Please refer to Section 3(ii) above). please note that your consent (please refer to Section 3(iii) above) forms the legal basis for SONY processing Collected Data for improving/developing SONY’s products and services under EU-law is (Article 6 (1) (a) General Data Protection Regulation). Privacy Rights for EU Residents: With regard to your Collected Data that we process if you are located in the EU/EEA, you may have the following rights pursuant to Art. 15-18 and Art. 19-21 GDPR: You have the right to access (including a copy of) your Collected Data (Art. 15 GDPR); to correct, delete or restrict (stop any active) processing of your Collected Data (Art. 16-18 GDPR); and to obtain the Collected Data you provide to us for a contract or with your consent in a structured, machine readable format, and to ask us to share (port) this Collected Data to another controller (Art. 20 GDPR). In addition, you can object to the processing of your Collected Data in some circumstances (in particular, where we don’t have to process the data to meet a contractual or other legal requirement, or where we are using the data for direct marketing - Art. 21 GDPR). Where we have asked for your consent, you may withdraw consent at any time (Art. 7 para 3 GDPR). If you ask to withdraw your consent to SONY processing your data, this will not affect any processing which has already taken place at that time. These rights may be limited, for example if fulfilling your request would reveal personal data about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or have compelling legitimate interests in keeping. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact SONY at www.sony.net/SonyInfo/Support/ You also have the right to complain to a supervisory authority for data protection in the country/region where you live, where you work, or where you consider that a breach of data protection has occurred - although we hope that we can assist with queries or concerns you may have about our use of the Collected Data. 13. For Users in the State of California How we respond to Do Not Track Signals. Some web browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” feature that signals to websites that you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. How browsers communicate the Do Not Track signal is not yet uniform. For this reason, our Application does not respond to such signals. Privacy Rights for Residents of the State of California: As disclosed above we do not share personal information subject to California Civil Code Section 1798.83 with third parties for their own marketing purposes.If you have questions about information we collect or how we use or share such information, please contact us at privacyoffice.SEU@sony.com Effective Date: This Privacy Policy was revised and is effective as of December 10, 2019. © 2017,2018,2019 Sony Home Entertainment & Sound Products Inc.PRIVACY POLICY FOR “SONY | HEADPHONES CONNECT” AND “SONY | 360 SPATIAL SOUND PERSONALIZER” APPLICATIONS Effective Date: This Privacy Policy was revised and is effective as of September 29, 2021. This Privacy Policy applies to “Sony | Headphones Connect” (the “Headphones Connect”) and “Sony | 360 Spatial Sound Personalizer” (the “360 Spatial Sound Personalizer”) (collectively, the “Application(s)”). This Privacy Policy explains our collection, use, sharing and other practices regarding your data when you use each Application. Headphones Connect is a mobile application dedicated to wireless headphones from SONY, and it allows you to customize the sound from your headphones according to your preference. 360 Spatial Sound Personalizer is a mobile application that allows you to enjoy personalized 360 Reality Audio settings on compatible Sony products by using the camera of your mobile device. In this Privacy Policy, we use “SONY,” "we," "us," and "our" to refer to Sony Corporation. “SONY Affiliates” shall mean Sony Group Corporation, which is the ultimate parent company of SONY and any legal entities controlled by Sony Group Corporation. The term “control” in this context means the direct or indirect ownership of at least fifty percent (50%) of the voting interest in such corporation or the power in fact to control the management decisions of such entity. This Privacy Policy only applies to the Applications and is in addition to any other privacy policy that may apply to your interactions with SONY and SONY Affiliates or any third party, regarding their product, software or service. 1. SUMMARY OF KEY POINTS We use the Collected Data (defined below) for providing you with features and functions of the Applications, improving/developing Sony’s products and services and providing information and advertisements to you. Please read 2. What information does SONY collect? and 3. How does SONY use the Collected Data? and here to learn more.We may share or disclose the Collected Data when we engage a third party to process data on our behalf, when such sharing is required by law, or in certain other situations. Please read 4. Who else has access to the Collected Data? to learn more. Depending on where you are located, the Collected Data may be transferred out of your home country/region to the United States, Japan and other jurisdictions that may not provide the same level of data protection as your home country/region. Please read 6. Transfer of the Collected Data internationally and Consent to processing to learn more.California Residents, please see our CA Privacy Notice for more information on your California privacy rights. 2. What information does SONY collect? SONY collects and uses information or data as described below. Some of this information may be considered personal information under applicable law in your jurisdiction, and it is collected when you choose to provide information to us or automatically when you use the Application (collectively, the “Collected Data”). (A) Information collected when you create a SHES Account: (i) Sign-in authentication If you decide to activate certain services, such as the Backup and Restoration of Settings service described in section 3. (A) (i) , you will be required to create a Sony’s cloud service account for Home Entertainment & Sound Products (“SHES Account”) according to the [ Terms of Use ] and [ Privacy Policy ]. In order to create an SHES Account, you will first need to provide sign in authentication via either (1) a Sony account (SHES Cloud service) or (2) a Google, Facebook, Amazon or Apple (“ID provider”) authentication. More information about the data we collect in connection with each authentication method is below. We use cookies, activation codes and/or tokens as necessary for us to provide you SHES Account service or to link your device to a service. If you choose to create or use a Sony account (SHES Cloud service) for authentication when you create a SHES Account, SONY will collect the following: Email address;Password;Date of birth;Country/Region;Language preferences;Security question and answer. We also collect information about your usage of the website of the SHES Account (access status, etc) Once you have successfully signed into your Sony account (SHES Cloud service), your mobile device will receive a digital ‘access token’ from this Sony account (SHES Cloud service). Please be aware that some Sony accounts for other Sony group services will be linked automatically if you use the same sign-in ID and password. For more information about linking accounts, please go: https://acm.account.sony.com/linking-account For password management and authentication, you can also register a security question and answer and telephone number at the Sony account (SHES Cloud service) security setting page. This Collected Data is not used for any other purpose.If you choose to use an ID provider authentication when you create a SHES Account, SONY will collect the following: Your first name and last name;Email address;Tokens as a result of sign-in authenticationID provider service that you chose Please note that the information we collect from and through an ID provider may depend on the privacy settings you have set with the ID provider and the permissions you grant to us in connection with linking your SHES Account to your account with an ID provider. We do not share any Collected Data with the ID provider, and the personal information an ID provider has about you is obtained by the ID provider independent of our service, and SHES is not responsible for it. For more information how relevant ID provider handles the processing of your data, please visit the following websites: Facebook Connect: Privacy Policy and Terms of Use (ii) SHES Account After you have completed sign-in authentication, you will create your SHES Account and we will assign identifiers, issue tokens and collect the following information you provide: Email address; Display name;Country/region;Postal code. Please note that you may create separate SHES Accounts for each email address you choose to use. (iii) Backup and Setting Restoration In order to provide you the Backup and Restoration of Settings service of Headphones Connect, and personalized 360 Reality Audio settings service of 360 Spatial Sound Personalizer, we will collect and store settings of the Related Device (defined below) according to the Application (“Related Device Settings Data”) and link this information with your respective SHES Account. Related Device Settings Data includes following information. Information regarding Adaptive Sound Control settings (i.e. Registered Location data including place name you input and adjusted Noise Cancelling settings for the Registered Location)Information regarding 360 Reality Audio SettingsInformation regarding automatic download of software settings Information regarding Activity function (i.e. Bluetooth address of Related Device, specifications/features (e.g. model name and color), time stamp related to the connection between Related Device and Headphones Connect, time for each Action, badges you acquired, Registered Location) (B) Information collected through Headphones Connect (ⅰ) Information about your device on which Headphones Connect is installed (the “Installed Device”) and component parts thereof: Device ID which is to be allocated automatically, Android Advertising ID (if your Installed Device is an Android based device), Identifier for Advertisers (if your Installed Device is an iOS based device) and specifications/features (e.g. product type, manufacturer name, and model name);Operating System and Operating System version;Language code, country or region, time zone;Operational status of your Installed Device and component parts thereof (e.g. sensors and display); and IP address used by such Installed Device’s internet connection. (ⅱ) Information about Headphones Connect: Application ID (assigned to Headphones Connect by us; it is not a unique identifier which would allow us to identify a specific user); Application version;Time stamp related to the usage of Headphones Connect on the Installed Device; Information regarding the usage status and usage history;Information regarding Adaptive Sound Control settings (category of frequently visited locations that you register); andInformation regarding your activity (your activity that is analyzed from time stamp related to the usage of Headphones Connect on the Installed Device, and information regarding usage status and usage history , including total time for each Action, Iinformation regarding badges you acquired). (ⅲ) Information about your SONY headphone product(s) connected to the Installed Device and which is detected by or registered to the Headphones Connect including settings (“Related Device”): Device IDs (such as, Bluetooth address, serial number and the identifier which is to be automatically allocated at the time of registration) and specifications/features (e.g. product type, device name, manufacturer name, model name, and color);Operational status and setting information of the Related Device (e.g. software version; language; country or region);Time stamp related to the connection between Related Device and Headphones Connect; Information regarding the usage status and usage history of the Related Device (e.g. information regarding operations of the Related Device, functions in use, products/devices connected to the Related Device, errors); and Technical information regarding specifications of contents you listen to by the Related Device (e.g. codec). For the avoidance of doubt, this technical information does not allow us to draw inferences or conclusions regarding any content you may have listened to.(ⅳ) Information collected by surveys: From time to time, SONY may ask you whether you would like to participate in one of our surveys. We may ask for information, such as your interests and preferences with regard to current and future audio-related products and services on the market. You can decide not to participate in the survey by closing the browser or tabs of the survey at any point during the survey. (C) Information collected through 360 Spatial Sound Personalizer (i) Information about the device on which the 360 Spatial Sound Personalizer is installed (the “Installed Device”) and component parts thereof: Operating System and Operating System version;Operational status of your Installed Device and component parts thereof (e.g. sensors and display); andIP address used by such Installed Device’s internet connection. (ii) Information about the 360 Spatial Sound Personalizer: Application version; andInformation regarding the usage status and usage history. 3. How does SONY use the Collected Data? In addition to providing you the features/functions of each Application and the related services, SONY uses your Collected Data for the following purposes: (A) Headphones Connect (i) Backup and Restoration of Settings service Headphones Connect provides a backup and restoration of settings service linked with your SHES Account, whereby the Related Device Settings Data is uploaded to and stored on our servers (“Backup and Restoration of Settings”). This enables you to backup and restore your Related Device Settings Data when you change your Installed Device by installing Headphones Connect on a new device and or re-installation of the Application and signing in to the same SHES Account. If you would like to delete the Related Device Settings Data, you can go to [Backup and restoration of settings and records] > [Delete the backup and sign out]. (ⅱ) Pushing updates to Headphones Connect or your Related Device Each time you start Headphones Connect on your Installed Device, Headphones Connect sends a “request” to SONY´s server to check whether any updates for Headphones Connect or the firmware of the Related Device are available and to send latest software or firmware in case any update should be available. For this, we only use your IP address. (ⅲ) Providing “Help” upon your request If Help is requested by you, certain technical information about the Installed Device, about Headphones Connect and about the Related Device are transferred to SONY in order to provide service to you through the Help feature. This transfer of data enables SONY to provide you with “customized” Help webpages for Headphones Connect and the specific technical issue you experience. (ⅳ) Providing “Activity” function If you activate a function, Headphones Connect will provide you Activity tracking function based on your activity log with your Related Device. If you would like to delete information regarding your Activity on Installed Device, you can go to [Activity Settings]. (ⅴ) Improving/developing SONY´s products and services SONY uses the Collected Data (except data collected solely for backup and restoration service) to improve and develop SONY’s current and future products and services, which may be linked and analyzed in conjunction with the data we collect through other Sony audio applications if you use one of those. For the collected data through those applications, please refer to the privacy policies for those applications or services. Product improvement and/or development includes those relating to either an improvement of the technical functions of the Related Device or the usability of such product for user´s convenience. (ⅵ) Providing information and advertisements to you through Affiliates SONY shares the Collected Data (except data collected solely for backup and restoration service) with its local operating SONY Affiliate which may send you emails and provide you with information, recommendations and targeted and/or personalized advertisements and marketing regarding Sony products, services and other offerings that may be of interest to you. Such advertising may be delivered to you directly or across websites that you visit. For more information on the privacy practices of our local operating SONY Affiliates, please refer to the respective privacy policy. For users in the United States, click here: Sony Electronics Privacy Policy and for California residents: CA Privacy Notice For users in Canada, click here: EN) Sony Canada Privacy Policy , FR) Sony Canada Privacy Policy You can unsubscribe from receiving email marketing from Sony Affiliates at any time using the “unsubscribe” link in such email or you may contact such Sony Affiliate as described in the applicable privacy policy. To the extent permitted by law, SONY Affiliates may share de-identified Collected Data with network advertisers or others in order to target advertisements to you or limit the number of times you see advertisements.You may be able to opt out of certain targeted advertising by visiting TRUSTe's website here . Please be aware that if you choose to block cookies, some advertising preferences dependent on cookies may not be able to be respected and that even if you opt out of targeted online advertising, you will continue to receive generic ads online. (B) 360 Spatial Sound Personalizer Personalized 360 Reality Audio settings service The 360 Spatial Sound Personalizer enables you to set up customized 360 Reality Audio settings by uploading your 360 Reality Audio setting data to Sony servers and linking to your SHES Account. 4. Who else has access to the Collected Data? We do not share personal information with unaffiliated third parties for their own marketing purposes but we may share non-personal information, including aggregate data and de-identified data, with third parties to the fullest extent allowed by law. In addition, SONY may share Collected Data with SONY Affiliates and third parties as follows: SONY Affiliates The Collected Data may be shared with and used by SONY Affiliates for internal business purposes and for product and service improvement and development, which may be linked and analyzed in conjunction with the data we collect through other Sony audio applications if you use one of those. SONY may otherwise share Collected Data with SONY Affiliates for other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. If you contact your local SONY Affiliate in relation to queries on the Applications, or for repair or return requests of Related Devices we also may need to share Collected Data with that Sony Affiliate in connection with that request. Service Providers SONY and SONY Affiliates may use third party service providers to process the Collected Data on their behalf for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. Such third parties include, but are not limited to, IT service providers and data hosting providers. Our hosting provider is Amazon Web Services in the US, acting as our processor. Business transfer In the event that SONY or a SONY Affiliate sells or transfers a portion or all of its business, the Collected Data may be transferred by SONY or such SONY Affiliate to the purchasing or acquiring entity as part of the transaction, including any due diligence process connected to the sale or transfer. Government Authorities/ Law Enforcement Officials Collected Data may be disclosed to government authorities and/or law enforcement officials if required by the applicable laws. Other Unaffiliated Third Parties We may disclose Collected Data to auditors or similar external consultants like lawyers or tax advisors, to defend and exercise our legal rights (e.g. enforcing compliance with the terms of use) and as we believe necessary to comply with our legal obligations. Firebase and Apple Push Notifications service Headphones Connect uses Firebase, a service provided by Google Inc.(“Google”) for Android user, and Apple Push Notifications service, a service provided by Apple Inc.(“Apple”) for iOS user, in order to provide you push notice function. To better understand how Google and Apple use the information it receives, visit: 5. Data Retention SONY will keep the Collected Data for as long as it is necessary for the relationship with you and the purposes detailed in Section 3 or otherwise permitted or required under applicable law. SONY may retain Collected Data for an appropriate period to protect ourselves from legal claims, to administer our business, or to the extent permitted by applicable law, which may require us to hold the relevant Collected Data for specific periods. 6. Transfer of the Collected Data internationally and Consent to processing The Collected Data may be processed, stored and transferred to countries/regions outside your country/region of residence, including in particular the United States and Japan. By using the Application, or providing us with any information, you fully understand and consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States, Japan and other jurisdictions, where the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen. 7. Security SONY undertakes reasonable security measures designed to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of the Collected Data. Although SONY strives to protect the Collected Data, SONY cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any Collected Data transmitted to SONY through the Application or that SONY stores on its systems or that is stored on SONY’s third party contractors' systems. 8. Policy Regarding Children SONY is committed to complying with all applicable laws and regulations regarding the collection, storage and use of the Collected Data concerning children, including the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act in the United States.This Application is intended for a general audience; the Application is not directed to and does not knowingly collect personal information from children younger than age of 16. Depending on your country/region of residence, this threshold age for a child may differ. If you are a parent or guardian and are concerned that your child has provided SONY with personal information (as defined by applicable law), you should contact us as indicated below. 9. Changes/Policy Governs Use SONY reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy and will notify you of any changes by prominently posting notice of the amendment on or within the Application. We may also provide notice to you in other ways, such as through contact information you have provided. You are advised to consult the posted Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of the Application after the posted effective date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by those changes to the extent allowed by law. 10. Notice to California Residents/Other State Rights: California Privacy Notice If you reside in California, we are required to provide additional information to you about how we collect, use and disclose your information, and you have the right to request that we provide you with access to Collected Data, delete Collected Data, and to opt-out of any sale of personal information. Please refer to this California-specific information here: CA Privacy Notice California residents may submit a data request here: Do Not Sell My Info Data Access/Deletion Requests Additional Notice to California Residents: If you are a California resident, under the California “Shine the Light” law, you have the right to receive: a) information identifying any third party company(ies) to which we may have disclosed, within the past year, personal information pertaining to you and your family for that company's direct marketing purposes; and b) a description of the categories of personal information disclosed. To obtain such information, please email your request to privacy@am.sony.com , and include your name, email address, mailing address or zip code, and a reference to “Your California Privacy Rights – Headphones Connect.” We are not responsible for requests that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information. Notice to Nevada Residents: If you are a Nevada resident, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of certain personally identifiable information we have collected about you to third parties. SONY does not currently sell your personally identifiable information as those terms are defined under Nevada law. However, if you wish to submit a request to opt-out of the sale of such information if Sony were to engage in such a sale in the future, you may submit your request in writing to: privacy@am.sony.com . Your request must reference “Your Nevada Rights – Headphones Connect” and include your name, mailing address, zip code, and email address. We are not responsible for requests that do not come through the designated request mechanism or do not contain sufficient information to allow us to process your request. We will respond to valid requests within 60 days. 11. Contact Us If you have any questions or comments about our practices regarding your Collected Information or about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: United States: Sony Electronics Inc. 115 West Century Rd., Suite 250 Paramus, NJ 07652 Attn: Privacy Office Telephone: 1-833-681-9900 Email: privacy@am.sony.com Canada: Sony of Canada Ltd., Attn: Privacy Officer, Law Department 2235 Shepard Avenue East, Suite 700 Toronto, ON M2J 5B5 Telephone, toll-free (within Canada): 1-888-494-7669 Email: privacy@am.sony.com