Getting Started Guide The Basics Platforms nems-tools Components Notifications NEMS Commands Configuration Applications NEMS Cloud Services Monitoring Specific Platforms Advanced Configuration Hardware Changelogs Upcoming Features To-Do List and Report Bugs Miscellaneous Troubleshooting Credits NEMS SaaS NEMS Anonymous Stats NEMS Anonymous Stats NEMS Linux sends anonymous, non-confidential usage data to the NEMS Linux Stats API. This data is aggregated by our system in a non-unique, entirely anonymous way. Note To ensure the privacy of our users’ data, none of the data collected is identifying, nor is it even private information. We do not receive nor store any account information, passwords or the like. The data included in the anonymous stats contain: Which platform you’re running NEMS Linux on,How many hosts you have configured,How many services you have configured,Your NEMS Linux version,The size of your NEMS Linux storage medium (E.G., SD card),How much free space you have on that same medium,Your NEMS Linux server average system load,Your NEMS Linux server uptime,Your NEMS Linux server CPU temperature. In order to uniquely, but anonymously identify your NEMS Linux server (E.G., so we do not duplicate data if you send it twice and so others cannot pretend to be you) your NEMS Linux server will also provide us with your NEMS Linux API Key (which it generates automatically) as well as your NEMS Linux Hardware ID, which you can see within NEMS Server Overview . We store this information to give us an idea how many people are using NEMS Linux, how many hosts they’re monitoring, and how we can better improve performance based on the information provided. We also provide an aggregated stats display to help other users see the average performance of each platform. To see how this data is made publicly available, please visit the NEMS Linux Stats page . If you’d like to review what data we collect, please observe the source code or open NEMS Server Overview on your NEMS Server. Add login, SSO, MFA, passkeys and more in minutes. · © Copyright 2020, Category5 TV Network Revision . Read the Docs v: latest Hosted by Read the Docs