Heatmiser UK Ltd – Privacy Notice This Privacy Notice provides details of the personal data we collect from you, what we do with it, how you might access it and who it might be shared with. Our Contact Information (Data Controller) Heatmiser UK Ltd Shadsworth Business Park, Blackburn Lancashire BB1 2QU. United Kingdom Telephone: +441254669090 Company Email: gdpr@heatmiser.com What we do with your personal data We process personal data only for the purpose for which they are collected. The purpose is dependent on whether you use only our website, or additionally, our services. If you use our services you are required to register and we collect your personal data. We use this personal data for the provision of the service or the performance of the contract. We may use your personal data for other similar purposes, including marketing and communications, but that will only occur in the case we have your consent or another legal justification for doing so. From our Suppliers we process and retain personal data for the following purposes and periods, with the applicable legal basis. Processing purpose Legal basis Retention period Business operations and due diligence 6(1)(b) – we have a contract with the data subject Until consent withdrawn Administrative enquiries 6(1)(b) – we have a contract with the data subject Until consent withdrawn From our Customers and Clients we process and retain personal data for the following purposes and periods, with the applicable legal basis. Processing purpose Legal basis Retention period Administrative enquiries 6(1)(b) – we have a contract with the data subject Until consent withdrawn Business operations and due diligence 6(1)(b) – we have a contract with the data subject Until consent withdrawn Contact management 6(1)(a) – we have the data subject’s consent Until consent withdrawn Payment Card Processing 6(1)(b) – we have a contract with the data subject Until contract completed Neo Cloud Platform 6(1)(a) – we have the data subject’s consent Until consent withdrawn Communications, marketing and intelligence 6(1)(a) – we have the data subject’s consent Until consent withdrawn Sales and Distribution of Products and Services 6(1)(b) – we have a contract with the data subject Until consent withdrawn What personal data do we collect? The personal data we collect depends on whether you just visit our website or use our services. If you visit our website, you do not need to provide us with any personal data. However, your browser transmits some data automatically, such as the date and time of retrieval of one of our web pages, your browser type and settings, your operating system, the last web page you visited, the data transmitted and the access status, and your IP address. If you use our services, personal data is required to fulfill the requirements of a contractual or service relationship, which may exist between you and our organisation. We collect: Location InformationNameTelephone contact detailsBanking DetailsFinancial DetailsCredit HistoryEmail, Social Networks Who might we share your personal data with? To maintain and improve our services, your personal data may need to be shared with or disclosed to service providers, other Controllers or, in some cases, public authorities. We may be mandated to disclose your personal data in response to requests from a court, police services or other regulatory bodies. Where feasible, we will consult with you prior to making such disclosure and, in order to protect your privacy, we will ensure that we will disclose only the minimum amount of your information necessary for the required purpose. We transfer personal data to the following organisations and countries: Data subject type Organisation name Type Country Suppliers SAP Processor United Kingdom Customers and Clients Amazon EC2 Processor United States Customers and Clients Bigcommerce Processor United States Customers and Clients Braintree Processor United Kingdom Customers and Clients Mailchimp Processor United States Customers and Clients SAP Processor United Kingdom Customers and Clients Zendesk Processor United States When a Processor or Controller is in a country outside the UK, we apply the necessary safeguards which may include, confirming whether the UK approves of transfers to the country, whether we need to use the UK’s model contracts or, if the transfer is internal to our organisation, commitment to Binding Corporate Rules. Details of these safeguards may be obtained by contacting us directly. How do we look after personal data? We limit the amount of personal data collected only to what is fit for the purpose, as described above. We restrict, secure and control all of our information assets against unauthorised access, damage, loss or destruction; whether physical or electronic.We retain personal data only for as long as is described above, to respond to your requests, or longer if required by law. If we retain your personal data for historical or statistical purposes we ensure that the personal data cannot be used further. While in our possession, together with your assistance, we try to maintain the accuracy of your personal data. How can you access your personal data? You have the right to request access to any of your personal data we may hold. If any of that information is incorrect, you may request that we correct it. If we are improperly using your information, you may request that we stop using it or even delete it completely. If you would like to make a request to see what personal data of yours we might hold, you may make a request from our company website. Where you have previously given your consent to process your personal data, you also have the right to request that we port or transfer your personal data to a different service provider or to yourself, if you so wish. Where it may have been necessary to get your consent to use your personal data, at any moment, you have the right to withdraw that consent. If you withdraw your consent, we will cease using your personal data without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before your withdrawal. Information Commissioner You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner. See contact details below. Information Commissioner’s Office Water Lane, Wycliffe House Wilmslow – Cheshire SK9 5AF United Kingdom casework@ico.org.uk +44 303 123 3113 www.ico.org.uk Our Latest News May 31, 2023 - 1:08 pm May 30, 2023 - 2:03 pm December 31, 2022 - 1:46 pm April 28, 2021 - 12:41 pm Copyright Heatmiser 2023 - Heatmiser is part of IMI Hydronic Engineering TwitterFacebookYoutube Scroll to topHeatmiser UK Ltd – Privacy Notice This Privacy Notice provides details of the personal data we collect from you, what we do with it, how you might access it and who it might be shared with. Our Contact Information (Data Controller) Heatmiser UK Ltd Shadsworth Business Park, Blackburn Lancashire BB1 2QU. United Kingdom Telephone: +441254669090 Company Email: gdpr@heatmiser.com What we do with your personal data We process personal data only for the purpose for which they are collected. The purpose is dependent on whether you use only our website, or additionally, our services. If you use our services you are required to register and we collect your personal data. We use this personal data for the provision of the service or the performance of the contract. We may use your personal data for other similar purposes, including marketing and communications, but that will only occur in the case we have your consent or another legal justification for doing so. From our Suppliers we process and retain personal data for the following purposes and periods, with the applicable legal basis. Processing purpose Legal basis Retention period Business operations and due diligence 6(1)(b) – we have a contract with the data subject Until consent withdrawn Administrative enquiries 6(1)(b) – we have a contract with the data subject Until consent withdrawn From our Customers and Clients we process and retain personal data for the following purposes and periods, with the applicable legal basis. Processing purpose Legal basis Retention period Administrative enquiries 6(1)(b) – we have a contract with the data subject Until consent withdrawn Business operations and due diligence 6(1)(b) – we have a contract with the data subject Until consent withdrawn Contact management 6(1)(a) – we have the data subject’s consent Until consent withdrawn Payment Card Processing 6(1)(b) – we have a contract with the data subject Until contract completed Neo Cloud Platform 6(1)(a) – we have the data subject’s consent Until consent withdrawn Communications, marketing and intelligence 6(1)(a) – we have the data subject’s consent Until consent withdrawn Sales and Distribution of Products and Services 6(1)(b) – we have a contract with the data subject Until consent withdrawn What personal data do we collect? The personal data we collect depends on whether you just visit our website or use our services. If you visit our website, you do not need to provide us with any personal data. However, your browser transmits some data automatically, such as the date and time of retrieval of one of our web pages, your browser type and settings, your operating system, the last web page you visited, the data transmitted and the access status, and your IP address. If you use our services, personal data is required to fulfill the requirements of a contractual or service relationship, which may exist between you and our organisation. We collect: Location InformationNameTelephone contact detailsBanking DetailsFinancial DetailsCredit HistoryEmail, Social Networks Who might we share your personal data with? To maintain and improve our services, your personal data may need to be shared with or disclosed to service providers, other Controllers or, in some cases, public authorities. We may be mandated to disclose your personal data in response to requests from a court, police services or other regulatory bodies. Where feasible, we will consult with you prior to making such disclosure and, in order to protect your privacy, we will ensure that we will disclose only the minimum amount of your information necessary for the required purpose. We transfer personal data to the following organisations and countries: Data subject type Organisation name Type Country Suppliers SAP Processor United Kingdom Customers and Clients Amazon EC2 Processor United States Customers and Clients Bigcommerce Processor United States Customers and Clients Braintree Processor United Kingdom Customers and Clients Mailchimp Processor United States Customers and Clients SAP Processor United Kingdom Customers and Clients Zendesk Processor United States When a Processor or Controller is in a country outside the UK, we apply the necessary safeguards which may include, confirming whether the UK approves of transfers to the country, whether we need to use the UK’s model contracts or, if the transfer is internal to our organisation, commitment to Binding Corporate Rules. Details of these safeguards may be obtained by contacting us directly. How do we look after personal data? We limit the amount of personal data collected only to what is fit for the purpose, as described above. We restrict, secure and control all of our information assets against unauthorised access, damage, loss or destruction; whether physical or electronic.We retain personal data only for as long as is described above, to respond to your requests, or longer if required by law. If we retain your personal data for historical or statistical purposes we ensure that the personal data cannot be used further. While in our possession, together with your assistance, we try to maintain the accuracy of your personal data. How can you access your personal data? You have the right to request access to any of your personal data we may hold. If any of that information is incorrect, you may request that we correct it. If we are improperly using your information, you may request that we stop using it or even delete it completely. If you would like to make a request to see what personal data of yours we might hold, you may make a request from our company website. Where you have previously given your consent to process your personal data, you also have the right to request that we port or transfer your personal data to a different service provider or to yourself, if you so wish. Where it may have been necessary to get your consent to use your personal data, at any moment, you have the right to withdraw that consent. If you withdraw your consent, we will cease using your personal data without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before your withdrawal. Information Commissioner You have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner. See contact details below. Information Commissioner’s Office Water Lane, Wycliffe House Wilmslow – Cheshire SK9 5AF United Kingdom casework@ico.org.uk +44 303 123 3113 www.ico.org.uk Heatmiser UK Security Updates Commitment We will provide critical security updates for products sold since 2019 for a minimum period of 5 years from the date of purchase when bought directly from Heatmiser or via one of our recognised resellers. * *Contact sales@heatmiser.com to verify the status of any reseller. Please note that eBay and Amazon stores are not recognised resellers of our products. Vulnerability Report We take the security of our systems very seriously and we value the expertise of the Cyber community. Click here to report any vulnerability related to our products or services. Our Latest News May 31, 2023 - 1:08 pm May 30, 2023 - 2:03 pm December 31, 2022 - 1:46 pm April 28, 2021 - 12:41 pm Copyright Heatmiser 2023 - Heatmiser is part of IMI Hydronic Engineering TwitterFacebookYoutube Scroll to top