SUBMISSIONS POLICY The Services may provide you with an opportunity to post publicly comments, articles and other submissions (collectively, the 'Submissions'). By posting and/or otherwise providing Submissions to the Services, you fully understand and agree to grant us with the rights described in Section 5 above. You also permit any other users to access, display, view, store and reproduce such Submissions for personal use. You acknowledge that to the extent that you include personally identifiable information in your Submissions, we may republish such information. NETATMO furthermore reserves the right to alter and edit any Submission or refuse to accept, post, display or transmit any Submission in its sole discretion. Although NETATMO has no obligation to monitor the Submissions, you acknowledge and agree that we may do one or all of the following: (i) monitor the Submissions; (ii) alter, edit, or remove any Submission in whole or in part; or (iii) disclose any Submissions. The Submissions posted on the Site by users do not indicate any approval or endorsement by NETATMO of such Submissions. NETATMO is not responsible for, and hereby disclaims any and all liabilities that may arise from the Submissions. You agree that you are responsible for your own use of the Services, for any Submission you make, and for any consequences thereof. You agree that you will use the Services in compliance with all applicable local, state, national, and international laws, rules and regulations, including any laws regarding the transmission of technical data exported from your country of residence. To provide a forum where ideas can be shared in a productive and safe environment, you agree NOT to:Post any private information, or otherwise harvest, collect or disclose information, about another person without his or her express written consent; Post any content to the Site that is unlawful, racist, hateful, libelous, defamatory, obscene, or that intentionally discriminates against or harasses particular individuals or groups;Post any content to the Site that infringes any third party's intellectual property or other rights; Use the Services for any unlawful purpose, or transmit or otherwise make available in connection with the Services any material that would give rise to criminal or civil liability;Use the Services for advertisements, chain letters, spam, survey solicitations, junk mail or solicitations; Impersonate any person or entity, including any NETATMO employees, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity;Imply that NETATMO endorses any of your statements or positions; Take any action that imposes an unreasonable load on the server; Use any device, software or routine to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Services or any activity being conducted on the Services;Attempt to decipher, decompile, disassemble or reverse-engineer any of the software comprising or making up the Services; and/or Delete or alter any material posted by any other person or entity. DISCLAIMER OF CONTENT AND WARRANTIES The warranty for the product is set forth in the limited warranty available on https://www.netatmo.com .NETATMO, ITS AFFILIATES, THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, SUPPLIERS, OR LICENSORS (COLLECTIVELY, THE 'NETATMO PARTIES') MAKE NO WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, ABOUT THE CONTENT AND SERVICES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THEIR OPERATION, ACCURACY, RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, TIMELINESS OR RELIABILITY. THE NETATMO PARTIES DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SERVICES WILL OPERATE ERROR FREE, WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR AVAILABLE AT ANY TIME OR FROM ANY PARTICULAR LOCATION, OR THAT THE SERVICES, ITS SERVER, OR THE CONTENT, ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES OR SIMILAR CONTAMINATION OR DESTRUCTIVE FEATURES. IF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES OR THE CONTENT CAUSES THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING EQUIPMENT OR DATA, NO NETATMO PARTY SHALL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE COSTS. THE SERVICES AND CONTENT ARE PROVIDED ON AN 'AS IS' AND 'AS AVAILABLE' BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. THE NETATMO PARTIES DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE WARRANTIES OF TITLE, MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES RIGHTS AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. The Content on the Services is presented in a summary fashion and is intended to be used for informational purposes only. The data, measurements as well as any other kind of content provided through the Services are supplied without any warranty of accuracy and should not be used as a source to make any decisions.LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IN NO EVENT SHALL ANY NETATMO PARTY BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS, LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE, OR RESULTING FROM USE OF THE SERVICES AND THEIR CONTENT, WHETHER SUCH DAMAGES ARE BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, EVEN IF ANY NETATMO PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THE NETATMO PARTIES SHALL NOT BE SUBJECTED TO LIABILITY FOR THE TRUTH, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE CONTENT AND SERVICES, OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION CONVEYED TO THE USER, OR FOR ERRORS, MISTAKES OR OMISSIONS THEREIN, OR FOR ANY DELAYS OR INTERRUPTIONS OF THE DATA, OR INFORMATION STREAM FROM WHATEVER CAUSE. YOU AGREE THAT YOU USE THE SERVICES AND THEIR CONTENT AT YOUR OWN RISKS. THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE NETATMO PARTY, TAKEN INDIVIDUALLY OR COLLECTIVELY, ARISING OUT OR RELATING TO THE SITE AND SERVICES (REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION OR CLAIM, E.G. CONTRACT, WARRANTY, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, NEGLIGENCE, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY) IS LIMITED TO $100. In some countries, the applicable law does not allow certain of the above limitations or exclusions, in which case they may not apply to you. IN SUCH COUNTRIES, THE LIABILITY OF THE NETATMO PARTIES SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE GREATEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. INDEMNIFICATION OF NETATMO Upon simple request by us, you agree to defend, indemnify, and protect NETATMO from and against any losses, liabilities, damages and costs, including without limitation, reasonable legal and accounting costs, arising or resulting from any claims, actions or demands related to (i) your use or misuse of the Services, including any UGC ; (ii) your breach of these Terms of Use ; or (iii) any breach of any intellectual property or other third party rights, or any applicable law in connection with the use of the Services. NETATMO shall provide a notice to you of any such claim, suit, or proceedings. NETATMO reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter which is subject to indemnification under this section. In such case, you agree to cooperate with any reasonable requests assisting NETATMO's defense of such matter. TERMINATION OF THE SERVICES These Terms of Use will continue to apply until terminated by either you or NETATMO as set out below. If you want to terminate your legal agreement with NETATMO, you may do so by (a) notifying NETATMO at any time at the following address NETATMO, 73 Rue de Sèvres, 92100 Boulogne-Billancourt or by email:privacy@netatmo.com and (b) closing your accounts for the Services which you use.NETATMO may, at any time, terminate its legal agreement with you if:You have breached any provisions of these Terms of Use (or have acted in a manner which clearly shows that you do not intend to, or are unable to comply with the provisions of the Terms of Use); or NETATMO is required to do so by law (for example, where the provision of the Services to you is, or becomes, unlawful); orThe relationship between NETATMO and the Partner with whom NETATMO offered the Services to you has been terminated or the Partner has decided not to offer the Services anymore; or NETATMO is transitioning to no longer providing the Services to users in the country in which you are a resident or from where you use the Services, for example in NETATMO's sole opinion, a service is no longer commercially viable. You understand and agree that some of your UGC, such as that displayed outside your profile, in any part of the Site, or on any social platforms, may continue to appear on the Site or on other social platforms even after your UGC is removed from the Site or your account is terminated.Sections 2 (Use of the Services), 7 (Disclaimer of Content and Warranties), 8 (Limitation of Liability), 9 (Indemnification of NETATMO), 10 (Termination of Terms of Use), and 13 (Miscellaneous) shall survive the termination of this Terms of Use. USER MUST COMPLY WITH APPLICABLE LAWS The Services are hosted in the following countries: France, Ireland, Germany, The Netherlands, The United States, Japan and for Russian users, cloud hosting servers in Russia. If you access the Content or Services from inside or outside of France, you do so at your own risk.France and other countries control the export of certain products and information. You expressly agree to comply with such restrictions and not to export or re-export any of the Content to countries or persons prohibited under the export control laws. By downloading the Content, you are expressly agreeing that you are not in a country where such export is prohibited or are a person or entity for which such export is prohibited. You shall be liable for compliance with the laws regarding the import, export, or re-export of the Content.CREDITS IPhone, iPod and iPad are registered trademarks of Apple Inc, registered in the Us and other countries. HomeKit is a trademark of Apple Inc. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc. Google, Google Play, Android, and related marks and logos are trademarks of Google Llc. Amazon, Alexa and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. MISCELLANEOUS These Terms of Use are governed by French law. Any dispute resulting from these Terms of Use will fall within the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent French courts. If any provision of these Terms of Use is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use, which shall remain in full force and effect.NETATMO not applying any provisions of these Terms of Use is not construing as a waiver of that provision or any other provision in these Terms of Use. Except as expressly agreed by NETATMO and you, these Terms of Use constitutes the entire Terms of Use between you and NETATMO with respect to the subject matter, and supersedes all previous agreements, whether written or oral, between the you and NETATMO with respect to the subject matter.The section headings are provided merely for convenience and shall not be given any legal import. These Terms of Use will inure to the benefit of our successors, assigns, licensees, and sublicensees. Any information submitted or provided by you might be publicly accessible. Important and private information should be protected by you. NETATMO is not liable for protection of privacy of electronic mail or other information transferred through the Internet or any other network that you may use. The collection and processing of Personal Data, made when you use the Services, is carried out in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of individuals with regard to the treatment of personal data and the free movement of such data and repealing Directive 95/46 / EC (the 'General Data Protection Regulation' or GDPR). For more information, please see our Privacy Policy. PRIVACY POLICY Your privacy and the protection of your Personal Data is very important to us at NETATMO ("NETATMO", "We", "Us" or "Our"). Accordingly, we have drafted the present Privacy Policy to explain Our policy with respect to data identifying or allowing to identify, directly or indirectly, a person using one or several specific elements ("Personal Data") including the measurements collected by Our connected solutions (the "Measurements"). Such Personal Data are either generated or collected by NETATMO or directly communicated by you when using any of the NETATMO products (the "Product" or "Products"), Our Websites and more generally all URLs administered by NETATMO and its services (the "Website Services"), and Our software (the "Software", the "Computer Software" and "Mobile Software"). As used herein, the term "Services" means the Website, Website Services, Computer Software and Mobile Software. The present Privacy Policy apply to any Personal Data processed by NETATMO through its Websites, Services and connected Products. If you use Home + Control Mobile Software, please refer to the Privacy Notice attached to this Mobile Software. COMPLIANCE WITH DATA PROTECTION LEGISLATION The collection and processing of Personal Data, done when you use the Services provided by NETATMO, are carried out in accordance with Data Protection Legislation, inter alia, Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council ("General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679" or "GDPR"), the Russian Federation Federal Law No.152 “On personal data defense” dd. July 27,2006 as well as any other European or domestic regulations applicable in this field that may be added to or subsequently replaced by it (mentioned hereinafter as "Data Protection Legislation"). IDENTITY OF THE DATA CONTROLLER When using the Services, all processing of Personal Data is carried out by NETATMO acting as a Data Controller: NETATMO 73 Rue de Sèvres 92100 Boulogne-Billancourt, France ACCOUNT CREATION To benefit from Our Services (make a purchase on Our E-shop, use Our Mobile or Web Applications, contact Our Customer Service or get certified as a professional installer), you need to register by creating your personal account. When doing so through Our Website or Our Mobile Software, you will be required to communicate an e-mail address and a password (hashed). Please note that both data are mandatory and essential for providing the Services that you requested. Failure to fill in a mandatory field will result in preventing the creation of your user account. On the basis of the contract, We will process such data in order to create and manage your personal client account.We may also process your e-mail address for communications and direct marketing purposes.For more information on this processing activity, please consult the COMMUNICATIONS AND DIRECT MARKETING ACTIVITIES section. CONTACTING OUR CUSTOMER SERVICE When contacting Our Helpdesk Support, We will collect the reason for contact and your message. Note that both data are mandatory and essential for providing the Services that you requested. Failure to fill in one of those field will compromise the proper handling of your request. Also note that you may attach and send Us a file to support your query. On the basis of the contract, We will process such data for the exclusive purposes of directing your request to the relevant internal department and giving an answer to your query. On the legal basis of the contract, we may where applicable and subject to your prior authorization, access your installation data (user account and associated Products data) for after-sales services purposes in order to diagnose and resolve a potential issue.On the basis of Our legitimate interest in improving Our client relations, we inform you that we will retain your Helpdesk customer history. WEBSITE Navigating On Our Website And Using Our Web-Applications Cookies and Similar Technologies When you browse the NETATMO Website, Cookies are placed on your browser. A cookie is a piece of information that the computer program which hosts Our Website gives to your browser when you access the Website. The cookies help provide additional functionality to the Website and help Us analyze Site usage more accurately. In some cases, you will be asked to provide prior consent before we use certain types of cookies. We recommend that you leave the cookies turned on or activated because they allow you to take advantage of some of the features on the Website. Necessary These cookies are strictly necessary to the functioning of the Website and/or allow the provision of a service requested by the visitor: protection against bot attacks to ensure the good behavior of the Website, remember the language version that you chose, remember the last app opened etc. Such cookies may collect the following categories of data: IP address, Session ID, information about the user’s device, activities performed on the Website, and are processed on the contract basis. na_sessionCOOKIE DESCRIPTION: handle the images cache so that the whole website doesn’t have to reload each time Type: Technical Cookies Lifespan: 2 hoursCOOKIE GENERATOR: NETATMOnetatmocomaccess_tokenCOOKIE DESCRIPTION: login token Type: Technical Cookies Lifespan: 3 hoursCOOKIE GENERATOR: NETATMOnetatmocomci_csrf_cookie_naCOOKIE DESCRIPTION: authenticate each visitor and session with a random token and defend against bots’ attacks Type: Technical Cookies Lifespan: 12 hours COOKIE GENERATOR: NETATMOnetatmocomlast_app_usedCOOKIE DESCRIPTION: keep the last app opened by the visitor on his my.netatmo.com (security, energy etc) Type: Technical Cookies Lifespan: 12 monthsCOOKIE GENERATOR: NETATMOnetatmocomlocaleCOOKIE DESCRIPTION: keep the website version the visitor chose: France-French, Swizterland-german etc Type: Technical Cookies Lifespan: 12 monthsCOOKIE GENERATOR: NETATMOXSRF-TOKENCOOKIE DESCRIPTION: authenticate each visitor and session with a random token and defend against bots attacks Type: Technical Cookies Lifespan: 2hours COOKIE GENERATOR: NETATMOgtm_cookie_consent_optoutCOOKIE DESCRIPTION: This cookie keeps your preferences regarding which kind of cookies you accept or refuse on our website.COOKIE GENERATOR: NETATMOnetatmocomredirect_to_homeCOOKIE DESCRIPTION: decides whether or not to redirect to the new webapp Type: Technical Cookies Lifespan: 12 monthsCOOKIE GENERATOR: "name": "netatmocomredirect_to_home" Analytics and personalization These cookies allow Us to obtain non-nominative statistics about Our Website to help Us optimize its ergonomics, content and navigation. Through the use of such cookies, NETATMO can only access the following categories of data: IP address, unique ID of cookie, information about the user’s device and activities performed on the Website (first and last visit, length of visit, time of arrival and departure etc.). If you consent to the deposit of such cookies, you can reconsider your decision and refuse the statistical analysis of your navigation data at any time by withdrawing your consent directly within the table. _gaCOOKIE DESCRIPTION: Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Type: Audience Measurement Cookies Lifespan: 13 monthsCOOKIE GENERATOR: GOOGLE ANALYTICS_gatCOOKIE DESCRIPTION: Used to throttle requests to google analytics, limiting the collection of data on high traffic. It expires after the session ends. Type: Audience Measurement Cookies Lifespan: 1 minuteCOOKIE GENERATOR: GOOGLE ANALYTICS _gidCOOKIE DESCRIPTION: Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.Type: Audience Measurement Cookies Lifespan: 24 hoursCOOKIE GENERATOR: GOOGLE ANALYTICSABTastyCOOKIE DESCRIPTION: Registers the testing data: visitorID, tests ID, timestamps. Type: Advertisement Cookies Lifespan: 13 monthsCOOKIE GENERATOR: ABTASTYABTastySessionCOOKIE DESCRIPTION: Identify a unique session for a visitor Type: Advertisement Cookies Lifespan: 30 minutes COOKIE GENERATOR: ABTASTY Commercial Partners The advertisement cookies allow NETATMO or its partners to advertise to you the most relevant and the most adapted advertisements, according to your interests and navigation on the site. Through the use of such cookies, NETATMO can only access the following categories of personal data: IP address, unique ID of cookie, information about the user’s device and navigation data. If you consent to the deposit of such cookies, you can reconsider your decision and withdraw it later at any time directly within the table. By opposing to the use of this set of cookies, you will no longer be able to view personalized advertisement and may have advertisement that is not related to your supposed interests. _fbpCOOKIE DESCRIPTION: Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Type: Advertisement Cookies Lifespan: 2 monthsCOOKIE GENERATOR: FACEBOOKcto_lwidCOOKIE DESCRIPTION: Used by Google to collect non-nominative information for use on Google Adwords. The data helps Google deliver relevant advertising on other websites. Type: Advertisement Cookies Lifespan: 13 monthsCOOKIE GENERATOR: GOOGLE DOUBLECLICK.NET Socials These features use third-party cookies directly deposited by these services. NETATMO does not collect any data through social plugins cookies. If you consent to the deposit of such cookies, you can reconsider your decision and withdraw it later at any time directly within the table. Please note that in this case you will no longer be able to rely on such Third-Party services. For example, you will not be able to access Social Media to share a post or comments about the Products. Third party cookies aimed at improving the interactivity of the Website The social plugins cookies allow you to interact with the following Social Media platforms: Facebook / Instagram. You will find a list and an overview of Facebook social plugins at the following address: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins . For more information on Facebook's policy with regard personal data protection, please refer to: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php Twitter. For more information on Twitter's policy concerning personal data protection, please refer to: https://twitter.com/privacy LinkedIn. For more information on LinkedIn’s policy concerning personal data protection, please refer to: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy .Youtube. You will find a list and an overview of YouTube social plugins at the following address: https://www.youtube.com/yt/dev/ . For more information on YouTube’s policy with regard to personal data protection, please refer to: https://support.google.com/youtube/answer/2801895 Audience Measurement Cookies These cookies allow Us to obtain non-nominative statistics about Our Website to help Us optimize its ergonomics, content and navigation. Through the use of such cookies, NETATMO can only access the following categories of data: IP address, unique ID of cookie, information about the user’s device and activities performed on the Website (first and last visit, length of visit, time of arrival and departure etc.). If you consent to the deposit of such cookies, you can reconsider your decision and refuse the statistical analysis of your navigation data at any time by withdrawing your consent directly within the table. For more information about the data recipients that benefit from an access to your personal data, please consult the ACCESS TO DATA section below. DISCLAIMER - LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES The present Privacy Policy does not apply to Third-Party Websites. Although Our Websites may contain links to other websites, this does not imply that NETATMO endorses or has reviewed such Third-Party Websites that are not operated nor controlled by NETATMO. Please refer to the Third-Party Websites’ privacy policies to obtain information as to how they process your Personal Data. Making A Purchase On Our E-shop To allow fulfilment of the orders that you have placed on Our e-shop, you will be asked to complete your store account by providing your name and surname, title (Mr. or Mrs.), e-mail address, delivery address, billing address and phone number. Note that such data are compulsory. Failure to answer a mandatory field will result in compromising the proper fulfilment of your purchase order.You may also decide to communicate you birth date. On the basis of the contract, We will process all compulsory data in order to create and manage your store account and to manage your order and its delivery.Should you provide Us with this information, we will process your birth date for birthday offer proposition management purposes on the basis of Our legitimate interest in direct marketing, For more information on this processing activity, please consult the COMMUNICATIONS AND DIRECT MARKETING ACTIVITIES section below. We inform you that, on the basis of the contract, We will also retain your Purchase history and make it accessible to you on your account. We may also process such data for analytical profiling purposes. For more information on analytical profiling please refer to the Analytical Profiling for Direct Marketing Purposes section below. COMMUNICATIONS AND DIRECT MARKETING ACTIVITIES Direct Marketing by E-mail We may use your e-mail address to send you some product information, birthday offer propositions (if you decided to provide Us with this information), quizzes and commercial offer propositions. Subject to your explicit consent, your e-mail address will be processed for the purpose of sending you offers, news bulletins, new products and promotional campaigns related to LEGRAND, NETATMO and BTICINO products and/or services by e-mail. Note that you can always oppose to this processing and unsubscribe from Our communications at any time by clicking the link at the bottom of Our e-mails or by following the procedure set out in the EXERCISE OF USERS' RIGHTS section. Your e-mail address will be kept for the duration of the contractual relationship (that ends by sending a voluntary deletion request to privacy@netatmo.com ). We also inform you that, unless opposed by you, your account will be deleted if it remains inactive for 3 years.We inform you that We will process openings and clicks in order to assess the efficiency of Our campaigns on the basis of Our legitimate interest in improving Our communications. For more information about the data recipients that benefit from an access to your personal data, please consult the ACCESS TO DATA section. In-App Communications and Push NotificationsIn-App Communications NETATMO can send commercial and/or operational communications directly to your Mobile Application. To do so, the language that you have set on your device will be collected to adapt the language of Our communications. We also inform you that, subject to your explicit consent, NETATMO will collect and process audience measurement data through the analytics tools installed on Its mobile applications in order to assess the efficiency of its commercial campaigns. To learn more about this analytics processing, please refer to the Cookies and Similar Technologies used on Our Mobile Applications section. For more information about the data recipients that benefit from an access to your personal data, please consult the ACCESS TO DATA section. Push Notifications Your Mobile Application may send you push notifications or alerts (For example, your Weather Station sends an alert to your device when a remarkable event occurs for the temperature, humidity, pressure or weather alerts). Note that you can disable and/or manage such notifications at any time directly from your account. Analytical Profiling for Direct Marketing Purposes (through e-mail and in-app communications) NETATMO aims at enhancing Its customer experience by sending the most relevant communications to Its clients. If you consented to receiving Our communications, We inform you that We conduct research on customer interests and perform some analytical profiling activities for personalized direct marketing purposes on the basis of the products that you use (Products paired to your App) and/or bought (Purchase history). Such processing activity is performed on the basis of Our legitimate interest in continuously improving Our communications and clients’ relations. Note that if you do not wish to receive tailored communications, you can oppose to this analytical profiling activity at any time by following the procedure set out in the EXERCISE OF USERS' RIGHTS section. For more information about the data recipients that benefit from an access to your personal data, please consult the ACCESS TO DATA section. Surveys, Quizzes and ContestsSurveys and Quizzes From time to time, NETATMO may send surveys to its clients and collect their answers on the basis of Its legitimate interest in improving its Products, Services and clients’ relations. Whether such surveys are sent via e-mails or in-app communications, We inform you that We may rely on third-party service providers acting as Data Processors to perform this processing activity.Such data recipient will only process your personal data for the exclusive purpose of compiling and managing the answers to Our surveys in accordance with Our contractual provisions and the applicable legislation. Survey data are processed on a non-nominative basis and are kept for 2 years. For more information about the data recipients that benefit from an access to your personal data, please consult the ACCESS TO DATA section. Contests From time to time, NETATMO may organize contests on Its Website. To participate, you will be required to fill a form and to accept the contests terms and conditions. This processing activity will therefore be performed on the contract basis. Note that We are relying on third-party service providers acting as Data Processors to perform this processing activity. We inform you that such data recipient will only process your personal data for the exclusive purpose of managing the contest and selecting a winner in accordance with Our contractual provisions and the applicable legislation. Contests data are kept for 2 years. For more information about the data recipients that benefit from an access to your personal data, please consult the ACCESS TO DATA section. MOBILE APPLICATIONS AND ASSOCIATED PRODUCTS Processing Activities Common To All Our Mobile ApplicationsCookies And Similar Technologies Used On Our Mobile Applications Third-Party Services required for the proper functioning of the Mobile Application The iOS and Android applications use the Crashlytics tool (Google) in order to record crashes that may occur during the use of the application. Only real-time crash reports are sent with precise indications of code positions and device information; these reports are intended to simplify maintenance and thus improve the stability of the application. We inform you that NETATMO accesses and processes the following Personal Data: unique ID of cookie, IP address, information about the equipment (making, brand and unique ID of equipment, physical location of the device at the time of crash etc.). Crash data is kept for up to 90 days. To learn more about how Google processes the personal data collected through Crashlytics, please visit: https://docs.fabric.io/android/fabric/data-privacy.html Third-party services for audience measurement purposes on the Mobile Application We use Firebase (Google) for the collection of statistical data that allows Us to know the interactions of the users on Our mobile applications and to understand how users use Our products and services. To learn more about Google's processing of your personal data through Firebase, please visit https://docs.fabric.io/apple/fabric/data-privacy.html . We inform you that NETATMO accesses and processes the following Personal Data: unique identifier of the cookie, IP address, information on the material and the activities carried out (dates of the first and last visit of the user / duration of the visit / hours of arrival and departure etc.). The retention period of such data is 90 days. If you consent to the reading of Answers, you can reconsider your decision and refuse the statistical analysis of your navigation data at any time and withdraw your consent by managing your settings directly within your Application. Advertisement An advertising identifier (E.G. 'ad-ID' or 'IDFA') is a user specific mobile identifier assigned by your device or operating environment. Note that We will process such data to evaluate and tailor advertising campaigns. Your advertising ID can also be accessed and further processed by your mobile manufacturer unless you refuse it in the parameter of your mobile device. For more information about the data recipients that benefit from an access to your personal data, please consult the ACCESS TO DATA section. Third-Party Applications To subscribe to third-party services, you must accept the specific terms of use and/or privacy policies that apply to such services. We will collect the third-party authorizations that you gave and process this data to manage access authorizations in accordance with your choices. The decision to subscribe to these third-party services or otherwise is yours alone. Note that you can revoke the authorizations that you gave directly from your mobile application. You acknowledge that the possibility of subscribing to these third-party services is provided to you as a service by NETATMO, but that We have no means of controlling these third-party services. NETATMO therefore formally refuses to accept any liability for these third-party services. Uninstalling Our Mobile Applications Uninstalling Our Mobile Applications does not erase your data. If you wish to have your data deleted immediately, please make a deletion request to privacy@netatmo.com . However, note that unless opposed by you, We will delete your account and all associated Product data after three years of inactivity.WEATHER Mobile Application The WEATHER Mobile Application allows you to pair the NETATMO’s Weather station and its accessories (outdoor module / indoor module / wind gauge / rain gauge). This particular Service entails the processing of Personal Data under the following modalities: Your Weather station location (GPS) will be processed on the contract basis for Product registration, Identification of available WIFI networks and display of more precise information purposes. Subject to your explicit consent, collected at the time of registration, this data will also be used to place you on the NETATMO’s WeatherMap. . The location of your Weather Station will be retained until you change its location: should you move your Weather Station after installation, you can geolocate it again at any time in order to obtain more relevant information and proper placement on the WeatherMap. On this occasion, a system pop-up will ask for your explicit consent. In the alternative, you can decide to enter a new address manually. Note that contribution to the NETATMO WeatherMap is disabled by default. By choosing to contribute to the NETATMO WeatherMap, only your outdoor data will be shared. The indoor data will remain private. If you do not wish to contribute, we will not share any information of yours whatsoever, only you will see your Station on the map. Should you consent to contributing, We inform you that you can withdraw your consent from the Weather Station’s settings menu at any time (Settings > Station name > Advanced). The language of your device, your city and country (inferred from your IP address) will be processed on the contract basis for adapting the language used on your Application and to adapt zone information.We will also collect measurement data relative to each product (temperature, wind, rain, altitude inferred from localization of Product, pressure, sound level, humidity, Co2) on the contract basis and communicate it to you on your Application to render the Service. On the basis of Our legitimate interest in improving Our Products and Services, We will also process measurement data for R&D analysis in order to improve the content and functionality of Our Products and Services. If consented, the external measurement data could be shared with third party partners to improve the weather forecast or make statistical studies for a given time The Product and Home name(s) will be processed on the contract basis in order to personalize your user’s interface. The Date and time of setup of each Product and the Last time and date of seen for each Product will be processed on the contract basis for Helpdesk support purposes and to delete inactive user accounts. The following technical data: MAC addresses of each Product, Network IP address, Network Transport, WIFI status, Mobile IP address, Mobile type and Mobile version will be processed on the contract basis for Product registration, Usage of the solution and distribution of Weather Feed alerts purposes. ENERGY Mobile Application The ENERGY Mobile Application allows you to pair the NETATMO’s Smart Thermostat and its accessories (Smart Radiator Valves). This particular Service entails the processing of Personal Data under the following modalities: The Product Location (GPS) will be processed on the contract basis for product registration, identification of available WIFI networks and obtention of external temperature purposes.The language of your device, your city and country (inferred from your IP address) will be processed on the contract basis for adapting the language used on your Application.We will also collect measurement data relative to each product (temperature) on the contract basis and communicate it to you on your Application to render the Service. On the basis of Our legitimate interest in improving Our Products and Services, We will also process measurement data for R&D analysis in order to improve the content and functionality of Our Products and Services. Heating schedule (per user and per device) will be collected and processed on the contract basis and communicated to you on your Application. This data also serves the purpose of operating the solution.Should you provide Us with the following data: Energy sources, type of house, surface of house m², We will process it on the contract basis in order to give you more precise and personalized information.The Product and Home name(s), room name and type will be processed on the contract basis in order to personalize your interface. The Date and time of setup of each Product and the Last time and date of seen for each Product will be processed on the contract basis for Helpdesk support purposes and to delete inactive user accounts.The following technical data: MAC addresses of each Product, Network IP address, Network Transport, WIFI status, Mobile IP address, Mobile type and Mobile version will be processed on the contract basis for product registration, execution of the Service and maintenance of Thermostat and associated accessories. AIR CARE Mobile Application The AIR CARE Mobile Application allows you to pair the NETATMO’s Healthy Home Coach. This particular Service entails the processing of Personal Data under the following modalities: The Healthy Home Coach Location (GPS) will be processed on the contract basis for product registration, identification of available WIFI networks and obtention of external temperature purposes.The language of your device, your city and country (inferred from your IP address) will be processed on the contract basis for adapting the language used on your Application.The Healthy Home Coach name, the Home and room names will be processed on the contract basis in order to personalize your user’s interface. We will also collect measurement data relative to each product (Temperature, Humidity, CO2, Noise Level) on the contract basis and communicate it to you on your Application to render the Service. On the basis of Our legitimate interest in improving Our Products and Services, We will also process measurement data for R&D analysis in order to improve the content and functionality of Our Products and Services.The Date and time of setup of each Product and the Last time and date of seen for each Product will be processed on the contract basis for Helpdesk support purposes and to delete inactive user accounts. The following technical data: MAC addresses of each Product, Network IP address, Network Transport, WIFI status, Mobile IP address, Mobile type and Mobile version will be processed on the contract basis for product registration, execution of the Service and maintenance of the Product.SECURITY Mobile Application The SECURITY Mobile Application allows you to pair the NETATMO’s Smart Indoor Camera, Smart Outdoor Camera, Smart Video Doorbell, Smart Door & Window Sensors, Smart Smoke Alarm and Smart Carbon Monoxide Alarm. In all the articles, the term "Camera" applies to the Smart Indoor Camera, the Smart Outdoor Camera and the Smart Video Doorbell Using Our Security Cameras entails the processing of Personal Data under the following modalities: The Security Cameras and accessories GPS location (Smart Door & Window Sensors) will be processed on the contract basis for product registration and identification of available WIFI networks purposes.The type and number of Security accessories linked to the Camera (Tags – Siren - Smart Door & Window Sensors) will be processed on the contract basis for product registration and rendering of the Service purposes. The location of your Mobile device will be processed, subject to your explicit consent, for geofencing purposes in order to determine when you leave your home, in the background (even when the app is closed or not in use). The language of your device, your city and country (inferred from your IP address) will be processed on the contract basis for adapting the language used on your Application.The Security Cameras and accessories name, Home and room names will be processed on the contract basis in order to personalize your user’s interface.The Metrics used for the Products (Event logs, home occupancy) will be processed on the contract basis in order to personalize the Service to your needs. We will also collect measurement data relative to each product (Events from Cameras, Tags, Sirens, Smart Door & Window Sensors, end user reports) on the contract basis and communicate it to you on your Application to render the Service. The Date and time of setup of each Product and the Last time and date of seen for each Product will be processed on the contract basis for Helpdesk support purposes and to delete inactive user accounts. The following technical data: MAC addresses of each Product, Network IP address, Network Transport, WIFI status, Mobile IP address, Mobile type and Mobile version will be processed on the contract basis for product registration, execution of the Service and maintenance of the Cameras and associated accessories. SECURITY CAMERAS SPECIFIC - ACCESS TO DATA Shall you voluntarily send Us a video taken by your Security Camera when contacting Our Customer Support to report an issue, We may ask for your consent to process such data to improve Our algorithms and the performance of Our Security Cameras. For more information about the data recipients that benefit from an access to your personal data, please consult the ACCESS TO DATA section. PROCESSING OF SPECIAL CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA AND USERS’ RESPONSIBILITIES We inform you that Our Indoor Cameras allow the processing of biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person. This feature is enabled by default.You can disable the processing of biometric data at any time by managing your settings directly from the Security Application. The data allowing this processing activity are hosted locally on the SD card of your Product (profile that you have created, answers that you gave when using the algorithm). NETATMO only hosts the events that you have defined until you delete them or for the time-period that you have set at the latest. NETATMO will not process such data for the purpose of identifying a natural person. Our Security Cameras have been developed for a strictly personal or domestic use and / or activity. They allow you to determine the purposes and means of the processing activities you want to achieve. As such, you are required to comply with all applicable legislation regarding the protection of personal data, image rights and privacy. Should you decide to use Our Security Cameras for a different use, you will be considered as the sole Data Controller, NETATMO remains a Data Processor. In any case, you are responsible for compliance with any applicable law when using Our Product and Services and you must inform your visitors about the functioning and operation of the Security Cameras. If necessary, depending on your processing activities, you may need to obtain their prior explicit consent. Using Our Smart Smoke Alarm / Smart Carbon Monoxide Alarm entails the processing of Personal Data under the following modalities: The Smart Smoke Alarm / Smart Carbon Monoxide Alarm location (GPS) will be processed on the contract basis for product registration and identification of available WIFI networks purposes.The language of your device, your city and country (inferred from your IP address) will be processed on the contract basis for adapting the language used on your Application.The Smart Smoke Alarm / Smart Carbon Monoxide Alarm name, Home and room names will be processed on the contract basis in order to personalize your user’s interface. We will also collect measurement data relative to each product (Smart Smoke Alarm / Smart Carbon Monoxide Alarm status, last detected time, start time, end time, tamper status, date of last sound test) on the contract basis and communicate it to you on your Application to render the Service. On the basis of Our legitimate interest in improving Our Products and Services, We will also process measurement data for R&D analysis in order to improve the content and functionality of Our Products and Services. The Date and time of setup of each Product and the Last time and date of seen for each Product will be processed on the contract basis for Helpdesk support purposes and to delete inactive user accounts. The following technical data: MAC addresses of each Product, Network IP address, Network Transport, WIFI status, Mobile IP address, Mobile type and Mobile version will be processed on the contract basis for product registration, execution of the Service and maintenance of the Smart Smoke Alarm / Smart Carbon Monoxide Alarm. NETATMO PRO To get certified as a NETATMO PRO, you need to register through Our Website in order to take Our online training tests. When doing so, you will be required to communicate an e-mail address, name and surname. Please note that such data are mandatory and essential for registering as a NETATMO PRO. Failure to fill in a mandatory field will result in preventing the creation of your PRO account. On the basis of the contract, We will process such data in order to create and manage your NETATMO PRO account.On the basis of Our legitimate interest in improving Our clients’ relations, We will process such data in order to create of your personal file on Our CRM tool provided by Mailchimp.We may also process your e-mail address for communications and direct marketing purposes. For more information on this processing activity, please consult the COMMUNICATIONS AND DIRECT MARKETING ACTIVITIES section above. During the use of Our Services, We will collect your Test results (per product) on the basis of the contract and process such data for the purpose of giving you your professional certification. PROFESSIONALS’ OBLIGATIONS As a NETATMO PRO (certified professional), you are obliged to inform directly the end-users to read the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy available on the website, at the time of NETATMO Product installation. ACCESS TO DATA We consider the privacy of your Personal Data to be a vital part of Our relationship with you.We hereby inform you that according to the Services that you are using, the following Data recipients have access to your personal data, within the limits of their respective assignments: The relevant internal departments of NETATMO, established in France: The Research and Development (R&D) teams in charge of our intelligent solutions have, in order to achieve their missions, access: to customer account data (email address only) (see section ACCOUNT CREATION ), the information collected by the technical cookies necessary for the proper functioning of the Services (see sections Browsing Our Website And Using Our Internet Applications and Cookies And Similar Technologies Used On Our Mobile Applications ), data processed in connection with the use of the Products (see sections WEATHER Mobile Application , ENERGY Mobile Application , AIR CARE Mobile Application , SECURITY Mobile Application except for biometric data that remains locally on the Product) The teams of our customer support have, for the purpose of achieving their mission, access: to customer account data (see section ACCOUNT CREATION ), data collected during your contacts with Technical Support (see section CONTACTING OUR CUSTOMER SERVICE ), the data collected as part of the purchase on the Online Store (see section Making A Purchase On Our E-shop ), Account Data for NETATMO PRO (refer to section NETATMO PRO ), to the data processed in connection with the use of the Products(see sections WEATHER Mobile Application , ENERGY Mobile Application , AIR CARE Mobile Application , SECURITY Mobile Application except for biometric data that remains locally on the Product) Our marketing teams have, for the purpose of achieving their mission, access to: customer account data (email address) (see section ACCOUNT CREATION ), information collected by advertising cookies and measures (see section Browsing Our Website And Using Our Internet Applications ), the history of your purchases (see section Making A Purchase On Our E-shop ), other possible data while purchasing online (eg anniversary date see Direct Marketing by E-mail ), data collected as part of analytic profiling (refer to section In-App Communications and Push Notifications ), data collected by our advertising identifiers (see section Cookies and Similar Technologies Used On Our Mobile Applications ) Our online sales teams have access, for the purpose of carrying out their missions, to data transmitted by third-party cookies aimed at improving navigation, functionalities and user experience of the Website (consult section Browsing Our Website And Using Our Internet Applications )Our sales administration teams have access, for the purpose of carrying out their missions, to the data collected during online purchases (see section Making A Purchase On Our E-shop ) Our sales teams have access to NETATMO PRO account data for the purposes of carrying out their assignments (see section NETATMO PRO ) The service provider MICROSOFT AZURE, whose data centers are located in the Netherlands, responsible for hosting the NETATMO’s cloud architecture hosting all the data related to the Products and associated Services;The service provider CROC, whose data centers are located in Russia, responsible for hosting Russian user emails to be compliant with Russian Regulation; The service provider ONLINE, established in France, responsible for hosting historical product data; The service provider OVH, established in France, responsible for hosting NETATMO’s backups; The service provider Mailchimp, established in the United States of America, hosting the data related to NETATMO PRO accounts. We also inform you that Mailchimp benefits from a “Privacy Shield” certificate and that any transfer of your data towards the United States of America will take place under security and privacy conditions which are considered adequate according to European legislation. When making a purchase on Our E-shop, the service provider STRIPE, established in Ireland, is in charge of payment execution; AMAZON WEB SERVICE, established in Ireland, and in charge of hosting web applications;The service provider ADOBE SYSTEMS SOFTWARE IRELAND LIMITED, established in Ireland, for the purpose of sending you direct marketing communications where applicable.;The service provider ZENDESK, whose data centers are located in Germany, for Customer Support Service purposes. We also inform you that Zendesk benefits from a “Privacy Shield” certificate and that We have put the Standard Contractual Clauses of the European Commission in place to organize the transfer of your data towards the United States of America under security and privacy conditions which are considered adequate according to European legislation; The platforms and social media: Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, LinkedIn and YouTube insofar as they have access to your browsing history on Our Website and Mobile Applications should you consent to such access.We also inform you that such platforms and social media benefit from a “Privacy Shield” certificate and as such, any potential transfer of your data for hosting and further processing purposes in the United States of America will take place under security and privacy conditions which are considered adequate according to European legislation. To learn more, please consult Our Cookies and Similar Technologies Used On Our Mobile Applications sections. Subject to your express consent, you may also decide to share your Personal Data or Measurements on other platforms such as social networking websites for example. In this case, you recognize that We do not own and have no control over these Third-party Partner Service Providers and that We are not responsible for data processing performed by these Third-party Service Providers. To learn more about the manner in which these Third-party Partner Service Providers process your Personal Data, We advise you to consult their applicable privacy policies. GOOGLE insofar as they have access to data relating to your browsing history when you confirm your agreement upon arrival on Our Website and Mobile Applications. We inform you that Google benefits from a “Privacy Shield” certificate and as such, any potential transfer of your data for hosting purposes in the United States will take place under security and privacy conditions which are considered adequate according to European legislation. For further information, please consult Our Cookies and Similar Technologies used on Our Mobile Applications sections. You may decide to make your Personal Data or Measurements publicly available to other users and third parties on the Website.You may also decide to invite other user(s) to control the Products that have been installed in your Home. To do so, your guests will be required to create their own personal account. For more information on such invitations, please consult Our Help center on Our Website. NETATMO may also be required to share your Personal Data if and when it is necessary in order to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person, if it is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which It is subject or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. DATA SECURITY NETATMO implements adequate physical, electronic and administrative protection measures that comply with the regulations to protect your Personal Data in particular from accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to personal data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed. However, NETATMO would like to draw the users' attention to the potential risks in terms of data confidentiality linked to Internet use. It is the responsibility of the user to set up or ensure the use of a personal secured computer network, as well as to ensure a correct technical configuration of the connection box connected to your Internet service provider and of other devices such as radio access equipment (e.g. WIFI, 4G, etc.). Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to Us via e-mail and/or Internet transmission. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data through the Website. UNDER EIGHTEEN When offering information society services NETATMO does not target minors under the age of 18 as a user group. NETATMO does not knowingly gather or use any personal information from children under 18. If information is gathered concerning a minor, the minor’s legal representative has the possibility to contact the DPO of NETATMO at privacy@netatmo.com in order to access, rectify, modify or delete this information (see section EXERCISE OF USERS' RIGHTS for more information). However, access to the Services is not confined solely to adults as it contains no content prohibited for persons under the age of 18. The Services does not intentionally collect or use personal information relating to persons under the age of 18 EXERCISE OF USERS' RIGHTS To keep your Personal Data accurate, current, and complete, please visit the My Account section of the Site. You may also contact Us as specified below. We remind you that you have a right to access, rectify or delete your personal data. You can request that their processing be restricted or object to them being processed. When We rely on your consent to perform a particular processing, you can withdraw such consent at any time. If you request the erasure, or object to the processing of data necessary to the performance of Our Services and/or specified as mandatory, you will no longer be able to use the Services, as they require the processing of these data to operate. When a processing is carried out by automated means and based either on consent or on contract, you have the right to request the personal data that you provided to Us in an easily accessible format (portability right).You may exercise your rights at any time, subject to the production of valid supporting documents, by sending your request to NETATMO’s Data Protection Officer at privacy@netatmo.com . Your request will be processed within one month of receipt. If necessary, this period can be extended by two months, in view of the complexity and the number of requests. In this case, you will be informed of this extension and its reasons within one month of receipt of the request. No payment will be required for the exercise of your rights except in case of manifestly unfounded or excessive demand. In this case, NETATMO further reserves the right to not respond to your request. You also have the right to define guidelines for the fate of your data after your death. In the event you remain dissatisfied with Our response, We remind you that you have the right to lodge a complaint with the French data protection authority, Commission Nationale de l’Informatique et des Libertés (CNIL): https://www.cnil.fr/ AMENDMENT TO THIS DOCUMENT The legislation may change, Our Website and other Services may evolve, We may rely on new service providers. As a result, NETATMO may need to make some changes to this Privacy Policy and reserves the right to update it or modify it at any time. This Privacy Policy may be viewed on Our Website at any time. ADDITIONAL CONDITIONS Your access to and use of the NETATMO Services through the Websites are subject to their Terms of Use, available at https://www.netatmo.com . DEFINITIONS GDPR: General Data Protection Regulation DPO: Data Protection Officer Data Subject: an identified or identifiable natural person. In this Privacy Policy: an end user/ customer Data Controller: a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data Data Processor: a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller Data Recipient: a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not Personal Data: any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person NETATMO - GENERAL TERMS & CONDITIONS OF SALE – UNITED STATES 1. PURPOSE AND SCOPE OF APPLICATION This document (“Terms & Conditions”) is an agreement between you and Netatmo, the owner of the website www.shop.netatmo.com ("Website"). Before using the product you purchased ("Product"), please read these Terms & Conditions, including the Netatmo Privacy Policy, Netatmo Terms of Use and the other applicable rules and terms posted on the Netatmo website: https://www.netatmo.com/en-us.They apply to all purchases of NETATMO products made by consumers, subject to the legal provisions stipulated by foreign law that may be applicable to these purchases and that shall prevail over these Terms and Conditions. For purposes of clarity, it should be pointed out that these Terms & Conditions do not apply to purchases of NETATMO products from distributors or resellers. They only apply to purchases made directly from NETATMO from the www.shop.netatmo.com site. The Website is for retail sales to private consumers for domestic use only. 2. PRODUCTS AND SERVICES NETATMO sells the Products which are described and presented on its website as accurately as reasonably possible.NETATMO also offers an extension to its commercial warranty to customers who have purchased a new NETATMO brand product (referred to hereinafter as the “Netatmo Care Warranty Extension”). The terms of the Netatmo Care Warranty Extension are set forth in Article 10.2.2 below. Product and service selection and use are your sole responsibility. Before placing an order, you are solely responsible for: (a) selecting the Products and services forming part of your order as dictated by your needs; and (b) determining whether the Products ordered are compatible with the products you are already using. 3. PRODUCT AVAILABILITY Our Product offers are valid to the extent of available stocks as indicated in each Product description sheet. If despite all our efforts a Product becomes unavailable after your order has been approved, or if the time necessary for its delivery should be extended, NETATMO will so inform you by e-mail. As appropriate, NETATMO may offer that you accept a new delivery time. If this solution is not possible, does not suit you or if you provide no response, NETATMO will immediately cancel your order. In such a case, you will be fully refunded as soon as possible and, in any case, no later than thirty (30) days following your payment. However, if your order contains other available Products, such Products will be delivered to you and the delivery costs will not be refunded. 4.PRICES The prices for NETATMO’s Products and the Netatmo Care Warranty Extension are denominated in US dollars with all taxes included but exclude delivery charges. Delivery charges will be indicated before the order is completed and are invoiced separately. The amount of the delivery charges depends on order destination. Prices include value applicable taxes, which NETATMO will automatically apply.NETATMO reserves the right to modify at any time the price for the Products and services offered on its website. Your invoice will be based on the prices in effect at the time your order is registered. 5. ORDER BY PLACING AN ORDER FOR OUR PRODUCTS, YOU AFFIRM THAT YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS. You represent and warrant that (i) you have the right, authority and capacity to accept and agree to these Terms & Conditions; (ii) you are of sufficient legal age in your jurisdiction to purchase and use the Products and services and to enter into this agreement; (iii) your decision to purchase is based on an informed decision and that you have accepted without reservation the prices and quantities of the Products or services offered for sale and ordered; and (iv) the Products you purchased on NETATMO’s website are strictly for domestic use. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ANY OF THE PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS, YOU SHOULD NOT PURCHASE THE PRODUCTS. NETATMO reserves the right to not accept your order for any legitimate reason, including if:- your order does not comply with these Terms & Conditions; - the quantities of Products ordered does not correspond to ordinary use by a customer acting as a consumer strictly for domestic use; - a dispute relating to payment for one of your previous orders is being processed; or- several serious and consistent factors create a suspicion that your order is fraudulent. After your order is approved, you will receive an order confirmation at the e-mail address you provided at the time of the order. You should keep this message. 6. PAYMENT All purchases are payable in full at the time of order. The various payment methods accepted for payment of orders on www.shop. netatmo.com are:- (a) Bank cards (VISA, Mastercard, etc.), and - (b) Paypal.The full amount will be debited at the time of the order confirmation. An invoice will be sent to you when your order is shipped. By using our payment systems, you warrant to NETATMO that you have the necessary authorizations to pay for your order. 7. RETENTION OF TITLE The product(s) delivered to you remain NETATMO’s property until the settlement of all amounts due in respect of the order, i.e., the price and delivery charges for the product(s) and the applicable taxes.If payment is not made on the agreed date, the sale will be automatically cancelled and NETATMO will take back our products. 8. DELIVERY 8.1. Delivery address The Products will be delivered to the delivery address provided at the time of the order. If the delivery address is not provided during registration, the order will be delivered to the billing address. In the event of an error in the address details, NETATMO shall not be held liable for being unable to deliver the Product or for any delay in processing orders. You are responsible for shipping costs, and the amount thereof is indicated in the order summary. Our delivery charges and methods are as described on the Website. From time to time, in the United States, we offer different methods of shipment. The estimated arrival or delivery date is not a guaranteed delivery date for your order. Refused deliveries will be returned to our warehouse. It may take up to thirty (30) days for the returned items to be identified as refused and processed for a refund. 8.2. Information regarding Product delivery and receipt For the purpose of tracking your order’s delivery status, you will receive several emails informing you of your order tracking number and of your delivery status. Upon receipt of your order, we ask that you carefully check the condition of the parcel, its packaging and its contents in the presence of the transport company’s employee. If you notice the slightest anomaly, whether actual or suspected, you must:a. Comply with the transport company’s procedure designed for such cases (in particular, report any damage or anomaly (e.g., an open package) or make any complaint or reservation) and refuse the goods by making an immediate declaration to the transport company’s employee that the Products are not in good condition or present an anomaly.b. Inform NETATMO of such irregularities, specifying the order number. 8.3. Delivery time You will be informed of the Product delivery time in the relevant Product information sheet or at the time “Delivery and Payment” is selected.Delivery time may vary depending on the delivery method selected. The delivery time will then be confirmed on the “Order” page in the “Delivery and Payment” section. If the order includes several Products with different delivery times, the delivery time for your order will be the longest period mentioned. However, NETATMO reserves the right to break up orders into different shipments. Shipping and handling costs will be invoiced for a single shipment only. Late delivery In the event the shipment of your order is delayed, we will inform you by email and, if possible, we will propose a new delivery time. If you observe a delay in delivery as compared to the announced delivery date, you can contact us via our Helpcenter (https://helpcenter.netatmo.com), or send us an e-mail so that we can open an examination into the handling of your package by the relevant transport company. However, NETATMO will not be held liable for a late delivery due to your unavailability after several appointment proposals have been made.In any event, if the delivery date is not met, you may ask NETATMO to cancel the order and seek a refund under Section 9 (Returns and Refunds) below. If you receive the Product in the interim, you undertake to return it to NETATMO as soon as possible and NETATMO will then proceed with refunding the order and delivery costs. Where no request to cancel order is made, NETATMO may decide to reship the ordered Products at its own expense. If you receive an extra Product after NETATMO reships your order, you undertake to so inform NETATMO and to return the Product to NETATMO as soon as possible. NETATMO will pay for the return costs as provided for in Section 9 below "Cancellation and Return Conditions” below. 9. RIGHT OF WITHDRAWAL AND RETURN CONDITIONS Where necessary, it should be pointed out that the procedure relating to the right of withdrawal defined in this article only applies to purchases of NETATMO products and services made directly from NETATMO. If you wish to exercise your right of withdrawal for a product or service purchased from a distributor or reseller (and not directly from the shop.netatmo.com site), we would ask that you contact them directly. 9.1 Right of withdrawal for one or more products and, where applicable, a Netatmo Care Warranty Extension You have a right to change your mind and cancel your contract with us. In order to exercise your right to cancel in relation to the purchase (i) of one or more products or (ii) one or more products and a Netatmo Care Guarantee Extension, the following three steps must be followed:STEP 1: RETURN REQUEST NETATMO agrees to give you the right to cancel your purchase for any reason within 60 days of your purchase from NETATMO. The return costs shall be borne by NETATMO. In the event that an order contains several products that were delivered separately, the 60 day period begins to run upon your receipt of the last product delivered.The right to cancel cannot be applied to the Netatmo Care Guarantee Extension if you have already benefitted from this guarantee.To exercise your right to cancel and return your product(s), you can:- write to us via our Helpcenter (https://helpcenter.netatmo.com/en-us), select the article ‘I would like to return my order. How should I proceed?’ and ‘Send us a message’ to return a request- or send us e-mail at contact-shop@netatmo.com. the duly completed cancellation form below- Or send us a letter to 245, rue du vieux Pont de Sèvres, 92100 Boulogne Billancourt, France.In either of these options, you need to unambiguously express your desire to cancel and withdraw from your order. You can include the following form duly completed: Date Dear Sir or Madam: I, (your name), hereby notify you of my intent to cancel the contract regarding the sale of (product name), ordered on (date) and received on (date). I will return the contents of this order to you within fourteen days. To the extent I have also purchased a commercial warranty tied to the product with respect to which I am exercising my cancellation right, such cancellation also applies to the commercial warranty. Consumer’s name: Consumer’s address: Consumer’s signature (only if this form is sent in paper form): STEP 2: PRODUCT RETURNIn response to your return request, we will send you an email with a Return Merchandise Authorization ("RMA") form and a return address. You have thirty (30) days to return the Product from the day we send you the RMA form. At the end of that period, NETATMO will not exchange or refund the Products ordered. Return fees will be paid by NETATMO.It is strongly recommended that you return the Products by receipted registered post to ensure its arrival at the given address.NETATMO will only accept your return under the following conditions: (a) your return must include a printed and completed Return Merchandise Authorization form (as provided by the NETATMO Customer Service); (b) the Product must be in its original and undamaged condition (including packaging, accessories, manual, etc.) so that it can be re-sold as new; (c) you must provide attached invoice relating to the purchase(and, as the case may be, the Netatmo Care Warranty Extension you may have purchased) ; (d) any incorrect or excessive use, or a deterioration in the Product's appearance, or other use that is outside the scope of its intended and reasonably foreseeable use, will void your right to return the Product.STEP 3: REIMBURSEMENT Upon receipt of the returned product, NETATMO will acknowledge receipt by sending you an e-mail.The amount corresponding to your purchase will be refunded using the same payment method that was used for your purchase. The refund will be made without undue delay and no later than 14 days following the date you informed NETATMO of your decision to cancel. As necessary, NETATMO may postpone the refund until the product(s) are recovered or until you have provided proof of the products’ shipment, and the date taken into account will be the date that occurs first.Costs of returns will be paid by NETATMO provided you used the return label provided by NETATMO.Any rewards obtained when purchasing a product and the Netatmo Care Warranty Extension, if it has been purchased, will be cancelled if you exercise your right of cancellation for this product. 9.2 Right of withdrawal associated with the Netatmo Care Warranty Extension The steps below must be followed in order to exercise your right to cancel in the case of a purchase relating solely to a Netatmo Care Guarantee Extension:DEADLINE FOR GIVING NOTICE OF YOUR DECISION TO CANCEL You have a period of 60 days from the date of purchase of the Netatmo Care Guarantee Extension to exercise your right to cancel:The cancellation right will not apply to the Netatmo Care Guarante Extension if you have already benefitted from this guarantee.It is possible toexercise the right to cancel without having to give a reason for your decision and without incurring costs (notably for the return of the product). STEP 2: NOTIFICATION OF THE DECISION TO CANCELIf you wish to exercise your right to cancel in respect of the Netatmo Care Guarantee Extension, you may:- write to us via our Helpcenter (https://helpcenter.netatmo.com/en-us), select the article ‘I would like to return my order. How should I proceed?’ and ‘Send us a message’ to return a request- or send us e-mail at contact-shop@netatmo.com. the duly completed form below- Or send us a letter to 245, rue du vieux Pont de Sèvres, 92100 Boulogne Billancourt, France.In either of these options, you need to unambiguously express your desire to withdraw from your order. You can include the following form duly completed: Date Dear Sir or Madam: I, (your name), hereby notify you of my withdrawal from the contract regarding the purchase of the extension of the commercial warranty relating to (product name) and purchased on (date). You will find enclosed the invoice relating to such commercial warranty. Consumer’s name: Consumer’s address: Consumer’s signature (only if this form is sent in paper form): REIMBURSEMENT Upon receipt of the notification of the decision to cancel, NETATMO will acknowledge receipt thereof by sending you an e-mail.The amount corresponding to the purchased Netatmo Care Warranty Extension will be refunded using the same payment method that was used for your purchase. The refund will be made no later than 14 days of the date of receipt by NETATMO of your decision to cancel. Any rewards obtained when purchasing the Netatmo Care Warranty Extension will be cancelled if you exercise the right of cancellation for the Netatmo Care Warranty Extension. 10. COMMERCIAL WARRANTIES NETATMO offers 2 types of commercial warranty:i. a free commercial warranty whose particulars are outlined in Article 10.1ii. a paid Netatmo Care Warranty Extension whose particulars are outlined in Article 10.2 below. 10.1 The free commercial warranty ("Free Commercial Warranty") For every new product purchased, NETATMO guarantees the product at no extra cost against all material and/or manufacturing defects during its use in accordance with the documentation provided by NETATMO for a period of one(1) year from the date of purchase of the product.NETATMO guarantees wear and tear parts (batteries etc.) against all material and/or manufacturing defects during the use of the product in accordance with the documentation provided by NETATMO for a period of six (6) months from the date of purchase of the product.As long as you meet all of the conditions of the Free Commercial Warranty described in this section 10.1, NETATMO will at its discretion, do one of the following: (i) repair the product free of charge (including parts and labour) which you have already returned to NETATMO at your own expense, (ii) replace the product with an identical product or, with your agreement, an equivalent product, or (iii) reimburse the purchase price of the product (excluding any discount or promotion and excluding delivery costs and warranty prices). NETATMO will not under any circumstances reimburse you for the initial deliver costs when you exercise your rights under the Free Commercial Warranty. You will be liable for the costs incurred in returning the product to be replaced or returned to the address provided by NETATMO. NETATMO will be liable for the costs incurred in sending the repaired or replaced product to the address which you have provided. In the case of repairs, NETATMO will only use new parts. In the case of a product replacement, the Free Commercial Warranty will nonetheless continue to apply until the end of its term (i.e. one (1) year from the date of purchase of the product). The Free Commercial Warranty will not apply in the following cases: (i) the product does not display any material and/or manufacturing defect, (ii) the product serial number is illegible or missing or (iii) the product (a) has undergone changes, adaptations, repairs or corrections by a party other than NETATMO or an authorised representative of NETATMO; (b) has been handled, stored, installed, tested or used without respecting the documentation provided by NETATMO; (c) has been damaged due to abuse, negligence, lack of care, accident or incorrect use; (d) has been affected by breakdowns, fluctuations or interruptions in the electricity or telecommunications network, in particular due to lightning or (e) has been damaged during a natural disaster, including fire, flooding, tornadoes, earthquakes and hurricanes.The aforementioned provisions are those applicable under French law. If the law of a different country is applicable to the purchase of NETATMO products, the mandatory provisions under such country’s law will be respected by NETATMO: for example, the legal warranty period will be 3 (three) years for consumers residing in Spain or Portugal. The Free Commercial Warranty only applies to the individual named in the purchase invoice and cannot be transferred. It can therefore not benefit any subsequent owners of the product.To benefit from the Free Commercial Warranty, please write to us via our Helpcenter (https://helpcenter.netatmo.com/en-us), or contact our Customer Service Department by sending an e-mail to: contact-shop@netatmo.com or by writing to the following address: NETATMO SAS; 245, rue du vieux Pont de Sèvres, 92 100 Boulogne-Billancourt, France. When you notify us of your intention to avail of the Free Commercial Warranty, you must provide a copy of the purchase documents together with a description of the problem or fault encountered. If, after analysing the returned product, it is determined that the conditions for benefiting from the Free Commercial Warranty have not been fulfilled, NETATMO will not be required to grant the benefits under the Free Commercial Warranty. 10.2 The Netatmo Care Warranty Extension (extension of the Free Commercial Warranty)10.2.1 Subject The Netatmo Care Warranty Extension is only offered for new NETATMO brand products which are intended for domestic use. Products which are eligible for the Netatmo Care Warranty Extension are those whose product page specifically displays a “Netatmo Care” banner and for which Netatmo has offered you an option to purchase the Netatmo Care Warranty Extension. 10.2.2 Content of the Netatmo Care Warranty Extension The Netatmo Care Warranty Extension replaces and supersedes the Free Commercial Warranty granted by NETATMO, as described in Article 10.2.1 above.For every new product purchased for which the Netatmo Care Warranty Extension has been purchased, NETATMO guarantees the product at no extra cost against all material and/or manufacturing defects during its use in accordance with the documentation provided by NETATMO for a period of five (5) years from the date of purchase of the product.NETATMO guarantees wear and tear parts (batteries etc.) against all material and/or manufacturing defects during the use of the product in accordance with the documentation provided by NETATMO for a period of six (6) months from the date of purchase of the product.If all the terms and conditions for the implementation of the Netatmo Care Warranty Extension defined above are fulfilled, NETATMO undertakes at its discretion, (i) to repair the product free of charge (including parts and labour) which you have already returned to NETATMO at your own expense, (ii) to replace the product with an identical product or, with your agreement, an equivalent product or (iii) reimburse the purchase price of the product (excluding any discount or promotion and excluding delivery costs and warranty prices). The implementation of the Netatmo Care Warranty Extension cannot under any circumstances result in NETATMO reimbursing the initial delivery costs. You will be liable for the costs incurred in returning the product to be replaced or returned to the address provided by NETATMO. NETATMO will be liable for the costs incurred in sending the repaired or replaced product to the address which you have provided. In the event of repairs, NETATMO will only use new parts. In the event of a product replacement, the Netatmo Care Warranty Extension will nonetheless continue to apply until the end of its term (i.e. five (5) years from the date of purchase of the product), as may be extended from time to time in accordance with applicable laws or regulations. The Netatmo Care Warranty Extension will not apply in the following cases: (i) the product does not display any material and/or manufacturing defect, (ii) the product serial number is illegible or missing or (iii) the product (a) has undergone changes, adaptations, repairs or corrections by a party other than NETATMO or an authorised representative of NETATMO; (b) has been handled, stored, installed, tested or used without respecting the documentation provided by NETATMO; (c) has been damaged due to abuse, negligence, lack of care, accident or incorrect use; (d) has been affected by breakdowns, fluctuations or interruptions in the electricity or telecommunications network, in particular due to lightning or (e) has been damaged during a natural disaster, including fire, flooding, tornadoes, earthquakes and hurricanes.If, after analysing the returned product, it is determined that the conditions for benefiting from the Netatmo Care Warranty Extension have not been fulfilled, NETATMO will not be required to grant the benefits under the Netatmo Care Warranty Extension but you may receive a voucher under the conditions outlined in paragraph 10.2.3 below.The Netatmo Care Warranty Extension only applies to the individual named in the purchase invoice and cannot be transferred. It can therefore not benefit any subsequent owners of the product.To benefit from the Netatmo Care Warranty Extension, please contact our Customer Support Team via our Helpcenter (https://helpcenter.netatmo.com/en-us), or send us an email at contact-shop@netatmo.com, or write to the following address: NETATMO SAS; 245, rue du vieux Pont de Sèvres, 92 100 Boulogne-Billancourt, France. When you notify us of your intention to avail of the Netatmo Care Warranty Extension, you must provide a copy of the purchase documents together with a description of the problem or fault encountered. 10.2.3 Voucher in case of accidental damage or damage not linked to the product In all cases where, after analysing the returned product, it is determined that the conditions for benefiting from the Netatmo Care Warranty Extension are not met, NETATMO will offer you a voucher of a value equivalent to fifty percent (50 %) of the product purchase price (excluding any discount or promotion and excluding delivery costs and warranty prices). You will be liable for the costs incurred for returning the product to the address provided by NETATMO. The voucher will be sent to you after the damaged product has been received. The product will not be returned to you and the Netatmo Care Warranty Extension will expire. The voucher will be valid for the purchase of a NETATMO product from the https://shop.netatmo.com/ website for a period of one (1) month. It will be non-transferable, non-transmittable and non-redeemable and may be used only once. It will only apply to the purchase price of a new product which is identical to the damaged product (or equivalent in the case of an update of the damaged product) and cannot be applied to delivery costs or the purchase of a paid commercial warranty.A maximum of one (1) voucher per product in total may be granted within the framework of the Netatmo Care Warranty Extension. 11. FORCE MAJEURE NETATMO shall not be liable for the non-performance of one of its obligations under these Terms & Conditions if such non-performance is tied to the occurrence of a force majeure event. Epidemics and pandemics are expressly accepted by the parties as being force majeure events. 12. PARTIAL NULLITY If any of the provisions of these Terms & Conditions is declared to be null, the nullity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the other provisions, which shall remain in full force and effect. 13. NO-WAIVER A party’s failure to rely on one of the provisions of these Terms & Conditions, at whatever time and irrespective of the duration of such non-performance, shall not constitute a waiver of such stipulation. 14. CLAIMS AND MEDIATION You may submit any claim by contacting NETATMO’s Customer Service Department using the following contact details; via our Helpcenter (https://helpcenter.netatmo.com/en-us), or send an e-mail, at the following address - contact-shop@netatmo.com; or by mail at the following address: NETATMO SAS; 245, rue du vieux Pont de Sèvres, 92100 Boulogne-Billancourt, France. 15. APPLICABLE LAW AND JURISDICTION These Terms & Conditions are governed by the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to any conflict of laws principles that may provide the application of the law of any other jurisdiction. You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in or for New York, New York for the purpose of litigating all such claims or disputes 16. CONFIDENTIALITY OF DATA To be informed about the way your data is processed and the terms for exercising your rights, please consult our Privacy Policy, which is available on NETATMO’s website: https://legals.netatmo.com/?read_only=true&goto=privacy