Privacy Policy Privacy Policy For the German version of the privacy policy ("Datenschutzerklärung"), please scroll down . I. Scope This privacy policy provides information on the collection and processing of personal data on the website of NetRange MMH GmbH. For the websites accessible at https://www.facebook.com/NetRange/ and https://twitter.com/netrange_mmh , personal data will not be collected or processed beyond what is stated in the privacy policies of Facebook ( https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation/ ) respectively Twitter ( https://twitter.com/en/privacy ). II. Name and Address of the Person in Charge The person in charge in the sense of the general data protection regulation (GDPR) and other national data protection laws of the EU member states as well as other data protection regulations for the website is: NetRange MMH GmbHMönckebergstr. 2220095 HamburgPhone: 040-280953-0Email: info@netrange.com III. Scope and Purpose of the Processing of Personal Data 1. Accessing the Website Each time the website is accessed, data and information about the computer system that accesses the website are automatically collected and temporarily stored in log files. The following data of the computer system that accesses the website are collected here: browser type and version used,operating system,internet service provider,IP address,date and time of access,websites from which the user accesses the website of NetRange MMH GmbH,websites that are accessed by the user via the website of NetRange MMH GmbH. These data are not stored together with any personal data of a user. IP addresses are stored exclusively in abbreviated form in log files. The legal basis for the collection and processing of personal data is Article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f GDPR. The legitimate interest lies in the possibility of a user-friendly application of the website, the optimization of the website and in ensuring the security of the information technology systems used therein. 2. Contact Form Users can send messages to NetRange MMH GmbH via a contact form. In order to receive a reply, the name and surname as well as a valid e-mail address of the user are required. By submitting the message via the contact form, the user agrees to the processing of the transmitted personal data. The data processing takes place exclusively for the purpose of processing and replying to messages submitted via the contact form. This is done on the basis of the voluntarily granted consent according to Article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. a GDPR. The personal data collected for the use of the contact form will be automatically deleted as soon as the request has been completed and there are no reasons for further storage. 3. Third-Party Services The following third-party services are used on the website: Google Maps ( https://maps.google.com ) Google Fonts ( https://fonts.google.com ) The legal basis for the use of the aforementioned third-party services is Article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. f GDPR. The legitimate interest is to provide a user-friendly website. The mentioned third-party services are responsible for the privacy-compliant handling of the data of the users themselves. IV. Rights of the Affected Persons If your personal data is processed, you are an affected person and you have according to the GDPR the following rights against the person in charge: 1. Right to Information You may ask the person in charge to confirm if personal data concerning you is processed by it. If such processing is available, you can request information from the person in charge about the following information: the purposes for which the personal data are processed;the categories of personal data that are processed;the recipients or the categories of recipients to whom the personal data relating to you have been disclosed or are still being disclosed;the planned duration of storage of your personal data or, if specific information is not available, criteria for determining the duration of storage;the right of rectification or erasure of personal data concerning you, a right to restriction of processing by the controller or a right to object to such processing; the existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority;all available information on the source of the data if the personal data are not collected from you;the existence of automated decision-making including profiling under Article 22 (1) and (4) GDPR and - at least in these cases - meaningful information about the logic involved, and the scope and intended impact of such processing on you. You have the right to request information about whether your personal information relates to a third country or an international organization. In this connection, you can request the appropriate guarantees in accordance with. Article 46 GDPR in connection with the transfer. 2.Right to Rectification If your personal data is incorrect or incomplete, you have a right to rectification and/or completion against the person in charge. The person in charge must carry out the correction without delay. 3. Right to Restriction of Processing You may request the restriction of the processing of your personal data under the following conditions: you deny the accuracy of your personal data for a period of time that enables the controller to verify the accuracy of your personal data;the processing is unlawful and you refuse to delete the personal data and instead request the restriction of the use of personal data;the person in charge no longer needs your personal data for the purposes of processing, but you need your personal data to assert, exercise or defend legal claims, oryou have objected to the processing pursuant to Article 21 (1) GDPR and it is not yet certain whether the legitimate reasons of the person in charge prevail over your reasons. If the processing of your personal data has been restricted, this data may only be used with your consent or for the purpose of asserting, exercising or defending legal claims or protecting the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest of the Europen Union or a European Union member state. If the processing of your personal data has been restricted according to the aforementioned provisions, you will be informed by the person in charge before the restriction is lifted. 4. Right to Cancellation a) Obligation to Delete You may require the person in charge to delete your personal data without delay if one of the following is true: your personal data are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.you revoke your consent to the processing in accordance with Article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. a or Article 9 (2) lit. a DSGVO and there is no other legal basis for processing.you object to the processing of your personal data according to Article 21 (1) GDPR and there are no prior justifiable reasons for the processing, or you object according to Article 21 (2) GDPR. your personal data has been processed unlawfully.the deletion of your personal data is required to fulfill a legal obligation under European Union or national law to which the person in charge is subject.your personal data were collected in relation to information society services offered pursuant to Article 8 (1) GDPR. b) Information to Third Parties If the person in charge has made your personal data public and if the person in charge is obliged to delete your personal data according to Article 17 (1) GDPR, it shall take appropriate measures, including technical ones, to inform data controllers who process your personal data that you have requested to delete your personal data. c) Exceptions The right to delete does not exist if the processing is necessary to exercise the right to freedom of expression and information;to fulfill a legal obligation which requires processing under the law of the European Union or of the European Union member states to which the person in charge is subject, or for the performance of a task of public interest, or in the exercise of official authority delegated to the person in charge;for reasons of public interest in the field of public health pursuant to Article 9 (2) lit. h and i and Article 9 (3) GDPR; for archival purposes of public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or for statistical purposes according to Article 89 (1) GDPR, to the extent that the right referred to in subparagraph (a) is likely to render it impossible or seriously affect the achievement of the objectives of that processing, orto assert, exercise or defend legal claims. 5. Right to information If you have exercised your right to rectification, erasure or restriction of processing to the person in charge, it is obliged to notify all recipients to whom your personal data have been disclosed of such correction or deletion of the data or restriction of processing, unless this proves to be impossible or involves a disproportionate effort. You have a right against the person in charge to be informed about these recipients. 6. Right to Data Portability You have the right to receive your personal data that you provided to the person in charge, in a structured, common and machine-readable format. You also have the right to transfer these data to another person without hindrance by the person i charge, provided that the processing is based on a consent according to Article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. a GDPR or Article 9 (2) lit. a DSGVO or on a contract according to Article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. b DSGVO, andthe processing is done using automated procedures. In exercising this right, you also have the right that your personal data are transmitted directly from one person in charge to another, insofar as this is technically feasible. Freedoms and rights of other persons must not be affected.The right to data portability does not apply to the processing of personal data necessary for the performance of a task in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority delegated to the person in charge. 7. Right to Object For reasons arising from your particular situation, you have the right to at any time object against the processing of your personal data which is processed pursuant to Article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. e or f GDPR. Following such objection, your personal data will cease to be processed unless the person in charge can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or unless the processing is for the purpose of enforcing, pursuing or defending legal claims. 8. Right to Revoke a Consent You have the right to revoke your consent at any time. The revocation of consent does not affect the legality of the processing of your personal data that has been carried out on the basis of the consent until the revocation. 9. Right to Complain to a Supervisory Authority Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to complain to a supervisory authority, in particular in the European Union member state of your residence, place of work or place of alleged infringement, if you believe that the processing of your personal data is in violation of the GDPR. The supervisory authority to which the complaint has been submitted by you shall inform you of the status and results of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy pursuant to Article 78 GDPR. Datenschutzerklärung I. Anwendungsbereich Diese Datenschutzerklärung informiert über die Erhebung und Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten auf der Website der NetRange MMH GmbH. Für die Websites, die unter https://www.facebook.com/NetRange/ bzw. https://twitter.com/netrange_mmh erreichbar sind, werden personenbezogene Daten nicht über das in der Datenschutzerklärung von Facebook ( https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation/ ) bzw. Twitter ( https://twitter.com/de/privacy ) erklärte Ausmaß hinaus erhoben oder verarbeitet. II. Name und Anschrift des Verantwortlichen Verantwortlicher im Sinne der Datenschutz-Grundverordnung und anderer nationaler Datenschutzgesetze der EU-Mitgliedsstaaten sowie sonstiger datenschutzrechtlicher Bestimmungen für die Website ist die NetRange MMH GmbHMönckebergstr. 2220095 HamburgTelefon: 040-280953-0Email: info@netrange.com III. Umfang und Zweck der Verarbeitung personenbezogener Daten 1. Aufruf der Website Bei jedem Aufruf der Website werden automatisiert Daten und Informationen über das Computersystem des aufrufenden Geräts erfasst und in Logdateien temporär gespeichert. Folgende Daten des aufrufenden Geräts werden hierbei erhoben: Informationen über den Browsertyp und die verwendete Version,Das Betriebssystem,Den Internet-Service-Provider,Die IP-Adresse,Datum und Uhrzeit des Zugriffs,Websites, von denen der Nutzer auf die Website der NetRange MMH GmbH gelangt,Websites, die vom Nutzer über die Website der NetRange MMH GmbH aufgerufen werden. Eine Speicherung dieser Daten zusammen mit anderen personenbezogenen Daten der Nutzer findet nicht statt. IP-Adressen werden ausschließlich in gekürzter Form in Logdateien gespeichert. Rechtsgrundlage für die Erhebung und Verarbeitung der personenbezogenen Daten ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 Satz 1 lit. f DSGVO. Das berechtigte Interesse liegt in der Ermöglichung einer nutzerfreundlichen Anwendung der Website, der Optimierung der Website sowie in der Sicherstellung der Sicherheit der dabei verwendeten informationstechnischen Systeme. 2. Kontaktformular Nutzer können über ein Kontaktformular Nachrichten an die NetRange MMH GmbH übermitteln. Um eine Antwort empfangen zu können, ist die Angabe von Vor- und Nachname sowie einer gültigen E-Mail-Adresse des Nutzers erforderlich. Mit Absenden der Nachricht über das Kontaktformular willigt der Nutzer in die Verarbeitung der übermittelten personenbezogenen Daten ein. Die Datenverarbeitung erfolgt ausschließlich zu dem Zweck der Abwicklung und Beantwortung von Anfragen über das Kontaktformular. Dies geschieht auf Basis der freiwillig erteilten Einwilligung gem. Art. 6 Abs. 1 Satz 1 Buchst. a) DSGVO. Die für die Benutzung des Kontaktformulars erhobenen personenbezogenen Daten werden automatisch gelöscht, sobald die Anfrage erledigt ist und keine Gründe für eine weitere Aufbewahrung gegeben sind. 3. Drittanbieter-Dienste In die Website sind die folgenden Drittanbieter-Dienste eingebunden: Google Maps ( https://maps.google.com )Google Fonts ( https://fonts.google.com ) Rechtsgrundlage für die Verwendung der genannten Drittanbieter-Dienste ist Art. 6 Abs. 1 Satz 1 Buchst. f) DSGVO. Das berechtigte Interesse liegt darin, eine nutzerfreundliche Website bereitzustellen. Die genannten Drittanbieter-Dienste sind für den datenschutzkonformen Umgang mit den Daten der Nutzer selbst verantwortlich. IV.Rights of those affected If your personal data is processed, you are the data subject i. s.d. GDPR and you have the following rights vis-à-vis the person responsible: 1. Right to information You can request confirmation from the person responsible as to whether personal data relating to you is being processed by us. If such processing is available, you can request information from the person responsible for the following information: the purposes for which the personal data are processed; the categories of personal data that are processed; the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data concerning you have been disclosed or will be disclosed; the planned duration of the storage of the personal data concerning you or, if specific information on this is not possible, criteria for determining the storage duration; the existence of a right to correction or deletion of the personal data concerning you, a right to restriction of processing by the person responsible or a right to object to this processing; the existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority; all available information about the origin of the data if the personal Data is not collected from you; the existence of automated decision-making including profiling in accordance with Art. 22 Para. 1 and 4 DSGVO and - at least in these cases - meaningful information about the logic involved and the scope and intended effects of such processing for you. You have the right to request information as to whether your personal data is being transmitted to a third country or to an international organization. In this context, you can request to be informed of the appropriate guarantees pursuant to Art. 46 GDPR in connection with the transmission. 2. Right to rectification You have the right to rectification and/or completion to those responsible if the processed personal data concerning you is incorrect or incomplete. Those responsible must carry out the correction immediately. 3. Right to restriction of processing Under the following conditions, you can request the restriction of the processing of your personal data: if you dispute the accuracy of your personal data for a period of time that enables the person responsible to verify the accuracy of the personal data check; the processing is unlawful and you reject the deletion of the personal data and instead request the restriction of the use of the personal data; the person responsible no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but you need them to assert, exercise or defend legal claims need, or if you have lodged an objection to the processing in accordance with Art. 21 Para. 1 DSGVO and it is not yet clear whether the legitimate reasons of the person responsible outweigh your reasons. If the processing of the personal data concerning you has been restricted, this data - apart from its storage - may only be used with your consent or to assert, exercise or defend legal claims or to protect the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest of the Union or a Member State are processed. If the processing has been restricted according to the above conditions, you will be informed by the person responsible before the restriction is lifted. 4. Right to erasure a) Obligation to erasure You can demand that the person responsible delete the personal data concerning you immediately if one of the following reasons applies: The personal data concerning you are necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise were processed is no longer necessary. You revoke your consent on which the processing was based pursuant to Article 6 Paragraph 1 Clause 1 Letter a or Article 9 Paragraph 2 Letter a GDPR and there is no other legal basis for processing. You object to the processing in accordance with Article 21 (1) GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate reasons for the processing, or you object to the processing in accordance with Article 21 (2) GDPR.The personal data concerning you were processed unlawfully. The deletion of the personal data concerning you is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation under Union law or the law of the Member States to which the person responsible is subject. The personal data concerning you were collected in relation to information society services offered according to Art. 8 Para. 1 GDPR. b) Information to third parties If those responsible have made the personal data relating to you public and are obliged to delete it in accordance with Article 17 (1) GDPR, they shall take appropriate measures, including technical ones, taking into account the available technology and the implementation costs. to inform those responsible for data processing who process the personal data that you, as the data subject, have requested them to delete your personal data. c) Exceptions The right to erasure does not exist if the processing is necessary to exercise the right to freedom of expression and information; to fulfill a legal obligation that requires processing under Union or Member State law to which the person responsible is subject, or to perform a task that is in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority that has been transferred to the person responsible; for reasons of public interest in the area of ​​public health in accordance with Article 9 (2) lit. h and i and Article 9 Paragraph 3 GDPR; for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or for statistical purposes in accordance with Article 89 (1) GDPR, insofar as the right mentioned under Section a) is likely to make it impossible or seriously impair the achievement of the objectives of this processing, or to assert or exercise or defense of legal claims. 5. Right to information of third parties If you have asserted the right to correction, deletion or restriction of processing against the person responsible, they are obliged to inform all recipients to whom the personal data concerning you has been disclosed of this correction or deletion of the data or restriction of processing unless this proves impossible or involves a disproportionate effort. You have the right to be informed about these recipients by those responsible. 6. Right to data portability You have the right to receive the personal data that you have provided to those responsible in a structured, common and machine-readable format. You also have the right to transmit this data to another person responsible without hindrance from the person responsible to whom the personal data was provided, provided that the processing is based on consent pursuant to Article 6 Paragraph 1 Clause 1 Letter a GDPR or Article 9 Paragraph 2 lit. a GDPR or on a contract in accordance with Article 6 Paragraph 1 Sentence 1 lit. b GDPR and the processing is carried out using automated procedures. In exercising this right, you also have the right to have the personal data concerning you transmitted directly from one person responsible to another person responsible, insofar as this is technically feasible. The freedoms and rights of other people must not be impaired by this. The right to data portability does not apply to processing of personal data that is required to perform a task that is in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority that has been assigned to the controller. 7. Right of objection You have the right, for reasons arising from your particular situation, to object at any time to the processing of your personal data, which is based on Article 6 (1) sentence 1 lit. e or f GDPR . After such an objection, your personal data will no longer be processed unless the person responsible can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims . 8. Right to revoke the declaration of consent under data protection law You have the right to revoke your declaration of consent under data protection law at any time. The revocation of the consent does not affect the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent up to the point of revocation. 9.Right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority Without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the member state of your habitual residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement, if you believe that the processing of the personal data concerning you violates the GDPR. The supervisory authority to which the complaint was lodged will inform the complainant about the status and the results of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy under Art. 78 GDPR. Contact info Let us know how we can help! Mönckebergstraße 22, 20095 Hamburg, Germany (+49) 40 280 953-0 skype About Font Primary Font Second Font Weight Body Font size Body Background Image Background Color Background Position Background Repeat Text color Link color Link hover color Background Topbar Color Topbar Color Link Topbar Color Hover Background Header Color Header Color Link Header Color Hover Background Menu | Color Link Menu | Color Hover Sub Menu | Background SubMenu | Color Sub Menu | Color Link Sub Menu | Color Hover Background Text color Color Link Color Hover Background Text color Color Link Color Hover