DFT Communications® Website Privacy Policy DFT COMMUNICATIONS® (“us,” “we,” “our,” or “Company”) have created the following Privacy Policy for when you visit our Website: www.dftcommunications.com (the “Website”). This Privacy Policy describes, among other things, the types of information we collect about you when you visit and use our Website, how we use it, and how you can access your information. This Privacy Policy is governed by our Terms & Conditions of Use, which is also available on our Website. If there are inconsistencies between our Privacy Policy and the Terms & Conditions of Use, the Privacy Policy controls. I. SCOPE OF THE PRIVACY POLICY This Privacy Policy applies to all Information that you provide to us and that we maintain electronically, whether you provide the information through our Website, or through other means. This Privacy Policy places no restriction on the use of Information we automatically collect from your visit, or de-identified or aggregated information that will remove references to an identified individual and/or make the data anonymous. II. INFORMATION WE COLLECT To operate our Website and provide you with access to certain products and services, we may collect the following types of information which are described in more detail below: (A) information you provide to us, (B) information we automatically collect, and (C) information we receive from third parties. All of the information listed in (A)-(C) above, are detailed below, and hereinafter referred to as “Information.” A. Information You Provide to Us: In using our Website, you may provide us with Information, including, without limitation: 1. Contact information such as name, postal address, email address, and telephone number(s); 2. Payment card information; 3. Unique identifiers such as username and password to access the Website; B. Information We Automatically Collect: We also collect information about you from your visit to our Website including: 1. IP address; 2. Your geographic location; 3. Date and time of your visit; 4. Domain server; 5. Type of computer, web browsers, search engine used, operating system, or platform or web browser you use; 6. Data identifying the web pages you visited prior to and after visiting our Website; and/or 7. Your movement and activity within the Website, which is aggregated with other information. We use a few different technologies to collect this Information: • The Website may place small files, called “cookies” onto your computer. Cookies are data files that websites write onto computer hard drives for record keeping purposes when you visit them. The cookie file then identifies you as a unique user. Cookies make your use of these Website more pleasing and efficient by “personalizing” your Website experience and gathering Website statistical data, such as which parts of the Website you have previously visited, what material you downloaded, your Internet provider’s domain name and country, and the addresses of websites you visited immediately before and after our Website. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, unless you have configured yours not to accept them. You can program your browser not to accept cookies, but if you do, you may not be able to use certain portions of the Website and the Website will not be able to customize certain features according to your preferences. • Web Beacons. Small graphic images or web programming code called web beacons (also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs”) may be included on the pages of the Website and in email messages we send you. Web beacons or other similar technologies may be used for several purposes, such as to count visitors to the Website, monitor how you navigate the Website or to count how many particular links posted on the Website were actually viewed. • Mobile Device Identifiers. Certain mobile service providers uniquely identify mobile devices and we, our Partners or our third-party service providers may receive such device information if you access the Website through a mobile device. Certain features on the Website may require collection of mobile phone numbers and we may associate that phone number to mobile device identification information. Additionally, some mobile service providers operate systems that pinpoint the physical location of devices that use their services. Depending on the provider, we, our Partners or our third-party service providers may receive this Information. • Embedded Scripts. An embedded script is programming code designed to collect Information about your use of the Website, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded to your computer from our web server or a third-party provider, is active only while you are connected to the Website and is deactivated or deleted once you leave the Website. • “Analytics ” are tools we use, such as Google Analytics, to help provide us with information about traffic to our Website.These services use the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Website, which it shares with other services and websites who use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. Google services make use of Google’s Tag Manager. • We, or third-party companies with whom we collaborate or hire to perform services on our behalf, may use your Information to contact or share with you with information that we believe may be useful to you, such as information about products or services provided by or through us through permissible targeted advertisements or related to our Website. You may opt-out of receiving permissible targeted advertisements by using the NAI Opt-out tool available at • Some users engage a Do Not Track (DNT) setting to indicate a preference regarding tracking by advertisers and other parties. We do not respond to DNT signals. C. Information We Receive from Third Parties We may collect additional Information about you from third-party websites, social media platforms, and/or sources providing publicly-available information to help us provide services to you. III. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION A. Use and Purpose of Processing Your Information We use and process your Information above for things that may include, but are not limited to, the following: 1. Provide you with the products, services, promotions, newsletters, and information you request; 2. To respond to your inquiries and provide you with requested information; 3. Communicate with you regarding our products and services, provided that you have not already opted-out of receiving such communications; 4. Improve our Website and resolve any technical problems; 5. Provide targeted advertisements to you; 6. Analyze the use of the Website and Information about visitors to our Website to understand and improve our service offerings and, in accordance with our sharing policies, discussed below, to produce anonymous or aggregated data and statistics that might help third parties develop their own products and service offerings; 7. Customize the content you see when you visit the Website, including to develop and provide advertising tailored to your interests; 8. Comply with our Terms and Conditions of Use (which is available on our Website); 9. Comply with any applicable laws and regulations and respond to lawful requests; and/or 10. For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your Information or pursuant to your consent. B. Sharing Your Information We may share Information, such as aggregate user statistics, with our partners and non-affiliated third parties. We may provide data, including Information about you, with our affiliates, subsidiaries and Partners. We may also share your Information as disclosed at the time you provide your Information, as set forth in the Privacy Policy and in the following circumstances: • Third-Party Service Providers . We may share your information with third-party service providers that perform certain functions or services on our behalf (such as to host our Website, fulfill orders, provide products and services, manage databases; perform analyses, process credit card payments, provide customer service, or send communications for us). These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us. • Disclosure of Customer Information for Legal and Administrative Reasons We may disclose your Information without notice: (i) when required by law or to comply with a court order, subpoena, search warrant or other legal process; (ii) to cooperate in investigations of fraud, intellectual property infringement or any other activity that is illegal or may expose us or you to legal liability; (iii) to comply with legal, regulatory or administrative requirements of governmental authorities (including, without limitation, requests from the governmental agency authorities to view your Information); (iv) to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of us, our subsidiaries and affiliates and any of their officers, directors, employees, attorneys, agents, contractors and partners, and the Website’s users; (v) to enforce or apply the Website’s Terms and Conditions of Use; and (iv) to verify the identity of the Website’s users. • Business Transfers. Your Information may be transferred, sold or otherwise conveyed (“Conveyed”) to a third party where we: (i) merge with or are acquired by another business entity; (ii) sell all or substantially all of our assets; (iii) are adjudicated bankrupt or (iv) are liquidated or otherwise reorganize. You consent to any and all such Conveyances of your Information. • Online Postings and/or Customer Engagement Campaigns: We may decide to allow users to share comments, participate in surveys, provide testimonials or other information.If you choose to submit such information to us, the information that you submit may be available generally to the public and will not be returned to you unless we receive such a request. Information that you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. We may also collect the email addresses of our visitors that we communicate with through questionnaires, surveys, email messages, social media, and other digital online features and platforms (including demographic and personal profile data). Except as provided in this Privacy Policy, we will not sell, rent, or license your Information we have collected to any third party without your consent. IV. LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SOCIAL MEDIA FEATURES Our Services may contain links to other websites or services that are not owned or controlled by us, including links to Social Media Platforms such as Facebook, Instagram and Twitter, or our advertisers, sponsors, and partners. This Policy only applies to Information collected by our Services. We are not responsible for the privacy and security practices of those other websites or Social Media Platforms or the Information they may collect (which may include IP address). You should contact such third parties directly to determine their respective privacy policies. Links to any other website’s or content do not constitute or imply an endorsement or recommendation by us of the linked website, Social Media Platform, and/or content. V. CONSENT By using the Website, you consent to the collection and use of your Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If you withdraw consent, you agree that despite withdrawal we may continue to use your Information previously provided to us to the extent that we are legally or contractually obligated to do so and to the extent necessary to enforce any contractual obligations you may have to us. You also understand that in withdrawing consent, we may no longer be able to provide you with services previously available with consent. VI. OUR RIGHT TO CONTACT YOU We may contact Website visitors who provide us information regarding account status, privacy statement, or any other policies or agreements relevant to site visitors. We may contact you by way of text, email, or telephone and you consent to us contacting you in these matters concerning our Website or related services or information for which we believe you may be interested. If you do not want to receive such e-communications, we provide customers with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us. If you no longer wish to receive specific communications or services, you have the following options: 1. You can click the unsubscribe link in the email and follow the instructions providing for unsubscribing to future email correspondence. 2. You can send an email request to: 3. If you wish to revoke your consent to receiving text messages, reply to the text with STOP. 4. You may also at any time edit your DFT Communications profile so that you no longer receive such emails. 5. Send mail to the following postal address: 40 Temple Street, Fredonia, New York 14063 6. Call us toll-free at: 1-877-653-3100 VII. INFORMATION SECURITY AND DATA RETENTION We use industry-standard procedures and various technical, administrative and physical safeguards to help protect the confidentiality of your Information. However, you should assume that no data transmitted over the Internet or stored or maintained by us or our third-party service providers can be 100% secure. We will retain your personal information for the length of time needed to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. VIII. CONSENT TO TRANSFER The Website is operated in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that Information we collect will be transferred to and processed in the United States. By using the Website, or providing us with any Information, you consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States, a jurisdiction in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen. We do not represent that our Website is appropriate or available in any particular jurisdiction. IX. CHILDREN’S INFORMATION The Website is intended only for users over the age of eighteen (18). If we become aware that a user is under 13 (or a higher age threshold where applicable) and has provided us with Information, we will take steps to comply with any applicable legal requirement to remove such Information. Contact us if you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected Information from a child under the age of thirteen (13). X.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY We reserve the right to change, modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time to reflect changes in our products and service offerings. If we modify our Privacy Policy, we will update the “Effective Date” and such changes will be effective upon posting. XI. CONTACT US If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please send us an email at info@dftel.com , write us at 40 Temple Street, Fredonia, New York 14063, or call us toll free at 1-877-653-3100. Last Updated on: March 15, 2019 Fredonia Office 38-40 Temple Street Fredonia, NY 14063 Hours: Monday – Friday 8:00am – 5:00pm Closed Saturday & Sunday Customer Service 716-673-3000 24/7 Tech Support 716-672-5100 Toll Free 1-877-653-3100 Netsync® App Portal Login Log in with your full netsync.net email address and password to access your account services. Username: Password: Need equipment financing? APPLY NOW News & Updates Copyright © 2023 DFT Communications. All rights reserved. This website uses cookies to improve your experience. If you continue using our website, we'll assume that you are happy to receive any cookies on this website. Continue Read More This website uses cookies to improve your experience. Close Privacy Overview Necessary Always Enabled Non-necessary