MEDIA.now.com Terms and Conditions Important Notice: The following terms and conditions (which include the linked policies) (“ Terms and Conditions ”) apply to your use of all the services available at MEDIA.now.com and/or provided on the website at the URL of http://media.now.com (and/or its redirected websites) (the services hereinafter referred to as the “ Service ” and the website, the “ Service Website ”). The Terms and Conditions apply to any visitors and registered users of the Service. By continuing to use the Service, you agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions TERMS AND CONDITIONS The Service 1.1 The Service can only be accessed through specific computer operating systems and/or browsers, for details please check system requirement s on the Service Website. 1.2 The Service may be restricted ( i) for use in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (" Hong Kong ”) only; (ii) to registered users; (iii) to selected registered users; and/or (iv) upon payment of a fee. Any application for the Service (if required) is subject to acceptance by us. 1.3 Where access to the Service is restricted to registered users, you may only access the Service by using a login ID that we accept and providing related password(s). Our rights and responsibilities 2.1 "We", "us" and “our” refer to PCCW OTT (Hong Kong) Limited . 2.2 We may: 2.2.1 deactivate the Service at any time without notice to carry out system maintenance, upgrading, testing and/or repairs; 2.2.2 limit or suspend your access to the Service without notice where we are of the opinion that such action is appropriate as a result of your use of the Service or where you breach any term of the Terms and Conditions; 2.2.3 expand, reduce and/or modify any part of the Service or any content (meaning any content made available or appearing in the Service and/or on the Service Website including but not limited to any still pictures, voice, series of moving images, whether animated or otherwise, music video, music, lyrics, song clips, audio and video recordings, text, articles, editorial works, data, information and/or other material or goods that may be accessed through or on the Service) (“ Content ”) ; and 2.2.4 amend the amount of any fees, introduce new fees and/or amend the Terms and Conditions, and/or amend any operating and/or usage rules which govern your use of the Service or the Content by posting the details of such amendments on the Service Website and such amendments will take effect immediately upon such posting being made.Your responsibilities 3.1 You: 3.1.1 have to be aged 18 or above; 3.1.2 are only authorized to use the Service and/or the Content for your own personal and non-commercial use in accordance with the Terms and Conditions; 3.1.3 will be strictly and solely responsible for your own use of the Service and the Content and any use of the Service and Content by any party who uses your login details will be treated by us as use by you; 3.1.4 must not, and must not permit any other person to, sell, reproduce, copy, distribute, publish, modify, prepare derivative works based on the Content or display the Content or cause the Content to otherwise be displayed in public , or be re-played, re-broadcast or in other ways be used for commercial, promotional or public purposes, unless with our prior written consent; 3.1.5 will abide by all relevant laws of and any operating and/or usage rules, as amended from time to time; 3.1.6 will provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as required to complete your application for and/or use of the Service ("User Data"); 3.1.7 will agree to maintain and promptly update the User Data you have submitted to us and keep it true, accurate, current and complete; 3.1.8 will not provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, if we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, we have the right to suspend or restrict your access to the Service and refuse any and all current or future use of the Service; 3.1.9 will upon our request, sign a hard copy version of the Terms and Conditions to confirm your acceptance of the same; 3.1.10 will upon our request, produce or provide a copy of your identification document to prove that you are aged 18 or above; 3.1.11 will report any violation of the Terms and Conditions to our customer service team; 3.1.12 will safeguard your login details and ensure that they are not disclosed or provided to any other person; and 3.1.13 will access the Service from only one computer or mobile device at any time. 3.2 You agree not to: 3.2.1 restrict or inhibit any other persons from using the Service, including, without limitation, by means of "hacking" or defacing any portion of the Service or the Service Website; 3.2.2 access or use the Service, the Service Website, the Content or the Software (as defined in Clause 6.1) for any unlawful purpose or any purpose not expressly authorized by the Terms and Conditions; 3.2.3 modify, adapt, sub-license, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble any portion of the Service Website, any of the Software or any part of the Content 3.2.4 remove any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices contained in the Service, the Service Website or the Content; 3.2.5 copy and/or frame any part of the Service or the Content without our prior written authorization; 3.2.6 use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, "data mine," or in any way reproduce, disrupt or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Service or the Content; 3.2.7 collect information of other users of the Service; 3.2.8 hack, break into, or attempt to hack or break into, in any manner the Service, the Software, the Service Website, and/or any data areas on our server(s) or that of any third parties; 3.2.9 download, copy, store, rip, distribute, share or re-direct any Content from the Service in any way or through any media; 3.2.10 disclose your login details or permit other persons to use your login details to access the Service or the Service Website; 3.2.11 incorporate any software or other materials that contain any virus, worm, time bomb, Trojan horse, or other harmful or disruptive components; 3.2.12 forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any contents transmitted through the Service; and 3.2.13 interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service. Privacy Policy Statement The Privacy Policy Statement which is applicable to the use of the Service is accessible at http://www.pccw.com/legal/privacy.html. The terms of the said statement form part of the Terms and Conditions.Personal Data Collection Statement Depending on the service or combination of services subscribed for at the time of your application for the Service, the personal data and other information ("Data") provided by you at the time of application and during your use of the Service is collected, used and retained by either one or more of the service providers of the PCCW Group, including Hong Kong Telecommunications (HKT) Limited ("HKT"), CSL Mobile Limited 香港移動通訊有限公司 , PCCW Media Limited 電訊盈科媒體有限公司, Moov (Hong Kong) Limited and PCCW OTT (Hong Kong) Limited (as the case may be) in accordance with the requirements in the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance and the Privacy Policy Statement (which can be viewed at http://www.pccw.com/legal/privacy.html) which also governs, together with the applicable terms and conditions of the service(s), how the Data is used and to whom it is disclosed. For the purpose of processing of application for/ and provision of, the service(s) and managing the service account, the Data could be used by and/or disclosed to affiliates or related companies of the PCCW Group, business partners and debt collection agents. All enquiries regarding the Company's compliance with its obligations under the Ordinance should be in writing to: Data Protection Officer, PCCW Limited, , GPO , Acknowledgements 6.1 You acknowledge that: 6.1.1 at all times only one video or sound track may be streamed through the Service; 6.1.2 certain channels, videos and content are provided by third party providers and not by us. Their supply and the supply of the channel programmes are beyond our control; 6.1.3 we disclaim any representation, guarantee, undertakings or warranty as to the quality and continuity of supply of any of the videos; 6.1.4 you did not rely on any information or representation to believe that certain content will be available to you at all times during your subscription of the Service (or any part of it); 6.1.5 we have the right to change, replace or cancel any channel and programme at any time (whether or not such has been publicized); 6.1.6 we have the right to change or reduce the airing time of any channel or videos; 6.1.7 we do not exercise any editorial control over and do not make any claims as to the truth of the statements and articles made by or written by our guests in any of the Content; 6.1.8 we do not vouch for or warrant the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of any Content and are not responsible for the Content; 6.1.9 the Content solely expresses the view(s) of the author(s) of the Content, not our views or any entity associated with us; 6.1.10 we disclaim all liability for any of the Content posted on the Service; 6.1.11 your use of different web pages of the Service Website or web sites linked to the Service may be governed by additional or different terms and conditions. Where this is the case, those additional terms and conditions will apply to your use of such web pages or web sites in addition to the Terms and Conditions and will prevail over the Terms and Conditions to the extent of any inconsistency; 6.1.12 nothing you do on or in relation to the Service or the Content will transfer any intellectual property rights to you or license you to exercise any intellectual property rights unless this is expressly stated; 6.1.13 there may be some Content on the Service which is not suitable for viewing by minors. You are responsible for checking the identity and/or age of any person who wishes or intends to view any such Content before you permit that person to view such Content and for generally ensuring that minors do not access such Content using your login details; 6.1.14 part of the Service and the Content may be provided or maintained by third party providers and not by us; in such cases, your correspondence or dealings with any third party provider are solely between you and that third party provider, and you agree that we will not be liable or responsible for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of such dealings; 6.1.15 unless explicitly stated otherwise, any new features that augment or enhance the Service shall be subject to the Terms and Conditions; 6.1.16 we may at any time employ and/or install any Software in any computer or mobile devices used by you, for purposes of detecting any downloading, copying, storing, song ripping, distribution, sharing or re-direction of any Content from the Service in any way or through any media; and 6.1.17 the provision of the Service is contingent upon the service capacity allocated by us (including but not limited to streaming capacity) for the Service and the reliability and stability of your internet connection which is out of our control.We will not be liable to you or any other third parties, including users of the Service (whether authorized or not) for any failure or delay in accessing the Service or any part thereof (whether due to the lack of streaming capacity or otherwise) and/or the consequences or effects on your internet connection, its speed and/or bandwidth that may be caused by the Service. Software Licence 7.1 You may from time to time be requested to download software, applications and/or programs from the Service (" Software ") and we hereby grant to you a non-exclusive and non-transferable licence for you to store, run and use the Software on your computer or mobile device in accordance with the Terms and Conditions and any software licence which accompanies the Software but not further or otherwise. 7.2 You agree to download and install the Software in the computer or mobile device to be used by you for accessing the Service, such programs and applications as specified by us for security purposes and/or for accessing the Service. 7.3 You acknowledge that we may refuse to provide the Service to you in the event you fail to successfully download and install the Software. Links and Advertisements 8.1 We have no control over any third party web sites linked to the Service and are not responsible for the content or accuracy of any off-site pages or any other third party web sites linked to the Service (including without limitation sites linked through advertisements). Some links which appear on the Service are automatically generated, and may be offensive or inappropriate to some people. The inclusion of any link does not imply that we endorse the linked site, and you use the links at your own risk. Your correspondence or dealings with, or participation in promotions of, advertisers on the Service Website are solely between you and such advertisers. We will not be liable or responsible for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings or as the result of the presence of links and advertisements on the Service. 8.2 We use third-party advertising companies (such as Doubleclick) to track and/or measure advertising effectiveness on the Service Website and other web sites. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to the Service Website and other web sites in order to measure advertising effectiveness and to provide advertisements about goods and services of interests to you. To find out more about the use of cookies and the information-gathering practice and opt-out procedures of the relevant third party advertising companies, please visit our FAQ section. Service Fees 9.1 We will invoice you for all fees which relate to your use of the Service (“ Fees ”) at such intervals as we determine appropriate. Fees may include but are not limited to subscription fees, usage fees, handling fees and any other relevant fees and charges current from time to time which relate to your use of the Service. Fees may be payable in advance or in arrears, in most cases, subscription fees are payable monthly in advance. You must settle all Fees by or before their respective due dates. The Fees will be calculated by reference to data recorded or logged by us or our Affiliates and not by reference to any data recorded or logged by you. Records held and logging procedures adopted by us will be conclusive evidence of the usage of the Service, the Content and the Fees payable by you. 9.2 We may from time to time offer discount to Fees upon such terms and conditions as specified by us. If at any time you fail to satisfy any of the aforesaid terms and conditions, the discount will be automatically forfeited; and in such a case, you will be automatically charged at the then prevailing price in the next billing period. 9.3 Unless otherwise specified, all currencies are in dollars. 10 Payment 10.1 You may settle the Fees through such payment method as may be made available by us from time to time. Any Fees which are recurrent in nature (i.e. subscription fees) will be automatically charged through such payment method as selected by you. 10.2 We have the right to, at any time and at our sole discretion, accept or reject the payment method selected by you. If no effective payment method is in place, your access to the Service may be suspended. The Service will only be restored if you fully settle all accrued charges and put in place a payment method accepted by us within 30 days from the date of suspension; otherwise, you will be deemed to have terminated the Service. 10.3 Where you have specified any part or all of the Fees to be billed through our Affiliates, our Affiliates will invoice you for such Fees whether or not in the same invoice for the services provided by such Affiliates (“Affiliate Invoice”).You agree to settle the Affiliate Invoice in full before the payment due date specified in the Affiliate Invoice. 10.4 Where you have specified any part or all of the Fees to be charged to your credit card (“ Card Account ”), you hereby authorize us to charge your Card Account the full amount of such Fees. Your bank and/or the credit card issuing company may charge you additional fees for making payment with your Card Account, please make enquiries with your bank for details. For avoidance of doubt, such authorisation will continue after the expiry date of such card in respect of any Fees which are recurrent in nature (i.e. subscription fees). Where you are not the cardholder, you warrant that you have obtained authorisation from the cardholder. 10.5 Any disputes regarding Fees on a statement for the Card Account must be raised within 30 days of the statement date notwithstanding, where relevant, any terms to the contrary in any cardholder agreement with the bank. 10.6 Any dispute regarding Fees on an Affiliate Invoice must be raised within 30 days of the Affiliate Invoice date notwithstanding, where relevant, any terms to the contrary in any agreement with the Affiliate. 10.7 If you have not settled any Affiliate Invoice by the due date, we or our Affiliates reserve the right to charge interest on any outstanding amount at such rate applicable to the payment means specified by you until the invoice has been paid in full; and to charge a handling fee, collection agency fee, reconnection fee and/or require a security deposit. The Service and any service that may be provided by our Affiliates may be suspended or terminated until such time when all Affiliate Invoices have been fully settled and paid. 10.8 You agree that we may transfer any amount that is owing to you or due from you under any of your accounts, if you have more than one account with us, so as to settle any outstanding amount due to us under any of your accounts, whether they have been terminated or suspended. 10.9 Please note that no credit or refund is available in respect of any time when the Service or any part thereof is disrupted or suspended ( i) for maintenance or (ii) as a result of technical difficulties or (iii) circumstances beyond our reasonable control or (iv) where you are not able to access or stream the Content for whatever reason. 11 Coupons redemption 11.1 If you receive any coupon issued or accepted by us (“Complimentary Coupon”) which entitles you to redeem any Service for free or at a discount (“Complimentary Service”), you must redeem the Complimentary Coupon on or before the expiry date printed on the Complimentary Coupon or within such period as notified by us, whichever is earlier. Any Complimentary Coupon not redeemed within the said period will be invalidated automatically without notice. 11.2 In addition to any conditions that may be printed on the Complimentary Coupon, all Complimentary Coupons are subject to the following conditions: 11.2.1 Complimentary Coupons are not redeemable for cash or any other goods or services; 11.2.2 Complimentary Coupons are not transferable and may not be exchanged with any third party for money or otherwise; 11.2.3 We may at any time and without notice to you invalidate a Complimentary Coupon for any of the following reasons: (i) fraud (actual or suspected); (ii) misuse; (iii) breach of any terms and conditions related to the Complimentary Coupon; (iv) this Service is terminated pursuant to Clause 13; and (v) any other cause reasonably required to protect our interests. 11.2.4 For all matters relating to the redemption of the Complimentary Coupon, we shall have sole determination, and our decision shall be final and conclusive. 11.3 Should any of the conditions listed in Clause 10.2 conflict with the conditions printed on the Complimentary Coupon, unless otherwise expressly stated in the Complimentary Coupon, the former shall prevail. 11.4 For the avoidance of doubt, your use of any Complimentary Service is subject to the Terms and Conditions. Your redemption of the Complimentary Coupon constitutes your agreement to be bound by the Terms and Conditions. 12 Indemnities 12.1 You agree to indemnify us against any action, liability, cost, claim, loss, damage, proceeding, and/or expense suffered or incurred by us arising from or which is related to: 12.1.1 your use of the Service, the Content, the Service Website, or the Software; and 12.1.2 any breach or non-observance of any term of the Terms and Conditions by you. 12.2 Clause 11.1 shall survive the termination of the provision of the Service.13 General Warranties & Liability 13.1 To the fullest extent permitted by law, we disclaim any representation or warranty whether express or implied as to the title, fitness for a particular purpose, merchantability, accuracy or standard of quality of the Service, the Software and/or any Content, that the Service will be uninterrupted or error free, any obligation to maintain the confidentiality of information (although our current practice is to maintain such confidentiality), the results to be obtained from use of any part of the Service and/or any of the Content unless otherwise specifically mentioned in the Terms and Conditions. We disclaim any representation or warranty that the Service will meet your requirements and/or your access to and use of the Service will be uninterrupted or error-free, free of viruses, malicious code or other harmful components or otherwise secure. 13.2 You agree that our liability arising from or in connection with the Service shall in any event not exceed the total Fees paid by you to us for the immediately preceding twelve months prior to any incident giving rise to a claim or HK$1,000 (One Thousand Hong Kong Dollars) whichever is lower. 13.3 We expressly disclaim any liability for: 13.3.1 any damage to or loss of data suffered by you arising from your use of the Service, the Software and/or any Content; 13.3.2 any claim based on contract, tort, or otherwise or any loss of revenue (whether direct or indirect), loss of profits or any consequential loss whether of an economic nature or not; 13.3.3 any claim relating to any part of the Service or any of the Content supplied, provided, sold or made available by or through the Service (or any failure or delay to so supply, provide, sell or make available); 13.3.4 any injury, disease, seizure or loss of consciousness suffered by you, arising whether directly or indirectly from accessing and using the Service or the Content; 13.3.5 any disruption or suspension of the Service or any part thereof which is attributable to an event or circumstance beyond our reasonable control; and 13.3.6 any infringement of intellectual property rights arising from your use of the Service, the Software, any Content. 13.4 Clauses 12.1 to 12.3 (both inclusive) shall survive the termination of the provision of the Service. 14 Termination 14.1 We may cease providing Service to you ( i) at any time on the giving of at least one calendar month notice to you or (ii) immediately if there is any breach by you of any term of the Terms and Conditions or (iii) immediately if we cease to have the right to provide Service. 14.2 You may terminate your subscription to Service by such methods as specified by us from time to time ,which may include submitting a termination request through the account maintenance section of the Service Website or our hotline as specified on the Service Website. Termination of provision of Service as requested by you will only be effective upon confirmation of such termination by us. 14.3 If your access to the Service is conditional upon your subscription to Netvigator or now TV service, we shall be entitled to restrict your access to the Service or any part of it on the Service Website if you cease to be a subscriber to Netvigator or now TV service. Where your subscription to the Service is conditional upon a concurrent subscription to Netvigator or now TV service, in the event you terminate your subscription to Netvigator or now TV service, you shall be deemed to concurrently terminate the Service. 14.4 In the event that you are in breach of the Terms and Conditions, you shall be deemed to have terminated your subscription to the Service. 15 Effect of Termination 15.1 Upon the termination of provision of the Service, all licences, rights and privileges granted to you under the Terms and Conditions shall cease. Any termination of provision of the Service shall not affect any accrued rights or liabilities of either party nor shall it affect the coming into force or the continuance in force of any provision contained in the Terms and Conditions which is expressly or by implication intended to come into or continue in force on or after such termination. Without prejudice to the foregoing, any Fees accrued and outstanding prior to the date of termination shall remain payable by you. Under no circumstances will you be entitled to a refund of any Fees or Complimentary Coupon, interest on any security deposit or any pro rata refund or credit of any Fees paid in advance upon the termination of provision of the Service.15.2 Where you have subscribed to any commitment plan for the Service and you terminate the provision of the Service for any reason (including any deemed termination) prior to the expiry of its commitment period, you shall pay us all accrued fees and an early termination charge, such early termination charge, unless otherwise provided for in the terms and conditions specified in the application, shall be a sum equal to the subscription fees payable by you from the date of termination until the expiry of the commitment period. 16 Unauthorized access 16.1 Unauthorized access to the Service is a breach of the Terms and Conditions and a violation of the law. Where the Service is restricted to registered users, you agree not to access the Service by any means other than providing us your login details. You agree not use any automated means, including without limitation, agents, robots, scripts, or spiders, to access, monitor or copy any part of the Service, the Content or the Service Website except those automated means for which we have given prior written approval. 17 General 17.1 We may appoint agents, assign or sub-contract the whole or any part of our rights and/or obligations contained in the Terms and Conditions to any person or entity at any time. You shall not assign, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of any of your rights, obligations and/or liabilities under the Terms and Conditions to any person or entity without our prior written consent. The English version of the Terms and Conditions shall prevail over any Chinese version (if any) which is provided for information purposes only. If any term or condition of the Terms and Conditions becomes or is declared illegal, invalid or unenforceable for any reason, such term or condition shall be divisible from the Terms and Conditions and shall be deemed to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions. The Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of Hong Kong and the parties hereby submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of . 17.2 All notices and other communications hereunder to us shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given when delivered, if delivered by messenger during our normal business hours; when sent, if transmitted by facsimile transmission (receipt confirmed) during our normal business hours to such facsimile number, or on the third business day following mailing, if mailed by certified or registered mail, postage prepaid to our registered office as shall be specified by us from time to time. 17.3 All notices and other communications hereunder which we give to you will be in such form and manner as we deem appropriate and shall be deemed to have been duly given when sent, if transmitted by electronic mail, mobile short message (SMS) or facsimile transmission; on the day of posting, if posted on the Service Website; on the third business day following mailing, if mailed to your address last notified to us. MEDIA 網上娛樂服務條款及條件 重要提示： 以下條款及條件 包括連結的政策)(“ 本條款及條件”) 適用於閣下使用 MEDIA .now.com 的所有服務及 或在域址 www.media.now.com ( 或其轉發網站 提供的所有服務 ( 該等服務以下簡稱 本服務 ，該 網站以下簡稱 本服務網站”) 。本條款及條件適用於任何造訪本服務網站的人士及/ 或登記用戶。閣下繼續使用本服務，即表示閣下同意受本條款及條件約束。 條款及條件 本服務 1.1. 本服務只能透過特定電腦運作系統及 或流覽器登入，有關詳情請於本服務網站查閱系統要求。 1.2. 本服務可被限制 ）僅於香港特別行政區（ 香港” ）內使用； ii ）僅供登記用戶使用； iii ）僅供被挑選 登記用戶使用；及 iv ）根據所支付的費用。對本服務的任何申請（如需要）均須待本公司接納方可作實。 1.3. 如本服務的登入僅限於登記用戶，本服務僅可由閣下使用我們接納的登入名稱及相關密碼進入。 我們的權利和責任 2.1. 我們” 及 “ 我們的” 乃指 PCCW OTT (Hong Kong) Limited 2.2. 我們可： 2.2.1. 隨時 暫停 本服務以便進行系統維修、提升、測試及／或修理，並無須給予通知； 2.2.2. 在我們認為適當的情況下，就閣下使用本服務或違反本條款及條件任何條款而限制或暫停閣下使用本服務，並無須給予通知； 2.2.3. 擴充、縮減及／或修改本服務的任何部分或任何內容（ 本內容” 指本服務所提供及／或於本服務網站出現的任何內容，包括但不限於可透過或根據本服務獲取的任何靜止圖像、聲音、連串以動畫或其他方式製作的動態影像、音樂錄像、音樂、歌詞、歌曲片段、錄音及錄影、文字、文章、評論、數據、資料及／或其他材料或物品）；及 2.2.4. 修訂任何費用的金額、收取新費用及／或修訂本條款及條件，及／或修訂管限閣下使用本服務或本內容的任何操作及／或使用守則，有關修訂的細節會張貼在本服務網站內，所有修訂將於張貼後立即生效。 閣下的責任 3.1. 閣下： 3.1.1. 必須年滿 18 歲； 3.1.2. 根據本條款及條件，僅獲授權使用本服務及本內容，以作閣下的本人私人及非商業用途使用； 3.1.3. 僅就閣下本人使用本服務及本內容承擔責任，而任何人士透過閣下的登記賬戶使用本服務將被本公司視為閣下本人使用； 3.1.4. 未經我們事先書面同意，不得自行或容許任何其他人士銷售、轉載、複製、分發、發表、修改、製作以本內容為基礎的衍生產物或展示本內容，或促使本內容以其他方式公開展示，亦不得重播、轉播或以其他方式將本內容用作商業、宣傳或公共用途； 3.1.5. 須遵守不時修訂的所有相關香港法例及任何操作及／或使用守則； 3.1.6. 須提供閣下辦理申請及／或使用本服務所需的真實、準確、現行及完整的個人資料（ 用戶資料” ）； 3.1.7. 同意保持及迅速更新閣下提交予我們的用戶資料，並確保資料真實、準確、現行及完整； 3.1.8. 不會提供任何失實、不正確、過時或不完整的資料，倘我們有合理根據懷疑有關資料為失實、不正確、過時或不完整，我們有權暫停或終止閣下登入你的賬戶並拒絕閣下於現時或日後對本服務的任何及一切使用； 3.1.9. 須應我們要求簽署本協議的列印本以確認閣下接受本條款及條件； 3.1.10. 須應我們要求出示或提供身份證明文件的副本以證明閣下為 18 歲或以上; 3.1.11. 須向我們客戶服務小組舉報違反本條款及條件的任何行為； 3.1.12. 須保護閣下的登入密碼，並確保並無向任何其他人士披露或提供；及 3.1.13. 同時僅從一部電腦 流動裝置使用本服務。 3.2. 閣下同意不會： 3.2.1. 限制或阻止任何其他人士使用本服務，包括但不限於透過「非法入侵」或破壞本服務或本服務網站的任何部分； 3.2.2. 將本服務、本服務網站、本內容或有關軟件（定義見第 6.1 條）用於任何非法用途或本條款及條件並無明確授權的任何用途； 3.2.3.Modify, adapt, sublicense, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decompile or split any part of this service website, any relevant software, or any content; 3.2.4. Delete any copyright, Trademarks or other proprietary notices; 3.2.5. Copying and/or extracting any part of this service or this content without our prior written authorization; 3.2.6. Using any robot, spider program, website search/retrieval applications, or other manual or automatic devices or programs to retrieve, index, "data mine," or in any way reproduce, disrupt, or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Service or the Content; 3.2.7. Collection of the Service 3.2.8. Illegal intrusion, intrusion or attempted in any way illegal intrusion or intrusion into this service, relevant software, this service website and/or any data area of ​​our or any third-party server; 3.2.9. Download, copy, store, record, distribute, share or redirect any Content from the Service in any way or through any medium; 3.2.10. Disclose your login details or allow others to use your login 3.2.11. Add any software or other material that contains any viruses, worms, time bombs, Trojan horses, or other harmful or destructive elements; 3.2.12. Forge titles or otherwise manipulate identifiers to Disguise the source of any Content transmitted through the Service; and 3.2.13. Interfere with or disrupt the Service or servers or networks connected to the Service. Privacy Policy For the privacy policy applicable to this service, please refer to our Privacy Policy Statement http://www.pccw.com/legal/privacy.html The content of this policy statement forms part of these terms and conditions. Personal Information Collection Statement Depending on the service or service package you have registered for when you apply, the personal information and other information ("data") you provide when you apply and use this service will be collected by one or more PCCW Group service providers, including Hong Kong Telecommunications (HKT) Limited (“HKT”), CSL Mobile Limited, PCCW Media Limited PCCW Media Limited, Moov (Hong Kong) Limited and PCCW OTT (Hong Kong) Limited (as the case may be), pursuant to the Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance and the Company's Privacy Policy Statement (available at http://www.pccw.com/legal/privacy_c.html) collection, use and retention. The above documents, together with the applicable terms and conditions of service, also govern how the data will be used and to whom it will be disclosed. Information may be disclosed to and/or used by affiliated or related companies of the PCCW Group, business partners and debt collection agencies to process applications and provide services, and to manage service accounts. Any inquiries regarding the Company's obligations to comply with the above regulations should be addressed to the Data Protection Officer, PCCW Limited, GPO Box 9872, Hong Kong. Confirmation 6.1. You acknowledge that you understand that: 6.1.1. Only one video or soundtrack may be streamed through the Service at a time; 6.1.2. Certain channels, programs and other content provided in the Service are provided by third-party providers not provided by us. Their availability and the availability of the Channel's programs are also beyond our control; 6.1.3. We make no representations, promises, warranties, undertakings or guarantees as to the quality of the content of any individual program or the continuity of broadcast; 6.1. 4. You do not rely on any information or representations to believe that any individual content will be available to you during the whole or part of your subscription period; 6.1.5. We have the right to change, replace or cancel any channel at any time and programs (whether advertised or not); 6.1.6. We have the right to change or reduce the broadcasting hours of any channel or any of its programs; 6.1.7. We will not take any action against the comments and articles expressed or written by guests in this content 6.1.8. We do not guarantee or guarantee whether any of the content is accurate, complete or useful, nor are we responsible for the content; 6.1.9. Any content herein represents only The position of the author of this content is not related to the position of us or any of our related entities; 6.1.10.Privacy Policy Statement PACIFIC CENTURY CYBERWORKS LIMITED PERSONAL DATA (PRIVACY) ORDINANCE - PRIVACY POLICY STATEMENT GENERAL This policy statement provides information on the obligations and policies of Pacific Century CyberWorks Limited, its subsidiaries, affiliates, and associated companies (the "Company") under the Hong Kong SAR Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance 1995 - Cap.486 (the "Ordinance"). Although this policy specifically addresses the Company's obligations in respect of the laws of the Hong Kong SAR, the Company believes the principles embedded in the Ordinance are equal to any in the world in respect of the protections they provide to an individual. As such, the Company undertakes to apply, where practicable, those principles and the processes set out herein to its operations globally. Where the Company's operations are subject to privacy legislation other than that of Hong Kong SAR, then this policy shall be applied so far as practicable and consistent with such local legislation. For further details on the Company's compliance with the Ordinance and any other privacy legislation, please contact Data Protection Officer, PCCW Limited at the address listed below. Throughout this policy, our use of the term "personal data" has the meaning ascribed to it by the Ordinance. OUR CORPORATE POLICY The Company shall fully comply with the obligations and requirements of the Ordinance. The Company's officers, management, and members of staff shall, at all times, respect the confidentiality of and endeavor to keep safe any and all personal data collected and/or stored and/or transmitted and/or used for, or on behalf of, the Company. The Company shall endeavor to ensure all collection and/or storage and/or transmission and/or usage of personal data by the Company shall be done in accordance with the obligations and requirements of the Ordinance. Where an individual legitimately requests access to and/or correction of personal data relating to the individual, held by the Company, then the Company shall provide and/or correct that data in accordance with the times and manner stipulated within the Ordinance. STATEMENT OF PRACTICES Types of Personal Data Collected For the purpose of carrying on the Company's business, including registration and administration of the Company's telecommunications and related products and services (including relevant online services), you may be requested to provide personal data such as, but not limited to, the following, without which it may not be possible to satisfy your request: Your name;Service installation address, correspondence address, and/or billing address;Account details, including account numbers, service numbers, or user accounts;Payment details, including credit card and banking information;Contact details, including contact name and telephone number or email address; orInformation for the verification of identity, including identification type and identification number. In some instances, you may also be requested to provide certain data that may be used to further improve our products and services and/or better tailor the type of information presented to you. In most cases, this type of data is optional although, where the requested service is a personalized service, or provision of a product or dependant on your providing all requested data, failure to provide the requested data may prevent us from providing the service to you. This type of data includes, but is not limited to: Your age;Gender;Salary range and employment details;Education and Profession;Hobbies and leisure activities;Other related products and services subscribed to; andFamily and household demographics.In support of the telecommunications and other services offered by the Company, information may be automatically collected relating to those services so we may perform accurate reporting and administration of your accounts such as, but not limited to, call/connection time, duration, origin, and destination. The Company's Web servers may also collect data relating to your online session, the use of which is to provide aggregated, anonymous, statistical information on the server's usage so that we may better meet the demands and expectations of visitors to our sites. This type of data may include, but is not limited to: The browser type and version;Operating system; andThe IP address and/or domain name. Some of the Company's Websites may place a "cookie" on your machine; for example to provide personalized services and/or maintain your identity across multiple pages within or across one or more sessions. This information may include, but is not limited to, relevant login and authentication details as well as information relating to your activities and preferences across our Websites. Under certain circumstances, telephone calls made to our order and/or service hotlines and/or inquiry telephone numbers are recorded for the purposes of quality control, appraisal, as well as staff management and development. Unless expressly indicated at the time of calling, such recordings are NOT personal data of the caller and therefore, in respect of the caller, are not subject to the various provisions of the Ordinance and the caller has no rights and/or claims; either statutory, contractual or tortious, over or to such data. At all times, every care is taken to protect such recordings from inadvertent and/or unauthorized access. Accuracy of Personal Data Where possible, we will validate data provided using generally accepted practices and guidelines. This includes the use of check sum verification on some numeric fields such as account numbers or credit card numbers. In some instances, we are able to validate the data provided against pre-existing data held by the Company. In some cases, as per the requirements of the Ordinance, the Company is required to see original documentation before we may use the personal data such as with Personal Identifiers and/or proof of address. Although we do not currently provide online access to and correction of personal data held by the Company, we fully comply with the "Rights of Access and Correction" obligations of the Ordinance. Please refer to the section titled "Access and Correction of Personal Data" below for details on how you can obtain and correct any personal data relating to you that we may hold. Retention of Personal Data The Company will destroy any personal data it may hold in accordance with our internal retention policy. The policy states that: Personal data will only be retained for as long as is necessary to fulfil the original or directly related purpose for which it was collected, unless the personal data is also retained to satisfy any applicable statutory or contractual obligations; andPersonal data are purged from the Company's electronic, manual, and other filing systems in accordance with specific schedules based on the above criteria and the Company's internal procedures.Disclosure of Personal Data All personal data held by the Company will be kept confidential but the Company may, where such disclosure is necessary to satisfy the purpose, or a directly related purpose, for which the data was collected provide such information to the following parties: Any subsidiaries, holding companies, associated companies, or affiliates of, or companies controlled by, or under common control with the Company;Any person or company who is acting for or on behalf of the Company, or jointly with the Company, in respect of the purpose or a directly related purpose for which the data was provided;c. Any other person or company who is under a duty of confidentiality to the Company and has undertaken to keep such information confidential, provided such person or company has a legitimate right to such information; and d. Any financial institutions, charge or credit card issuing companies, credit information or reference bureaux, or collection agencies necessary to establish and support the payment of any services being requested. Personal data may also be disclosed to any person or persons that have a right under the Ordinance to gain access to such information provided they are able to prove their authority to access such information. For example, if the Company were served with a court order demanding certain customer information then the Company would disclose the information to the duly appointed officer of the court or such other persons as the court orders. Transfer of Personal Data Outside of Hong Kong At times it may be necessary and/or prudent for the Company to transfer certain personal data to places outside of the Hong Kong SAR in order to carry out the purposes, or directly related purposes, for which the personal data were collected. Where such a transfer is performed, it will be done in compliance with the requirements of the Ordinance. Security of Personal Data Physical records containing personal data are securely stored in locked areas and/or containers when not in use. Computer data are stored on computer systems and storage media to which access is strictly controlled and/or are located within restricted areas. Access to records and data without appropriate management authorization are strictly prohibited. Authorizations are granted only on a "need to know" basis that is commensurate with an individual's Company responsibilities and their training. Records of the Company are under the control of assigned information officers who are responsible to ensure the transfer of or access to information is legitimate and complies with the Ordinance. Audit records may be produced to validate data modifications in order to verify the data's integrity. There may be violations logging processes for investigation of any unauthorized attempt to access information. Encryption technology, such as SSL, may be employed for the transmission of data collected online. Access and Correction of Personal Data Under the terms of the Ordinance, individuals have the right to: Check whether the Company holds any personal data relating to them and, if so, obtain copies of such data;Require the Company to correct any personal data relating to them which is inaccurate for the purpose for which it is being used; and Ascertain the Company's policies and practices in relation to personal data, which are those policies and practices set out in their entirety herein.An individual may exercise his or her right of access by: Completing the form "Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance 1995 - PCCW Data Subject Access Request" ( PCCW/PDPF001A/0901 ) - see also Note 1 below;Sending the completed form, along with appropriate proof of identity (a copy of the applicant's Hong Kong Identity Card or Passport) and the prescribed fee (as at July 2001, HK$250) to Data Protection Officer, PCCW Limited at the address listed below. Alternatively, if you do not wish to provide a copy of your proof of identity, you may present the completed form ( PCCW/PDPF001A/0901 ) - see also Note 1 below - in person, along with appropriate identification and payment, at any of our conveniently located Customer Care Centers listed below. There, staff will verify your identity and stamp the completed form appropriately, before forwarding it on to the Company's Privacy Compliance Officer for processing. The Company will, upon satisfying itself of the authenticity and validity of the access request, make every endeavor to comply with and respond to the request within the period set by the Ordinance. An individual may exercise their right of correction by: Writing to Data Protection Officer, PCCW Limited at the address listed below, specifying the data which they believe to be incorrect, the reason they believe it is incorrect, and the applicable corrections; andProviding "proof of identity" verifying that the individual making the request is authorized to request such corrections. The Company will, upon satisfying itself of the authenticity and validity of the correction request, make every endeavor to comply with and respond to the request within the period set by the Ordinance Direct Marketing In accordance with the requirements of the Ordinance, the Company will honor an individual's request not to use his or her personal data for the purposes of direct marketing. Should you wish not to receive direct marketing material from the Company, please write to Data Protection Officer, PCCW Limited at the address listed below. Any such request should clearly state details of the personal data in respect of which the request is being made. Specifically, we request that you include the corresponding Company assigned account numbers which are printed on the Company's statements/invoices. Please also state clearly the authority under which you are authorized to make such a request. Unless otherwise instructed as per the above, the Company may use any of the data collected in the normal course of its business for marketing purposes. RECRUITMENT AND EMPLOYMENT Recruitment During the recruitment process, job applicants may be required to provide sufficient personal data so that the Company may, as appropriate and/or applicable: Assess the applicant's suitability for the position being applied for; Assess the applicant's suitability for other positions the Company may have available;Determine preliminary remuneration and benefit packages;Verification of credentials and/or experience; andPerform security vetting and/or integrity checking. At a minimum, such personal data will include: The applicant's name and contact details, including address and telephone number(s); Previous employment and relevant experience; andEducation and relevant training. Additional information may also be required dependant on the nature of the position being applied for. The applicant is responsible for ensuring all personal data they provide is accurate and complete.The provision of inaccurate information or the withholding of requested information may prevent the Company from making an offer of employment, invalidate such offer if the inaccuracy or omission is discovered after an offer has been made, or lead to termination of employment if the inaccuracy or omission is discovered after employment has commenced. The personal data so provided may be transferred to persons within the Company who are involved in the assessment of the applicant's suitability for the position applied for and/or other positions, which may be, or may become, available within the Company. The data may also be transferred to other third parties, such as investigation agencies, as are necessary to satisfy the purposes set out above. The Company shall retain the personal data of unsuccessful applicants for future recruitment purposes for a period of two years from the date of application. The personal data of successful applicants shall be retained for the duration of their employment by the Company and as described below under the heading of "Employment, Including Post Employment". In respect of the Company's practices regarding matters not directly addressed in this section "Recruitment", the practices, and procedures set out in the preceding sections of this Privacy Policy Statement shall apply. Employment, including Post Employment In the course of employment by the Company, personal data of employees and their families, as appropriate, will be collected and used on an ongoing basis for various Human Resource purposes including but not limited to; administering staffing, performance management, training, career development, salary and benefits administration, communication, medical benefits, provident fund administration, insurance, taxation, welfare and providing information in compliance with legal requirements. It will be transferred to those internal departments, intra-company, and/or to other third parties as is necessary for the purposes. The Company retains certain personal data of employees when they cease to be employed by the Company. Such data are required for any residual employment-related activities of the former employee including, but not limited to: The provision of job references;Processing applications for re-employment;Matters relating to retirement benefits; andAllowing the Company to fulfil contractual or statutory obligations. Further details regarding the Company's polices and practices in respect of it's handling of personal data relating to its employees, including post employment, are included in the Company's Human Resources Policies and Staff Handbooks. They are also available to the Company's employees from either the Company's Data Protection Officer or directly from their respective Human Resources representative. THE COMPANY'S PERSONAL DATA (PRIVACY) ORDINANCE CONTACT DETAILS All inquiries regarding the Company's compliance with its obligations under the Ordinance should be in writing to: PCCW Data Protection Officer, PCCW Limited GPO Box 9872 GPO Hong Kong Or via email to: opt-out@pccw.com Customer Care Centers: Care Center Area Address Tel. Mobile Services Care Center Mongkok 2/F-3/F, 168-176 Sai Yeung Choi St., Mongkok, Kln. 2888-1010 1010 Center TST G/F & 1/F, Zeng Cheng Building, 82-84 Canton Rd., Tsim Sha Tsui , Kln. 2910-1010 1010 Center Central G/F & 4/F Century Square, 1-13 D'Aguilar St., Central, HK. 2918-1010 O2F Megastore Tsuen Wan 1/F, Dung Fat Mansion, 10-20 Tai Ho Rd., Tsuen Wan, NT.2498-5961 Note 1: The Company will honor requests made either on its own form, "Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance 1995 - PCCW Data Subject Access Request" ( PCCW/PDPF001A/0901 ), or on that prescribed by the Hong Kong SAR Privacy Commissioner for Personal Data (form no.: OPS003), which is available from the Privacy Commissioner's Office, provided all mandatory data as specified in the Pacific Century CyberWorks form has been supplied. (If there is any inconsistency or conflict between the English and Chinese versions, the English version shall prevail.)Cookie Statement Our websites and apps (collectively, "our Websites") use cookies or similar tracking tools on your machine or device in order for us to, for example, personalise your user experience and/or maintain your identity across multiple webpages and/or Internet sessions. What are Cookies? Cookies are small text files that are placed on your device by websites or apps in order to remember information about you, such as language preference or login information. These cookies set by us are called "First-party" cookies. We also use "Third-party" cookies for advertising and marketing. What types of cookies are set? Strictly necessary cookies: These cookies are critical to enable basic functions of our Websites like page navigation and access to secure areas (customer profile). Our Websites cannot function properly without them. Performance and functionality / Performance cookies: These cookies are used to remember information that changes the way that our Websites behaves and looks, for example, your preferred language or the region where you reside. Analytics / Statistics cookies: These cookies are used to gather information to understand how you interact with our Websites. We may use web analytic service and tools developed by us or provided by Third Party Providers (e.g. Google Analytics provided by Google, Inc.) on the site to help us monitor and analyse visitor traffic, behaviour and statistics on the site. To do so, Google Analytics mainly uses first-party cookies, which store non-personally identifiable information, to report to us on user interactions on the site. For more details on Google Analytics, please visit www.google.com/analytics/. To find out how Google Analytics collects and processes data, please go to the site "How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services" located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. Advertising / Marketing cookies: These cookies help to deliver advertisings more relevant to your interests. They are usually placed by advertising networks with our permission. Social networking cookies: Allow visitors to share our pages and content through third-party social networking websites. How long they persist on your browser? There are two types of cookies: Session and persistent cookies. Session cookies are only kept for the length of time of your visit to our Websites, and erase once you close the browser or app. Persistent cookies will be stored on your browser ready for use the next time you visit our Websites. Manage "Cookies" Our Websites are initially set up to accept cookies. You can opt-out of or delete historical cookies by changing the settings on your web or mobile browsers; however, if you do so, you may find that certain features on our Websites do not work properly.