Endeavor Streaming Privacy Policy Last Updated December 31, 2019 This Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of Endeavor Streaming, LLC and its subsidiaries including but not limited to NeuLion, LLC (and its subsidiaries including but not limited to MainConcept GmbH and MainConcept LLC) as well as Dice Technology Ltd. and its subsidiaries (“Endeavor Streaming,” “we,” “us” and/or “our”) in connection with our websites, web applications and mobile applications that we offer directly to individuals (collectively, the “Online Services” or the “Services”). This Privacy Policy explains the types of personal information we collect, how we may use and share the data, and the privacy choices that you have with respect to our handling of personal information about you. If you are located in the European Union, Switzerland, Iceland, Norway, or Liechtenstein, please read our European Privacy Policy . Click on the links below to jump to the different sections of our Privacy Policy: Who We Are Endeavor Streaming is the host and provider of video streaming content produced by our clients and customers (“Content Providers”). We are also part of Endeavor Group Holdings and share data with its affiliated entities (“Endeavor”). If you would like a list of relevant entities, please submit an information request to the Privacy Team using the contact information below. Like any company, we use a variety of third party businesses and partners to market and provide our Services to you. Some of those companies are part of Endeavor and some are third parties that we partner with or support our operations so we can provide the best experience to you. Content Providers Endeavor Streaming is the platform behind a variety of popular entertainment content. In connection with providing the Online Services, we also share some of your personal information with any Content Provider whose content you view, or otherwise interact with. For information on how our Content Providers use data, please review the privacy policy of the appropriate Content Provider. How We Collect Information We collect personal information from various sources, including: Directly from you, at your direction or with your consentFrom companies that use our products and services, including to host and display contentFrom our vendors and business partnersAutomatically, from devices that you use to connect with our Online Services Types of Information We Collect The types of personal information we collect include: Contact information, such as name, email address, postal address, and phone numberDemographic information, such as date of birth, gender, and postal codeUsername and password for any account you may create with usUsage information, such as which content you view, start and stop times, when you view content, and similar informationPayment or billing informationGeolocation informationAny information you choose to provide in connection with your use of the Online Services Further information about the information we collect and how we use that information is set forth in the table below.Information We Collect and How We Use It Personal and online identifiers (such as first and last name, email address, phone number, usernames, or unique online identifiers) Directly from you Content providers To provide and Improve the Services Personalization of the Services Customer support Marketing and targeted advertising Security and fraud prevention Customer service partners Content providers Ad networks Endeavor Analytics services Financial Account Information (such as credit card numbers, bank account information, Paypal account information) Directly from you Payment processors To provide the Services To sell you subscriptions or content Payment processors Fraud and cybersecurity companies Endeavor Customer Profile Information (such as age range and ad demographics) Directly from you Content Provider To provide and improve the Services Personalization of the Services Direct marketing Targeted advertising Analytics Research and development Security and fraud prevention Endeavor Analytics services Ad networks Technology service providers Content providers Transactional Information Directly from you To Provide and Improve the Services Customer Support Analytics Research and Development Endeavor Analytics services Technology service providers Content providers Communications with you (such as customer support messages, emails, social media posts) Directly from you Customer support partners To Provide and improve the Services Customer Support Endeavor Analytics services Technology service providers Customer service partners Content providers Online Activity Information (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement) Directly from You Cookies and similar technologies To Provide and improve the Services Personalization of the Services Direct marketing Targeted advertising Endeavor Technology service providers Analytics services Ad networks Content providers Non-Precise Geolocation Information (such as zip or area code, state, country) Directly from you Cookies and similar technologies Technology service providers Ad networks To Provide and improve the Services to you Personalization of the Services Fraud and cybersecurity Direct marketing Targeted advertising Endeavor affiliates Ad networks Technology service providers Content providers Precise Geolocation Information (such as home address or GPS data) Directly from you Ad networks Third party data providers To Provide and improve the Services to You Targeted Advertising Endeavor Affiliates Ad networks Technology service providers Inferences drawn from the above information about your predicted characteristics and preferences Endeavor Content providers To Provide and improve the Services Personalization of the Services Direct marketing Targeted advertising Analytics Endeavor Ad networks Content providers Technology service providers Analytics companies Other information about you that is linked to the personal information above Directly from you Endeavor To Provide and improve the Services Personalization of the Services Endeavor Content providers Ad networks Marketing sponsors We may also use the information we have about you as necessary if we believe there has been a breach of the Terms of Use or the rights of any third party, orto comply with legal and/or regulatory requirements. We combine information we receive from other sources with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We use this combined information for the purposes set out above. We also aggregate and anonymize any personal information that we collect in connection with our Online Services, such that the information is no longer personally identifiable or attributable to you. We use such aggregated and anonymized information for our own legitimate business purposes. Location Data We may collect general location information or more specific location information from you. General information, such as your country or postal code, is used for a variety of reasons, such as determining which country you reside in so we can determine whether we have the rights to show certain content to you or if we need to assess local taxes. This also helps personalize the Online Services so we show you relevant content, including ads. In limited situations, we use more specific location information in order to show you ads personalized to you and your interests. For instance, if you attend an event of one of our Content Providers, we may use associated, more specific location information provided by you or third party data providers in order to tailor content and advertisements based on your attendance.Please note that we operate the Online Services on behalf of Content Providers, whose privacy policies address data collection and use in connection with the specific application and content you are using. Please review the applicable privacy policy of the specific application you are using to determine whether and how Content Providers may collect or use location data. Many apps and mobile operating systems allow you to limit the collection of location data from your mobile devices. Please review your app and phone settings for more information. Cookies And Advertising We, our affiliates, our service providers, and our business partners also collect certain information about the use of our Online Services by automated means, such as cookies, web beacons, pixels, and other technologies. We and our service providers and business partners collect information about website users’ online activities over time and across third-party websites. Because there is not yet a consensus on how companies should respond to web browser-based do-not-track (“ DNT ”) mechanisms, we do not respond to web browser-based DNT signals at this time. The information that may be collected by automated means includes: URLs that refer users to our Online ServicesSearch terms used to reach our Online ServicesDetails about the devices that are used to access our Online Services (such as IP address, browser type, and operating system information)Details about users’ interaction with our Online Services (such as the date, time, frequency, and length of visits, and specific pages accessed during the visits) Web browsers may offer users of our Online Services the ability to disable receiving certain types of cookies; however, if cookies are disabled, some features or functionality of our Online Services may not function correctly. To support and enhance the Online Services, we may serve advertisements, and also allow third parties to serve advertisements, through the Services. These advertisements are sometimes targeted and served to particular users and may come from third party companies called “ad networks.” Ad networks include third party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors and research firms. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these ad networks and other parties, although you have choices about those practices as described below. Advertisements served through the Online Services may be targeted to users who fit a certain general profile category, which may be inferred from information you provide to us or based on your Services usage patterns. We do not separately provide any personal information to ad networks, beyond cookie data that they may collect in connection with the Online Services. To learn more about ad networks and to adjust your preferences, please click here . Some of the ad networks and our business partners that collect information about your activities on our Online Services may be members of organizations or programs that provide you with choices regarding the use of your browsing behavior for purposes of targeted advertising. For example, you may opt out of receiving targeted advertising on websites from members of the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking here or the Digital Advertising Alliance by clicking here . European users may opt out of receiving targeted advertising on websites through members of the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance by clicking here , selecting your country, and then clicking “Choices” (or similarly titled link). Mobile app users may opt out of receiving targeted advertising in mobile apps through members of the Digital Advertising Alliance by installing the AppChoices mobile app, available here , and selecting your choices. For more information on how Endeavor Streaming uses cookies, please click here . How We Share Your Information We share data with third parties, including Content Providers and Endeavor, and the other categories of partners as listed above. Some of this sharing may constitute a sale of data under some data privacy laws. Accordingly, we offer the option for you to opt out of the sale of your personal information, as further set forth below.We may also disclose your personal information to third parties: If we enter into negotiations to buy, sell, or merge some or all of our business or assets, or if we enter into bankruptcy, reorganization, or receivership, in which case we may disclose your personal information to the prospective or eventual seller or buyer of such business or assets;If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in the event of an emergency, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Endeavor Streaming, Endeavor, our Content Providers, customers, website users, or others; and to any third party (whether or not covered in this Policy) with your prior consent. Social Media When you choose to share information with your social media account about your activities on our Services, including shows you watch or like on the Endeavor Streaming platform or any other aspect of our Online Services, information about you and your activities will be shared with that social network. This includes when you use a social networking login (such as Facebook Login) or when you connect your social media accounts to your log-in for any Services. We will also receive information the social network generally makes available to its partners when you connect your social media account. Please remember that anything you post publicly on a social media site is generally available to anyone for use, and please be sure to consult the privacy policies and settings on your social media accounts for information about the privacy practices of the social media provider. Minors We do not knowingly collect information from children who are under 13 years old. If you are a parent or guardian of a child who is 13-16 years old and using our Services, please send us an email at privacy@endeavorstreaming.com to opt in or request deletion of any personal information we may have collected about the child. If you are a parent or guardian of a child who is under 13 years old and using our Services, please contact us to arrange for deletion of any personal information we may have collected about the child. Opting Out Of The Sale Of Your Personal Information WE DO NOT SELL YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR MONEY. However, sometimes we share your data with Content Providers, service providers, Endeavor, and third party advertising networks. This sharing, which is used to provide you with certain aspects of the Online Services and/or to more effectively provide you with personalized Online Services (including advertising), may be deemed a sale under some data privacy laws. You may opt out of the sale of your personal information by: Clicking on the Do Not Sell My Personal Information button on the website hosting the content;Enabling the Do Not Sell My Personal Information feature in the user settings; orCalling 1-866-983-0571. Note: Not all of these options are available across every version of the platform. If you cannot locate an option to opt out of the sale of your personal information, please contact us at privacy@endeavorstreaming.com . You will be asked to provide certain information to us in order to exercise the Do Not Sell option so we can verify your identity and locate your records with us. Please note that your decision to opt out of the sharing of your personal information may impact the Online Services provided to you where such sharing is an integral part of the Service. Your Rights and Choices Some jurisdictions have specific legal requirements and grant specific privacy rights, and we will comply with restrictions and any requests you submit as required by the applicable law. When you make a request, we may require that you provide information and follow procedures so that we can verify a request you make (and determine the applicable law) before responding to it. The verification steps we take may differ depending on the applicable law and the request you make. We will respond to your request within the time period required by the applicable law. However, we may not always be able to fully comply with your request, and we will notify you if that is the case. Please note that your exercise of these rights is subject to certain exemptions to safeguard the public interest (e.g., the prevention or detection of crime) and our interests (e.g., the maintenance of legal privilege). We endeavor to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable and in compliance with all applicable laws.Access and correction of your personal information: You may access the personal information we maintain about you by submitting a request to us using the contact details below. If we grant your request, we will provide you with a copy of the personal information we maintain about you in the ordinary course of business, in a commonly used format. You may request access to correct any errors in your personal information. We may reject your request to access or correct personal information, as permitted by applicable law. If we reject your request, we will notify you of the reason(s) for the rejection Portability of your personal information : Under certain conditions, you may request that we transfer your personal information to another entity in the format in which we maintain it in the ordinary course of business. We may reject your request, as permitted by applicable law. If we reject your request, we will notify you of the reason(s) for the rejection. Deletion of personal information : You may request that we delete your personal information that we no longer have a lawful basis to use. We may reject your request, as permitted by applicable law. For example, Endeavor Streaming may be required by legal other reasons to retain your personal information in its business records. If we reject your request, we will notify you of the reason(s) for the rejection. Objection to processing of personal information . Under certain conditions, you may have the right to object to our processing of personal information about you, including our use of your personal information for marketing purposes and marketing profiles. Restrict the processing of your personal information . Under certain conditions, you may have the right to require us to restrict the processing of your personal information. Withdrawal of consent : If Endeavor Streaming relies on your consent for the processing of your personal information, we will obtain your consent at the time we collect your personal information. To the extent provided by applicable law, you may withdraw any consent previously provided to us, or object at any time on legitimate grounds, to the processing of your personal information. We will apply these preferences going forward. In some circumstances, withdrawing consent to our use or disclosure of your personal information will mean that Endeavor Streaming may no longer be able to provide you with the services. California Privacy Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), California consumers also have the following rights: Do-Not-Sell: You may opt out of our sale(s) of your personal information, as “sale” is defined by California law. Please see above for more information. Non-Discrimination: California law prohibits discrimination against you for exercising your privacy rights. Note: Where certain technologies rely on your data to provide the Services, the absence of that data may impact the operation of the Services. How to Exercise Your Rights. To exercise any of the above rights, please follow the instructions below: By phone at 1-866-983-0571By contacting us at privacy@endeavorstreaming.com . If you have an online account with one of our Services, you may also exercise your rights through the menu options available to you in the account settings. Verification Process and Required Information . All requests must be verified. Some requests, including receiving a copy of your data or requests made by an agent claiming to be acting on your behalf, are subject to heightened requirements. If we cannot verify your identity based on the information provided, a request for a copy of your data shall be treated as a request for information and if we cannot verify your identity, a request to delete personal information may be treated as a request to opt-out of the sale of personal information. Authorized Agent . You may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. An authorized agent must have written documentation of their authority to act on your behalf, such as a power of attorney. Marketing You may unsubscribe from receiving marketing or other commercial emails from Endeavor Streaming by following the instructions included in the email. However, even if you opt out of receiving such communications, we retain the right to send you non-marketing communications (such as information about changes to our Privacy Policy or Terms of Use). Links to Other Websites and Third Party Content We may provide links to other websites, services, and applications that are not operated or controlled by Endeavor Streaming (the “ Third Party Services ”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the Third Party Services. While we attempt to facilitate access only to those Third Party Services that share our respect for your privacy, we cannot take responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of those Third Party Services.We encourage you to review and understand the privacy practices of any Third Party Services before providing any information to or through them. Your interactions with any of those services are governed by the privacy policy of the third party that provides the service. Storage and Transmission We primarily store your data in the United States and the United Kingdom. However, we reserve the right to transfer your personal information to countries other than the country in which you initially provided the information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. The countries to which we transfer personal information may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. How We Protect Information Endeavor Streaming maintains administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information we maintain against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. Despite such efforts, however, please note that no company, including Endeavor Streaming, can fully eliminate risks or guarantee the security of personal information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of information about you at any time, and we bear no liability for uses or disclosures of personal information or other data arising in connection with theft of the information or other malicious actions. Data Retention Our retention periods for personal information are based on business needs and legal requirements. We retain personal information for as long as is necessary for the processing purpose(s) for which the data was collected, and any other permissible, related purpose. When we no longer need the personal information we collect, we either anonymize the information (in which case, we may further retain and use the anonymized information) or securely destroy the information. Changes to Our Privacy Policy We may at any time in our sole discretion revise or update this Privacy Policy. We will post any changes on this page and indicate at the top of this page the date this Privacy Policy was last revised. You may read a current, effective copy of this Privacy Policy at any time by visiting this page. We will also notify you of any material changes either through a pop-up notice, email or through other reasonable means. Contact Us If you have any questions, requests or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@endeavorstreaming.com . © 2023 Endeavor Streaming. All Rights Reserved. An Endeavor Company. Visit endeavorco.com . Cookie Policy By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Analytics Cookies Analytics Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Advertising Cookies Advertising Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label View Cookies