Privacy Policy Statement May 18, 2018 Sandrahaun EHF ("Newsgroup Ninja") Newsgroup Ninja is the most privacy oriented Icelandic NNTP provider in the world. Newsgroup Ninja through its website and services ("Services"), is committed to protecting any data that we collect concerning you. By using our services you agree to the use of the data that we collect in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We collect the minimum amount of information about you that is commensurate with providing you with a satisfactory service. This Policy indicates the type of processes that may result in data being collected about you. The purpose of this Privacy Policy to enable you to understand which customer information of yours is collected, how and when we might use your information, who has access to this information, and how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information and how you have control over the use of your information. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, we provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our homepage or sending you an email). What Customer Information is Collected: When you register for the services we will collect your email address. A payment method that you provide will be processed by a payment processor. Your device’s IP address will be collected upon connection to our website or services. We also collect basic server logs in connection with the use of our services and always recommend connecting securely with a VPN or other methods of encryption. We do not track customer usage of the services in terms of what content a customer uploads, downloads or what newsgroups a customer visits. Cookies Cookies are small data files stored on your browser or device. They may be served by the entity that operates the website you are visiting (“first-party cookies”) or by other companies (“third-party cookies”). For example, we partner with third-party analytics providers, like Google, which set cookies when you visit our websites. This helps us understand how you are using our websites so that we can improve them. Although most browsers and devices accept cookies by default, their settings usually allow you to clear or decline cookies. If you disable cookies, however, some of the features of our services may not function properly. Analytics cookies collect information about your use of the Sites, and enable us to improve the way it works. For example, analytics cookies show us which are the most frequently visited pages on the Sites, help us record any difficulties you have with the Sites, and show us whether our advertising is effective or not. This allows us to see the overall patterns of usage on the Sites, rather than the usage of a single person. We use the information to analyze the Sites' traffic. To prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics, you can install Google's opt-out browser add-on . Customer Information Use & Sharing We use the information collected for the following purposes: Facilitate customers in making credit card payments. We enter into confidentiality and data processing terms with payment providers to ensure they comply with high levels of confidentiality and best practice in privacy and security standards. We regularly review these standards and practices.Detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.Provide customer support.Communicate with you about our products and services. Law Enforcement and Legal Requests We do not release any information to foreign authorities or agencies. We only release any personal data or any data saved on our servers with a valid local court order or similar order from local authorities. Retention We retain personal data only for the purpose for which it was obtained. Direct Marketing You can opt-out from all direct marketing emails by following the instructions at the bottom of the email. You may also email us at support@newsgroup.ninja and request to be removed from direct marketing emails. We will still communicate with you about billing and support issues if required. Your Rights European users have certain legal rights to obtain information about whether we hold personal information about them, to access personal information we hold about them, and to obtain its correction, update, amendment or deletion in appropriate circumstances. Some of these rights may be subject to some exceptions or limitations. We will respond to your request to exercise these rights within a reasonable time (and in all cases within 30 days of receiving a request). Rights which you are entitled to are: Data access rightsRight to restrict processingRight of RectificationRight to Erasure (Right to be Forgotten)Right to object to processingRight to withdraw consent; andData portability rights Exercising Your Rights Our contact information for Privacy Inquiries: