Cookie Policy of Nixplay To find more information on California consumers and their privacy rights, Users may read the privacy policy . To find more information on Virginia consumers and their privacy rights, Users may read the privacy policy . To find more information on Colorado consumers and their privacy rights, Users may read the privacy policy . To find more information on Connecticut consumers and their privacy rights, Users may read the privacy policy . To find more information on Utah consumers and their privacy rights, Users may read the privacy policy . This document informs Users about the technologies that help Nixplay to achieve the purposes described below. Such technologies allow the Owner to access and store information (for example by using a Cookie) or use resources (for example by running a script) on a User’s device as they interact with Nixplay. For simplicity, all such technologies are defined as "Trackers" within this document – unless there is a reason to differentiate. For example, while Cookies can be used on both web and mobile browsers, it would be inaccurate to talk about Cookies in the context of mobile apps as they are a browser-based Tracker. For this reason, within this document, the term Cookies is only used where it is specifically meant to indicate that particular type of Tracker. Some of the purposes for which Trackers are used may also require the User's consent. Whenever consent is given, it can be freely withdrawn at any time following the instructions provided in this document. Nixplay uses Trackers managed directly by the Owner (so-called “first-party” Trackers) and Trackers that enable services provided by a third-party (so-called “third-party” Trackers). Unless otherwise specified within this document, third-party providers may access the Trackers managed by them. The validity and expiration periods of Cookies and other similar Trackers may vary depending on the lifetime set by the Owner or the relevant provider. Some of them expire upon termination of the User’s browsing session. In addition to what’s specified in the descriptions within each of the categories below, Users may find more precise and updated information regarding lifetime specification as well as any other relevant information — such as the presence of other Trackers — in the linked privacy policies of the respective third-party providers or by contacting the Owner. Activities strictly necessary for the operation of Nixplay and delivery of the Service Nixplay uses so-called “technical” Cookies and other similar Trackers to carry out activities that are strictly necessary for the operation or delivery of the Service. First-party Trackers Further information about Personal Data localStorage (Nixplay) localStorage allows Nixplay to store and access data right in the User's browser with no expiration date. Personal Data processed: Trackers. sessionStorage (Nixplay) sessionStorage allows Nixplay to store and access data right in the User's browser. Data in sessionStorage is deleted automatically when the session ends (in other words, when the browser tab is closed). Personal Data processed: Trackers. Third-party Trackers Tag Management This type of service helps the Owner to manage the tags or scripts needed on Nixplay in a centralized fashion. This results in the Users' Data flowing through these services, potentially resulting in the retention of this Data. Google Tag Manager (Google LLC) Google Tag Manager is a tag management service provided by Google LLC. Personal Data processed: Trackers and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Collection of privacy-related preferences This type of service allows Nixplay to collect and store Users’ preferences related to the collection, use, and processing of their personal information, as requested by the applicable privacy legislation. iubenda Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution (iubenda srl) The iubenda Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution allows the Owner to collect and store Users’ preferences related to the processing of personal information, and in particular to the use of Cookies and other Trackers on Nixplay. Personal Data processed: Trackers. Place of processing: Italy – Privacy Policy . Storage duration: _iub_cs-*: 1 yearusprivacy: 1 year Other activities involving the use of Trackers Basic interactions & functionalities Nixplay uses Trackers to enable basic interactions and functionalities, allowing Users to access selected features of the Service and facilitating the User's communication with the Owner.Registration and authentication By registering or authenticating, Users allow Nixplay to identify them and give them access to dedicated services. Depending on what is described below, third parties may provide registration and authentication services. In this case, Nixplay will be able to access some Data, stored by these third-party services, for registration or identification purposes. Some of the services listed below may also collect Personal Data for targeting and profiling purposes; to find out more, please refer to the description of each service. Dropbox Oauth (Dropbox, Inc.) Dropbox Oauth is a registration and authentication service provided by Dropbox, Inc. and is connected to the Dropbox service. Personal Data processed: Trackers and various types of Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Facebook Oauth (Meta Platforms, Inc.) Facebook Oauth is a registration and authentication service provided by Meta Platforms, Inc. and is connected to the Facebook social network. Personal Data processed: Trackers and various types of Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Storage duration: _fbp: 3 months Experience enhancement Nixplay uses Trackers to provide a personalized user experience by improving the quality of preference management options, and by enabling interaction with external networks and platforms. Displaying content from external platforms This type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of Nixplay and interact with them. This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it. Google Fonts Google Fonts is a typeface visualization service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing, that allows Nixplay to incorporate content of this kind on its pages. Personal Data processed: Trackers and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy ; Ireland – Privacy Policy . YouTube video widget (Google LLC) YouTube is a video content visualization service provided by Google LLC that allows Nixplay to incorporate content of this kind on its pages. Personal Data processed: Trackers and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Storage duration: PREF: 8 monthsVISITOR_INFO1_LIVE: 8 monthsYSC: duration of the session Measurement Nixplay uses Trackers to measure traffic and analyze User behavior with the goal of improving the Service. Analytics The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior. TikTok conversion tracking (TikTok Inc.) TikTok conversion tracking is an analytics and behavioral targeting service provided by TikTok Inc. that connects data from the TikTok advertising network with actions performed on Nixplay. The TikTok pixel tracks conversions that can be attributed to TikTok ads and enables to target groups of Users on the base of their past use of Nixplay. Personal Data processed: device information, Trackers, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example) and Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Targeting & Advertising Nixplay uses Trackers to deliver personalized marketing content based on User behavior and to operate, serve and track ads. Interaction with data collection platforms and other third parties This type of service allows Users to interact with data collection platforms or other services directly from the pages of Nixplay for the purpose of saving and reusing data. If one of these services is installed, it may collect browsing and Usage Data in the pages where it is installed, even if the Users do not actively use the service. Justuno (Justuno, Inc) Justuno is a popup management service provided by Justuno, Inc. Data collected through the Justuno, including precise location Data, may be used to expand and enrich the Owner’s User database, as well as to serve personalized ads to the User. Users may opt out of such collection and use of Data by following the instructions provided by the Network Advertising Initiative and AdChoices or through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile devices or ads settings in general. Personal Data processed: device information, email address, last name, phone number, physical address, Trackers, Usage Data and ZIP/Postal code. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt out .Remarketing and behavioral targeting This type of service allows Nixplay and its partners to inform, optimize and serve advertising based on past use of Nixplay by the User. This activity is facilitated by tracking Usage Data and by using Trackers to collect information which is then transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity. Some services offer a remarketing option based on email address lists. Services of this kind usually offer the possibility to opt out of such tracking. In addition to any opt-out feature offered by any of the services below, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section "How to opt-out of interest-based advertising" in this document. TikTok Remarketing ( TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited ) TikTok Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited that connects the activity of Nixplay with the TikTok advertising network. Personal Data processed: device information, Trackers, unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example) and Usage Data. Place of processing: United Kingdom – Privacy Policy . How to manage preferences and provide or withdraw consent There are various ways to manage Tracker related preferences and to provide and withdraw consent, where relevant: Users can manage preferences related to Trackers from directly within their own device settings, for example, by preventing the use or storage of Trackers. Additionally, whenever the use of Trackers is based on consent, Users can provide or withdraw such consent by setting their preferences within the cookie notice or by updating such preferences accordingly via the relevant consent-preferences widget, if available. It is also possible, via relevant browser or device features, to delete previously stored Trackers, including those used to remember the User’s initial consent. Other Trackers in the browser’s local memory may be cleared by deleting the browsing history. With regard to any third-party Trackers, Users can manage their preferences and withdraw their consent via the related opt-out link (where provided), by using the means indicated in the third party's privacy policy, or by contacting the third party. Locating Tracker Settings Users can, for example, find information about how to manage Cookies in the most commonly used browsers at the following addresses: Users may also manage certain categories of Trackers used on mobile apps by opting out through relevant device settings such as the device advertising settings for mobile devices, or tracking settings in general (Users may open the device settings and look for the relevant setting). How to opt out of interest-based advertising Notwithstanding the above, Users may follow the instructions provided by YourOnlineChoices (EU), the Network Advertising Initiative (US) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (US), DAAC (Canada), DDAI (Japan) or other similar services. Such initiatives allow Users to select their tracking preferences for most of the advertising tools. The Owner thus recommends that Users make use of these resources in addition to the information provided in this document. The Digital Advertising Alliance offers an application called AppChoices that helps Users to control interest-based advertising on mobile apps. Consequences of denying consent Users are free to decide whether or not to grant consent. However, please note that Trackers help Nixplay to provide a better experience and advanced functionalities to Users (in line with the purposes outlined in this document). Therefore, in the absence of the User's consent, the Owner may be unable to provide related features. Owner and Data Controller Creedon Technologies USA LLC 12301 Whitewater Drive Suite 115 Minnetonka, MN 55343 United States (Charter number: 3447040-2) Creedon Technologies USA, LLC affiliates: Creedon Technologies HK Limited 25/F Arion Commercial Centre, 2-12 Queen's Road West, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong SAR. Business Registration number 1514845; Creedon Technologies Limited 17 Albert Road, Plymouth, PL2 1AB United Kingdom. Company number 05914272; Creedon Technologies Canada Limited 306-3701 Hastings Street, Burnaby, Vancouver, BC V5C 2H6. Corporation number 863636-2; Creedon Technologies DE GmbH Johannes-Brahms-Platz 1, 20355 Hamburg, Germany. Company number HRB 154018. Owner contact email: support@nixplay.com Since the use of third-party Trackers through Nixplay cannot be fully controlled by the Owner, any specific references to third-party Trackers are to be considered indicative. In order to obtain complete information, Users are kindly requested to consult the privacy policies of the respective third-party services listed in this document.Given the objective complexity surrounding tracking technologies, Users are encouraged to contact the Owner should they wish to receive any further information on the use of such technologies by Nixplay. Definitions and legal references Personal Data (or Data) Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person. Usage Data Information collected automatically through Nixplay (or third-party services employed in Nixplay), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use Nixplay, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment. User The individual using Nixplay who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject. Data Subject The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers. Data Processor (or Processor) The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy. Data Controller (or Owner) The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of Nixplay. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of Nixplay. Nixplay (or this Application) The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed. Service The service provided by Nixplay as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application. European Union (or EU) Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area. Cookie Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser. Tracker Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device. Legal information This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation). This privacy policy relates solely to Nixplay, if not stated otherwise within this document. Latest update: July 14, 2023 iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided.Nixplay Privacy Policy IT FR ES DE Privacy Policy of Nixplay Nixplay collects some Personal Data from its Users. This document contains a section dedicated to California consumers and their privacy rights . This document contains a section dedicated to Virginia consumers and their privacy rights . This document contains a section dedicated to Colorado consumers and their privacy rights. This document contains a section dedicated to Connecticut consumers and their privacy rights. This document contains a section dedicated to Utah consumers and their privacy rights. This document can be printed for reference by using the print command in the settings of any browser. Policy summary Personal Data processed for the following purposes and using the following services: Access to third-party accountsFacebook account access Permissions: Photos; Videos Dropbox account access Personal Data: Data communicated while using the service; password; username AnalyticsGoogle Analytics 4 Personal Data: browser information; device information; session statistics; Usage Data TikTok conversion tracking Personal Data: device information; Trackers; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data Backup saving and managementAmazon Glacier Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service Beta TestingTestFlight Personal Data: app information; country; Data communicated while using the service; device information; device logs; email address; first name; last name; Usage Data; username; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service App Center - Beta Testing Personal Data: country; crash data; Data communicated while using the service; device information; email address; first name; last name; User ID Collection of privacy-related preferencesiubenda Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution Personal Data: Trackers Contacting the UserContact form Personal Data: email address Content commentingComment system managed directly Personal Data: email address Data transfer outside of the UKData transfer abroad based on standard contractual clauses (UK) Personal Data: various types of Data Data transfer outside the EUData transfer abroad based on standard contractual clauses Personal Data: various types of Data Device permissions for Personal Data accessDevice permissions for Personal Data access Personal Data: Camera permission; Google Home permission; Photo Library permission; Precise location permission (non-continuous); Social media accounts permission Displaying content from external platformsGoogle Fonts and YouTube video widget Personal Data: Trackers; Usage Data Hosting and backend infrastructureAmazon Web Services (AWS) Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service Infrastructure monitoringCrashlytics Personal Data: crash data; device information; Universally unique identifier (UUID) Interaction with data collection platforms and other third partiesJustuno Personal Data: device information; email address; last name; phone number; physical address; Trackers; Usage Data; ZIP/Postal code Managing contacts and sending messagesFirebase Cloud Messaging Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service Platform services and hostingShopify Personal Data: billing address; email address; first name; last name; payment info; phone number; shipping address Registration and authenticationDropbox Oauth and Facebook Oauth Personal Data: Trackers; various types of Data Instagram Authentication and Google OAuth Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service Registration and authentication provided directly by NixplayDirect registration Personal Data: country; email address; first name; last name; password; username Remarketing and behavioral targetingTikTok Remarketing Personal Data: device information; Trackers; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data Tag ManagementGoogle Tag Manager Personal Data: Trackers; Usage Data User database managementBraze Personal Data: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service Information on opting out of interest-based advertising In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services listed in this document, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section of the Cookie Policy. Further information about the processing of Personal Data Equal protection of User Data Nixplay shares User Data only with third parties carefully selected to ensure that they provide the same or equal protection of User Data as stated in this privacy policy and requested by applicable data protection laws.Further information on data processing and privacy practices by third parties can be found in their respective privacy policies. localStorage localStorage allows Nixplay to store and access data right in the User's browser with no expiration date. Push notifications Nixplay may send push notifications to the User to achieve the purposes outlined in this privacy policy. Users may in most cases opt-out of receiving push notifications by visiting their device settings, such as the notification settings for mobile phones, and then change those settings for Nixplay, some or all of the apps on the particular device. Users must be aware that disabling push notifications may negatively affect the utility of Nixplay. Push notifications based on the User's geographic location Nixplay may use the User's geographic location to send push notifications for the purposes outlined in this privacy policy. Users may in most cases opt-out of receiving push notifications by visiting their device settings, such as the notification settings for mobile phones, and then changing those settings for some or all of the apps on the particular device. Users must be aware that disabling push notifications may negatively affect the utility of Nixplay. Push notifications for direct marketing Nixplay may send push notifications to the User for the purpose of direct marketing (to propose services and products provided by third parties or unrelated to the product or service provided by Nixplay). Users may in most cases opt-out of receiving push notifications by visiting their device settings, such as the notification settings for mobile phones, and then changing those settings for Nixplay or all of the apps on the particular device. Users must be aware that disabling push notifications may negatively affect the utility of Nixplay. Besides applicable device settings, the User may also make use of the rights described under User rights in the relevant section of this privacy policy. Selling goods and services online The Personal Data collected are used to provide the User with services or to sell goods, including payment and possible delivery. The Personal Data collected to complete the payment may include the credit card, the bank account used for the transfer, or any other means of payment envisaged. The kind of Data collected by Nixplay depends on the payment system used. sessionStorage sessionStorage allows Nixplay to store and access data right in the User's browser. Data in sessionStorage is deleted automatically when the session ends (in other words, when the browser tab is closed). The Service is intended for adults Users declare themselves to be adult according to their applicable legislation. Minors may not use Nixplay. Transfer of personal information outside of Brazil based on contracts and other legal means We can transfer your personal information outside of the Brazilian territory provided that we are able to ensure that any further processing of your personal information will be in compliance with the principles and the rules established by the LGPD, and your rights are safeguarded. To do so, we may use one of the following legal means: specific contractual clauses for each given transfer. This means that we will enter into an agreement with the recipient of your personal information to make sure that such transfers meet the requirements explained above. Such an agreement shall be subject to the ANPD’s prior verification;standard contractual clauses. These clauses set terms and conditions for the transfer of personal information and are adopted by the ANPD;global corporate clauses. These clauses set terms and conditions for the transfer of personal information within an organisation and, before they come into force, are subject to the ANPD’s prior verification; seals of approval, certificates and codes of conduct regularly issued by the ANPD. These legal instruments allow us to transfer your personal information provided that we abide by their rules.They are subject to the previous approval of the ANPD. Unique device identification Nixplay may track Users by storing a unique identifier of their device, for analytics purposes or for storing Users' preferences. We do not collect personal data about Colorado consumers below the age of 13 We do not knowingly collect personal data of Colorado consumers who are below the age of 13 nor do we sell or process their data for targeted advertising purposes. We do not collect personal data about Connecticut consumers below the age of 13 We do not knowingly collect personal data of Connecticut consumers who are below the age of 13 nor do we sell or process their data for targeted advertising purposes. We do not collect personal data about Utah consumers below the age of 13 We do not knowingly collect personal data of Utah consumers who are below the age of 13 nor do we sell or process their data for targeted advertising purposes. We do not collect personal data about Virginia consumers below the age of 13 We do not knowingly collect personal data of Virginia consumers who are below the age of 13 nor do we sell their data or process them for targeted advertising purposes. We do not collect personal information about California consumers below the age of 16 We do not knowingly collect personal information of consumers who are below the age of 16 nor do we sell or share it. Contact information Owner and Data Controller Creedon Technologies USA LLC 12301 Whitewater Drive Suite 115 Minnetonka, MN 55343 United States (Charter number: 3447040-2) Creedon Technologies USA, LLC affiliates: Creedon Technologies HK Limited 25/F Arion Commercial Centre, 2-12 Queen's Road West, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong SAR. Business Registration number 1514845; Creedon Technologies Limited 17 Albert Road, Plymouth, PL2 1AB United Kingdom. Company number 05914272; Creedon Technologies Canada Limited 306-3701 Hastings Street, Burnaby, Vancouver, BC V5C 2H6. Corporation number 863636-2; Creedon Technologies DE GmbH Johannes-Brahms-Platz 1, 20355 Hamburg, Germany. Company number HRB 154018. Owner contact email: support@nixplay.com Full policy Owner and Data Controller Creedon Technologies USA LLC 12301 Whitewater Drive Suite 115 Minnetonka, MN 55343 United States (Charter number: 3447040-2) Creedon Technologies USA, LLC affiliates: Creedon Technologies HK Limited 25/F Arion Commercial Centre, 2-12 Queen's Road West, Sheung Wan, Hong Kong SAR. Business Registration number 1514845; Creedon Technologies Limited 17 Albert Road, Plymouth, PL2 1AB United Kingdom. Company number 05914272; Creedon Technologies Canada Limited 306-3701 Hastings Street, Burnaby, Vancouver, BC V5C 2H6. Corporation number 863636-2; Creedon Technologies DE GmbH Johannes-Brahms-Platz 1, 20355 Hamburg, Germany. Company number HRB 154018. Owner contact email: support@nixplay.com Types of Data collected Among the types of Personal Data that Nixplay collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: email address; Usage Data; device information; session statistics; browser information; first name; last name; username; password; country; Trackers; billing address; shipping address; phone number; payment info; physical address; ZIP/Postal code; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Data communicated while using the service; app information; device logs; User ID; crash data; various types of Data; Camera permission; Precise location permission (non-continuous); Social media accounts permission; Photo Library permission; Google Home permission; Universally unique identifier (UUID). Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using Nixplay.Unless specified otherwise, all Data requested by Nixplay is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for Nixplay to provide its services. In cases where Nixplay specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the Service.Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools — by Nixplay or by the owners of third-party services used by Nixplay serves the purpose of providing the Service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy, if available. Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through Nixplay and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.Mode and place of processing the Data Methods of processing The Owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Owner, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of Nixplay (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Owner at any time. Legal basis of processing The Owner may process Personal Data relating to Users if one of the following applies: Users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. Note: Under some legislations the Owner may be allowed to process Personal Data until the User objects to such processing (“opt-out”), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases. This, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of Personal Data is subject to European data protection law;provision of Data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the User and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof; processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the Owner is subject;processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the Owner;processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner or by a third party. In any case, the Owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of Personal Data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract. Place The Data is processed at the Owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. Depending on the User's location, data transfers may involve transferring the User's Data to a country other than their own. To find out more about the place of processing of such transferred Data, Users can check the section containing details about the processing of Personal Data. Users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of Data transfers to a country outside the European Union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the UN, and about the security measures taken by the Owner to safeguard their Data. If any such transfer takes place, Users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with the Owner using the information provided in the contact section. Retention time Personal Data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for. Therefore: Personal Data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the Owner and the User shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.Personal Data collected for the purposes of the Owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. Users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Owner. The Owner may be allowed to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever the User has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. Furthermore, the Owner may be obliged to retain Personal Data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority. Once the retention period expires, Personal Data shall be deleted. Therefore, the right of access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.The purposes of processing The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Service, comply with its legal obligations, respond to enforcement requests, protect its rights and interests (or those of its Users or third parties), detect any malicious or fraudulent activity, as well as the following: Contacting the User, Analytics, Registration and authentication provided directly by Nixplay, Tag Management, Platform services and hosting, Interaction with data collection platforms and other third parties, User database management, Remarketing and behavioral targeting, Displaying content from external platforms, Hosting and backend infrastructure, Backup saving and management, Beta Testing, Access to third-party accounts, Collection of privacy-related preferences, Content commenting, Data transfer outside of the UK, Data transfer outside the EU, Device permissions for Personal Data access, Registration and authentication, Infrastructure monitoring and Managing contacts and sending messages. For specific information about the Personal Data used for each purpose, the User may refer to the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data”. Facebook permissions asked by Nixplay Nixplay may ask for some Facebook permissions allowing it to perform actions with the User's Facebook account and to retrieve information, including Personal Data, from it. This service allows Nixplay to connect with the User's account on the Facebook social network, provided by Facebook Inc. For more information about the following permissions, refer to the Facebook permissions documentation and to the Facebook privacy policy . The permissions asked are the following: Basic information By default, this includes certain User’s Data such as id, name, picture, gender, and their locale. Certain connections of the User, such as the Friends, are also available. If the User has made more of their Data public, more information will be available. Photos Provides access to the photos the User has uploaded, and photos the User has been tagged in. Videos Provides access to the videos the User has uploaded and videos the User has been tagged in. Device permissions for Personal Data access Depending on the User's specific device, Nixplay may request certain permissions that allow it to access the User's device Data as described below. By default, these permissions must be granted by the User before the respective information can be accessed. Once the permission has been given, it can be revoked by the User at any time. In order to revoke these permissions, Users may refer to the device settings or contact the Owner for support at the contact details provided in the present document.The exact procedure for controlling app permissions may be dependent on the User's device and software. Please note that the revoking of such permissions might impact the proper functioning of Nixplay. If User grants any of the permissions listed below, the respective Personal Data may be processed (i.e accessed to, modified or removed) by Nixplay. Camera permission Used for accessing the camera or capturing images and video from the device. Google Home permission Used for accessing the Google Home and Chromecast devices and enabling Nixplay to interact with physical accessories in the User's surrounding environment. Photo Library permission Allows access to the User's Photo Library. Precise location permission (non-continuous) Used for accessing the User's precise device location. Nixplay may collect, use, and share User location Data in order to provide location-based services. The geographic location of the User is determined in a manner that isn't continuous. This means that it is impossible for Nixplay to derive the exact position of the User on a continuous basis. Social media accounts permission Used for accessing the User's social media account profiles, such as Facebook and Twitter. Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services: Access to third-party accounts This type of service allows Nixplay to access Data from your account on a third-party service and perform actions with it. These services are not activated automatically, but require explicit authorization by the User. Facebook account access (Meta Platforms, Inc.) This service allows Nixplay to connect with the User's account on the Facebook social network, provided by Meta Platforms, Inc. Permissions asked: Photos; Videos. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy .Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: sensorial information. This processing constitutes: a sale according to the CCPA, CPA and CTDPA Dropbox account access (Dropbox, Inc.) This service allows Nixplay to connect with the User's account on Dropbox, provided by Dropbox, Inc. Personal Data processed: Data communicated while using the service; password; username. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers; internet information. This processing constitutes: a sale according to the CCPA, CPA and CTDPA Analytics The services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior. Google Analytics 4 (Google LLC) Google Analytics 4 is a web analysis service provided by Google LLC (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of Nixplay, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services. Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. In Google Analytics 4, IP addresses are used at collection time and then discarded before Data is logged in any data center or server. Users can learn more by consulting Google’s official documentation . Personal Data processed: browser information; device information; session statistics; Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt Out . Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: internet information. This processing constitutes: a sale according to the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA TikTok conversion tracking (TikTok Inc.) TikTok conversion tracking is an analytics and behavioral targeting service provided by TikTok Inc. that connects data from the TikTok advertising network with actions performed on Nixplay. The TikTok pixel tracks conversions that can be attributed to TikTok ads and enables to target groups of Users on the base of their past use of Nixplay. Personal Data processed: device information; Trackers; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers; internet information. This processing constitutes: a sale according to the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA Backup saving and management This type of service allows the Owner to save and manage backups of Nixplay on external servers managed by the service provider itself. The backups may include the source code and content as well as the data that the User provides to Nixplay. Amazon Glacier (Amazon) Amazon Glacier is a service to save and manage backups provided by Amazon Web Services Inc. Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers. Beta Testing This type of service makes it possible to manage User access to Nixplay, or parts of it, for the purpose of testing a certain feature or the entire Application. The service provider may automatically collect data related to crashes and statistics related to the User's use of Nixplay in a personally identifiable form. TestFlight (Apple Inc.) TestFlight is a beta testing service provided by Apple Inc. Personal Data processed: app information; country; Data communicated while using the service; device information; device logs; email address; first name; last name; Usage Data; username; various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers; internet information. This processing constitutes: a sale according to the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA App Center - Beta Testing (Microsoft Corporation) App Center - Beta Testing is a beta testing service provided by Microsoft Corporation. Nixplay may also send push notifications to the User. Personal Data processed: country; crash data; Data communicated while using the service; device information; email address; first name; last name; User ID. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy .Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers; internet information. This processing constitutes: a sale according to the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA Collection of privacy-related preferences This type of service allows Nixplay to collect and store Users’ preferences related to the collection, use, and processing of their personal information, as requested by the applicable privacy legislation. iubenda Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution (iubenda srl) The iubenda Privacy Controls and Cookie Solution allows the Owner to collect and store Users’ preferences related to the processing of personal information, and in particular to the use of Cookies and other Trackers on Nixplay. Personal Data processed: Trackers. Place of processing: Italy – Privacy Policy . Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: internet information. Contacting the User Contact form (Nixplay) By filling in the contact form with their Data, the User authorizes Nixplay to use these details to reply to requests for information, quotes or any other kind of request as indicated by the form’s header. Personal Data processed: email address. Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers. This processing constitutes: a sale according to the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA a sharing according to the CCPA targeted advertising according to the VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA Content commenting Content commenting services allow Users to make and publish their comments on the contents of Nixplay. Depending on the settings chosen by the Owner, Users may also leave anonymous comments. If there is an email address among the Personal Data provided by the User, it may be used to send notifications of comments on the same content. Users are responsible for the content of their own comments. If a content commenting service provided by third parties is installed, it may still collect web traffic data for the pages where the comment service is installed, even when Users do not use the content commenting service. Comment system managed directly (Nixplay) Nixplay has its own internal content comment system. Personal Data processed: email address. Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers. This processing constitutes: a sale according to the CCPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA Data transfer outside of the UK The Owner is allowed to transfer Personal Data collected within the UK to third countries only subject to specific legal requirements (so-called "restricted transfers"). Restricted transfers may take place according to the conditions specified below. Users can enquire with the Owner to learn which legal basis applies to which specific service. Data transfer abroad based on standard contractual clauses (UK) (Nixplay) If this is the legal basis, the transfer of Personal Data from the UK to third countries is carried out by the Owner according to “standard contractual clauses” provided by the European Commission. This means that Data recipients have committed to process Personal Data in compliance with the data protection standards set forth by EU data protection legislation, which are recognized as valid also under UK law. For further information, Users are requested to contact the Owner through the contact details provided in the present document. Personal Data processed: various types of Data. Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers. Data transfer outside the EU The Owner is allowed to transfer Personal Data collected within the EU to third countries (i.e. any country not part of the EU) only pursuant to a specific legal basis. Any such Data transfer is based on one of the legal bases described below. Users can inquire with the Owner to learn which legal basis applies to which specific service. Data transfer abroad based on standard contractual clauses (Nixplay) If this is the legal basis, the transfer of Personal Data from the EU to third countries is carried out by the Owner according to “standard contractual clauses” provided by the European Commission. This means that Data recipients have committed to process Personal Data in compliance with the data protection standards set forth by EU data protection legislation. For further information, Users are requested to contact the Owner through the contact details provided in the present document. Personal Data processed: various types of Data.Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers. Device permissions for Personal Data access Nixplay requests certain permissions from Users that allow it to access the User's device Data as described below. Device permissions for Personal Data access (Nixplay) Nixplay requests certain permissions from Users that allow it to access the User's device Data as summarized here and described within this document. Personal Data processed: Camera permission; Google Home permission; Photo Library permission; Precise location permission (non-continuous); Social media accounts permission. Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: internet information; geolocation data. Displaying content from external platforms This type of service allows you to view content hosted on external platforms directly from the pages of Nixplay and interact with them. This type of service might still collect web traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it. Google Fonts Google Fonts is a typeface visualization service provided by Google LLC or by Google Ireland Limited, depending on how the Owner manages the Data processing, that allows Nixplay to incorporate content of this kind on its pages. Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy ; Ireland – Privacy Policy . Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: internet information. This processing constitutes: a sale according to the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA YouTube video widget (Google LLC) YouTube is a video content visualization service provided by Google LLC that allows Nixplay to incorporate content of this kind on its pages. Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: internet information. This processing constitutes: a sale according to the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA Hosting and backend infrastructure This type of service has the purpose of hosting Data and files that enable Nixplay to run and be distributed as well as to provide a ready-made infrastructure to run specific features or parts of Nixplay. Some services among those listed below, if any, may work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored. Amazon Web Services (AWS) (Amazon Web Services, Inc.) Amazon Web Services (AWS) is a hosting and backend service provided by Amazon Web Services, Inc. Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers. Infrastructure monitoring This type of service allows Nixplay to monitor the use and behavior of its components so its performance, operation, maintenance and troubleshooting can be improved. Which Personal Data are processed depends on the characteristics and mode of implementation of these services, whose function is to filter the activities of Nixplay. Crashlytics (Google LLC) Crashlytics is a monitoring service provided by Google LLC. Personal Data processed: crash data; device information; Universally unique identifier (UUID). Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers; internet information. Interaction with data collection platforms and other third parties This type of service allows Users to interact with data collection platforms or other services directly from the pages of Nixplay for the purpose of saving and reusing data. If one of these services is installed, it may collect browsing and Usage Data in the pages where it is installed, even if the Users do not actively use the service. Justuno (Justuno, Inc) Justuno is a popup management service provided by Justuno, Inc. Data collected through the Justuno, including precise location Data, may be used to expand and enrich the Owner’s User database, as well as to serve personalized ads to the User. Users may opt out of such collection and use of Data by following the instructions provided by the Network Advertising Initiative and AdChoices or through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile devices or ads settings in general. Personal Data processed: device information; email address; last name; phone number; physical address; Trackers; Usage Data; ZIP/Postal code.Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy – Opt out . Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers; internet information. This processing constitutes: a sale according to the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA a sharing according to the CCPA targeted advertising according to the VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA Managing contacts and sending messages This type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the User. These services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message. Firebase Cloud Messaging (Google LLC) Firebase Cloud Messaging is a message sending service provided by Google LLC. Firebase Cloud Messaging allows the Owner to send messages and notifications to Users across platforms such as Android, iOS, and the web. Messages can be sent to single devices, groups of devices, or specific topics or User segments. Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers. This processing constitutes: a sale according to the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA a sharing according to the CCPA targeted advertising according to the VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA Platform services and hosting These services have the purpose of hosting and running key components of Nixplay, therefore allowing the provision of Nixplay from within a unified platform. Such platforms provide a wide range of tools to the Owner – e.g. analytics, user registration, commenting, database management, e-commerce, payment processing – that imply the collection and handling of Personal Data. Some of these services work through geographically distributed servers, making it difficult to determine the actual location where the Personal Data are stored. Shopify (Shopify Inc.) Shopify is a platform provided by Shopify Inc. that allows the Owner to build, run and host an e-commerce website. Personal Data processed: billing address; email address; first name; last name; payment info; phone number; shipping address. Place of processing: Canada – Privacy Policy . Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers; commercial information. Registration and authentication By registering or authenticating, Users allow Nixplay to identify them and give them access to dedicated services. Depending on what is described below, third parties may provide registration and authentication services. In this case, Nixplay will be able to access some Data, stored by these third-party services, for registration or identification purposes. Some of the services listed below may also collect Personal Data for targeting and profiling purposes; to find out more, please refer to the description of each service. Dropbox Oauth (Dropbox, Inc.) Dropbox Oauth is a registration and authentication service provided by Dropbox, Inc. and is connected to the Dropbox service. Personal Data processed: Trackers; various types of Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers; internet information. This processing constitutes: a sale according to the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA Instagram Authentication (Meta Platforms, Inc.) Instagram Authentication is a registration and authentication service provided by Meta Platforms, Inc. and is connected to the Instagram social network. Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers. This processing constitutes: a sale according to the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA Facebook Oauth (Meta Platforms, Inc.) Facebook Oauth is a registration and authentication service provided by Meta Platforms, Inc. and is connected to the Facebook social network. Personal Data processed: Trackers; various types of Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy .Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers; internet information. This processing constitutes: a sale according to the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA Google OAuth (Google LLC) Google OAuth is a registration and authentication service provided by Google LLC and is connected to the Google network. Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers. This processing constitutes: a sale according to the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA Registration and authentication provided directly by Nixplay By registering or authenticating, Users allow Nixplay to identify them and give them access to dedicated services. The Personal Data is collected and stored for registration or identification purposes only. The Data collected are only those necessary for the provision of the service requested by the Users. Direct registration (Nixplay) The User registers by filling out the registration form and providing the Personal Data directly to Nixplay. Personal Data processed: country; email address; first name; last name; password; username. Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers. This processing constitutes: a sale according to the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA Remarketing and behavioral targeting This type of service allows Nixplay and its partners to inform, optimize and serve advertising based on past use of Nixplay by the User. This activity is facilitated by tracking Usage Data and by using Trackers to collect information which is then transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity. Some services offer a remarketing option based on email address lists. Services of this kind usually offer the possibility to opt out of such tracking. In addition to any opt-out feature offered by any of the services below, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section "How to opt-out of interest-based advertising" in this document. TikTok Remarketing ( TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited ) TikTok Remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited that connects the activity of Nixplay with the TikTok advertising network. Personal Data processed: device information; Trackers; unique device identifiers for advertising (Google Advertiser ID or IDFA, for example); Usage Data. Place of processing: United Kingdom – Privacy Policy . Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers; internet information. This processing constitutes: a sale according to the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA a sharing according to the CCPA targeted advertising according to the VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA Tag Management This type of service helps the Owner to manage the tags or scripts needed on Nixplay in a centralized fashion. This results in the Users' Data flowing through these services, potentially resulting in the retention of this Data. Google Tag Manager (Google LLC) Google Tag Manager is a tag management service provided by Google LLC. Personal Data processed: Trackers; Usage Data. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy . Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: internet information. User database management This type of service allows the Owner to build user profiles by starting from an email address, a personal name, or other information that the User provides to Nixplay, as well as to track User activities through analytics features. This Personal Data may also be matched with publicly available information about the User (such as social networks' profiles) and used to build private profiles that the Owner can display and use for improving Nixplay. Some of these services may also enable the sending of timed messages to the User, such as emails based on specific actions performed on Nixplay. Braze (Braze, Inc.) Braze is a User database management service provided by Braze, Inc. Personal Data processed: various types of Data as specified in the privacy policy of the service. Place of processing: United States – Privacy Policy .Category of personal information collected according to the CCPA: identifiers. This processing constitutes: a sale according to the CCPA, VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA targeted advertising according to the VCDPA, CPA, CTDPA and UCPA Information on opting out of interest-based advertising In addition to any opt-out feature provided by any of the services listed in this document, Users may learn more on how to generally opt out of interest-based advertising within the dedicated section of the Cookie Policy. Further information about the processing of Personal Data Equal protection of User Data Nixplay shares User Data only with third parties carefully selected to ensure that they provide the same or equal protection of User Data as stated in this privacy policy and requested by applicable data protection laws. Further information on data processing and privacy practices by third parties can be found in their respective privacy policies. localStorage localStorage allows Nixplay to store and access data right in the User's browser with no expiration date. Push notifications Nixplay may send push notifications to the User to achieve the purposes outlined in this privacy policy. Users may in most cases opt-out of receiving push notifications by visiting their device settings, such as the notification settings for mobile phones, and then change those settings for Nixplay, some or all of the apps on the particular device. Users must be aware that disabling push notifications may negatively affect the utility of Nixplay. Push notifications based on the User's geographic location Nixplay may use the User's geographic location to send push notifications for the purposes outlined in this privacy policy. Users may in most cases opt-out of receiving push notifications by visiting their device settings, such as the notification settings for mobile phones, and then changing those settings for some or all of the apps on the particular device. Users must be aware that disabling push notifications may negatively affect the utility of Nixplay. Push notifications for direct marketing Nixplay may send push notifications to the User for the purpose of direct marketing (to propose services and products provided by third parties or unrelated to the product or service provided by Nixplay). Users may in most cases opt-out of receiving push notifications by visiting their device settings, such as the notification settings for mobile phones, and then changing those settings for Nixplay or all of the apps on the particular device. Users must be aware that disabling push notifications may negatively affect the utility of Nixplay. Besides applicable device settings, the User may also make use of the rights described under User rights in the relevant section of this privacy policy. Selling goods and services online The Personal Data collected are used to provide the User with services or to sell goods, including payment and possible delivery. The Personal Data collected to complete the payment may include the credit card, the bank account used for the transfer, or any other means of payment envisaged. The kind of Data collected by Nixplay depends on the payment system used. sessionStorage sessionStorage allows Nixplay to store and access data right in the User's browser. Data in sessionStorage is deleted automatically when the session ends (in other words, when the browser tab is closed). The Service is intended for adults Users declare themselves to be adult according to their applicable legislation. Minors may not use Nixplay. Unique device identification Nixplay may track Users by storing a unique identifier of their device, for analytics purposes or for storing Users' preferences. The rights of Users Users may exercise certain rights regarding their Data processed by the Owner. In particular, Users have the right to do the following, to the extent permitted by law: Withdraw their consent at any time. Users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their Personal Data. Object to processing of their Data. Users have the right to object to the processing of their Data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. Further details are provided in the dedicated section below. Access their Data. Users have the right to learn if Data is being processed by the Owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the Data undergoing processing. Verify and seek rectification.Users have the right to verify the accuracy of their Data and ask for it to be updated or corrected. Restrict the processing of their Data. Users have the right to restrict the processing of their Data. In this case, the Owner will not process their Data for any purpose other than storing it. Have their Personal Data deleted or otherwise removed. Users have the right to obtain the erasure of their Data from the Owner. Receive their Data and have it transferred to another controller. Users have the right to receive their Data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. Lodge a complaint. Users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority. Details about the right to object to processing Where Personal Data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the Owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the Owner, Users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection. Users must know that, however, should their Personal Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time, free of charge and without providing any justification. Where the User objects to processing for direct marketing purposes, the Personal Data will no longer be processed for such purposes. To learn whether the Owner is processing Personal Data for direct marketing purposes, Users may refer to the relevant sections of this document. How to exercise these rights Any requests to exercise User rights can be directed to the Owner through the contact details provided in this document. These requests can be exercised free of charge and will be answered by the Owner as early as possible and always within one month, providing Users with the information required by law. Any rectification or erasure of Personal Data or restriction of processing will be communicated by the Owner to each recipient, if any, to whom the Personal Data has been disclosed unless this proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. At the Users’ request, the Owner will inform them about those recipients. Cookie Policy Nixplay uses Trackers. To learn more, the User may consult the Cookie Policy . Additional information about Data collection and processing Legal action The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Owner in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of Nixplay or the related Services.The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities. Additional information about User's Personal Data In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, Nixplay may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular Services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request. System logs and maintenance For operation and maintenance purposes, Nixplay and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with Nixplay (System logs) or use other Personal Data (such as the IP Address) for this purpose. Information not contained in this policy More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Owner at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document. How “Do Not Track” requests are handled Nixplay does not support “Do Not Track” requests.To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies. Changes to this privacy policy The Owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by notifying its Users on this page and possibly within Nixplay and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to Users via any contact information available to the Owner. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. Should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the User’s consent, the Owner shall collect new consent from the User, where required. Information for California consumers This section of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and is provided by the business running Nixplay and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of this section referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”).This section applies to all Users (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), who are consumers residing in the state of California, United States of America, according to the " California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 " (the "CCPA"), as updated by the "California Privacy Rights Act" (the "CPRA") and subsequent regulations. For such consumers, this section supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting information contained in the privacy policy. This part of the document uses the terms “personal information” (and “sensitive personal information”) as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). Notice at collection Categories of personal information collected, used, sold, or shared In this section we summarize the categories of personal information that we've collected, used, sold, or shared and the purposes thereof. You can read about these activities in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document. Information we collect: the categories of personal information we collect We have collected the following categories of personal information about you: identifiers, commercial information, internet information, geolocation data and sensorial information. We have collected the following categories of sensitive personal information: username, password, payment info, username, Precise location permission (non-continuous), username and password We will not collect additional categories of personal information without notifying you. You have the right to request that we limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information to only that which is necessary to perform the services or provide the goods, as is reasonably expected by an average consumer. We can also use your sensitive personal information to perform specific purposes set forth by the law (such as, including but not limited to, helping to ensure security and integrity; undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of our service) and as authorized by the relevant regulations. Outside of the aforementioned specific purposes, you have the right to freely request, at any time, that we do not use or disclose your sensitive personal information. This means that whenever you ask us to stop using your sensitive personal information, we will abide by your request and we will instruct our service providers and contractors to do the same. To fully exercise your right to limit the use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information you can contact us at any time, using the contact details provided in this document. For a simplified method you can also use the privacy choices link provided on Nixplay. We use any personal information collected from you in connection with the submission of your request solely for the purposes of complying with the request. Once you have exercised this right, we are required to wait at least 12 months before asking whether you have changed your mind. What are the purposes for which we use your personal information? We may use your personal information to allow the operational functioning of Nixplay and features thereof (“business purposes”). In such cases, your personal information will be processed in a fashion necessary and proportionate to the business purpose for which it was collected, and strictly within the limits of compatible operational purposes. We may also use your personal information for other reasons such as for commercial purposes (as indicated within the section “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document), as well as for complying with the law and defending our rights before the competent authorities where our rights and interests are threatened or we suffer an actual damage. We won’t process your information for unexpected purposes, or for purposes incompatible with the purposes originally disclosed, without your consent. How long do we keep your personal information? Unless stated otherwise inside the “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” section, we will not retain your personal information for longer than is reasonably necessary for the purpose(s) they have been collected for. How we collect information: what are the sources of the personal information we collect? We collect the above-mentioned categories of personal information, either directly or indirectly, from you when you use Nixplay. For example, you directly provide your personal information when you submit requests via any forms on Nixplay. You also provide personal information indirectly when you navigate Nixplay, as personal information about you is automatically observed and collected. Finally, we may collect your personal information from third parties that work with us in connection with the Service or with the functioning of this Application and features thereof.How we use the information we collect: disclosing of your personal information with third parties for a business purpose For our purposes, the word “third party” means a person who is not any of the following: a service provider or a contractor, as defined by the CCPA. We disclose your personal information with the third parties listed in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document. These third parties are grouped and categorized in accordance with the different purposes of processing. Sale or sharing of your personal information For our purposes, the word “sale” means any “selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic means, a consumer's personal information by the business to a third party, for monetary or other valuable consideration ”, as defined by the CCPA. This means that, for example, a sale can happen whenever an application runs ads, or makes statistical analyses on the traffic or views, or simply because it uses tools such as social network plugins and the like. For our purposes, the word “sharing” means any “sharing, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer's personal information by the business to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, whether or not for monetary or other valuable consideration, including transactions between a business and a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising for the benefit of a business in which no money is exchanged”, as defined by the CCPA. Please note that the exchange of personal information with a service provider pursuant to a written contract that meets the requirements set by the CCPA, does not constitute a sale or sharing of your personal information. We sell or share your personal information with the third parties listed in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document. These third parties are grouped and categorized in accordance with the different purposes of processing.You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information. This means that whenever you request us to stop selling or sharing your personal information, we will abide by your request.Such requests can be made freely, at any time, without submitting any verifiable request.To fully exercise your right to opt out, you can contact us at any time using the contact details provided in this document.For a simplified opt-out method you can also use the privacy choices link provided on Nixplay. If you want to submit requests to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information via a user-enabled global privacy control, like the Global Privacy Control (“ GPC ”), you are free to do so and we will abide by such request in a frictionless manner (as defined in the CPRA regulations). The GPC consists of a setting or extension in the browser or mobile device and acts as a mechanism that websites can use to indicate they support the GPC signal. If you want to use GPC, you can download and enable it via a participating browser or browser extension. More information about downloading GPC is available here . We use any personal information collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for the purposes of complying with the opt-out request. Once you have opted out, we are required to wait at least 12 months before asking whether you have changed your mind. Your privacy rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act and how to exercise them The right to access personal information: the right to know and to portability You have the right to request that we disclose to you: the categories of personal information that we collect about you;the sources from which the personal information is collected;the purposes for which we use your information;to whom we disclose such information;the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you. You also have the right to know what personal information is sold or shared and to whom. In particular, you have the right to request two separate lists from us where we disclose: the categories of personal information that we sold or shared about you and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or shared; the categories of personal information that we disclosed about you for a business purpose and the categories of persons to whom it was disclosed for a business purpose. The disclosure described above will be limited to the personal information collected or used over the past 12 months. If we deliver our response electronically, the information enclosed will be "portable", i.e.delivered in an easily usable format to enable you to transmit the information to another entity without hindrance — provided that this is technically feasible. The right to request the deletion of your personal information You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information, subject to exceptions set forth by the law (such as, including but not limited to, where the information is used to identify and repair errors on Nixplay, to detect security incidents and protect against fraudulent or illegal activities, to exercise certain rights etc.). If no legal exception applies, as a result of exercising your right, we will delete your personal information and notify any of our service providers and all third parties to whom we have sold or shared the personal information to do so — provided that this is technically feasible and doesn’t involve disproportionate effort. The right to correct inaccurate personal information You have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate personal information we maintain about you, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing of the personal information. The right to opt out of sale or sharing of personal information and to limit the use of your sensitive personal information You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information. You also have the right to request that we limit our use or disclosure of your sensitive personal information. The right of no retaliation following opt-out or exercise of other rights (the right to non-discrimination) We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the CCPA. This means that we will not discriminate against you, including, but not limited to, by denying goods or services, charging you a different price, or providing a different level or quality of goods or services just because you exercised your consumer privacy rights. However, if you refuse to provide your personal information to us or ask us to delete or stop selling your personal information, and that personal information or sale is necessary for us to provide you with goods or services, we may not be able to complete that transaction. To the extent permitted by the law, we may offer you promotions, discounts, and other deals in exchange for collecting, keeping, or selling your personal information, provided that the financial incentive offered is reasonably related to the value of your personal information. How to exercise your rights To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your verifiable request to us by contacting us via the details provided in this document. For us to respond to your request, it’s necessary that we know who you are. Therefore, you can only exercise the above rights by making a verifiable request which must: provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative;describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. We will not respond to any request if we are unable to verify your identity and therefore confirm the personal information in our possession actually relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will use any personal information collected from you in connection with the verification of your request solely for the purposes of verification and shall not further disclose the personal information, retain it longer than necessary for purposes of verification, or use it for unrelated purposes. If you cannot personally submit a verifiable request, you can authorize a person registered with the California Secretary of State to act on your behalf. If you are an adult, you can make a verifiable request on behalf of a child under your parental authority. You can submit a maximum number of 2 requests over a period of 12 months. How and when we are expected to handle your request We will confirm receipt of your verifiable request within 10 days and provide information about how we will process your request. We will respond to your request within 45 days of its receipt. Should we need more time, we will explain to you the reasons why, and how much more time we need. In this regard, please note that we may take up to 90 days to fulfill your request. Our disclosure(s) will cover the preceding 12-month period. Only with regard to personal information collected on or after January 1, 2022, you have the right to request that we disclose information beyond the 12-month period, and we will provide them to you unless doing so proves impossible or would involve a disproportionate effort. Should we deny your request, we will explain you the reasons behind our denial.We do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable request unless such request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. In such cases, we may charge a reasonable fee, or refuse to act on the request. In either case, we will communicate our choices and explain the reasons behind it. Additional information about California privacy We do not collect personal information about California consumers below the age of 16 We do not knowingly collect personal information of consumers who are below the age of 16 nor do we sell or share it. Information for Virginia consumers This section of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and is provided by the controller running this Application and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of this section referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”). This section applies to all Users (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), who are consumers residing in the Commonwealth of Virginia, according to the “Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act" (the "VCDPA"), and, for such consumers, it supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting information contained in the privacy policy. This part of the document uses the terms “personal data” (and “sensitive data”) as defined in the VCDPA. Categories of personal data processed In this section, we summarize the categories of personal data that we've processed and the purposes thereof. You can read about these activities in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Persona Data” within this document . Categories of personal data we collect We have collected the following categories of personal data: identifiers, commercial information, internet information, geolocation data and sensorial information With your consent, we collect the following categories of sensitive data: Precise location permission (non-continuous) You can freely give, deny or withdraw your consent for the processing of sensitive data at any time using the contact details provided in this document or via the privacy choices link provided on Nixplay. Please note that certain exceptions set forth in the VCDPA may apply, such as, but not limited to, when the collection and processing of sensitive data is necessary for the provision of a product or service specifically requested by you. We will not collect additional categories of personal data without notifying you. Why we process your personal data To find out why we process your personal data, you can read the sections titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” and “The purposes of processing” within this document. We won’t process your information for unexpected purposes, or for purposes incompatible with the purposes originally disclosed, without your consent. You can freely give, deny, or withdraw such consent at any time using the contact details provided in this document. How we use the data we collect: sharing of your personal data with third parties We share your personal data with the third parties listed in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document . These third parties are grouped and categorized in accordance with the different purposes of processing. For our purposes, the word "third party" means "a natural or legal person, public authority, agency, or body other than the consumer, controller, processor, or an affiliate of the processor or the controller" as defined by the VCDPA. Sale of your personal data For our purposes, the word “sale” means any “exchange of personal data for monetary consideration by us to a third party“ as defined by the VCDPA. Please note that according to the VCDPA, the disclosure of personal data to a processor that processes personal data on behalf of a controller does not constitute a sale. In addition, other specific exceptions set forth in the VCDPA may apply, such as, but not limited to, the disclosure of personal data to a third party for the provision of a product or service requested by you. As specified in the “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” section of this document, our use of your personal information may be considered a sale under VCDPA. Your right to opt out of the sale of your personal data and how you can exercise it You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal data. This means that whenever you request us to stop selling your data, we will abide by your request. To fully exercise your right to opt out you can contact us at any time using the contact details provided in this document. We use any personal data collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for the purpose of complying with the request.Processing of your personal data for targeted advertising For our purposes, the word "targeted advertising" means "displaying advertisements to you where the advertisement is selected based on personal data obtained from your activities over time and across nonaffiliated websites or online applications to predict your preferences or interests" as defined by the VCDPA. Please note that according to the VCDPA, targeted advertising does not include: “advertisements based on activities within a controller's own websites or online applications; advertisements based on the context of a consumer's current search query, visit to a website or online application; advertisements directed to a consumer in response to the consumer's request for information or feedback; or processing personal data solely for measuring or reporting advertising performance, reach, or frequency”. To find out more details on the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising purposes, you can read the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document. Your right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising and how you can exercise it You have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising. This means that whenever you ask us to stop processing your data for targeted advertising, we will abide by your request. To fully exercise your right to opt out you can contact us at any time, using the contact details provided in this document. We use any personal data collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for the purposes of complying with the opt-out request. Your privacy rights under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act and how to exercise them You may exercise certain rights regarding your data processed by us. In particular, you have the right to do the following: access personal data: the right to know. You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data. You also have the right to access such personal data. correct inaccurate personal data. You have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate personal data we maintain about you, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the personal data. request the deletion of your personal data. You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal data. obtain a copy of your personal data. We will provide your personal data in a portable and usable format that allows you to transfer data easily to another entity — provided that this is technically feasible. opt out of the processing of your personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising , the sale of personal data , or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. non-discrimination. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights under the VCDPA. This means that we will not, among other things, deny goods or services, charge you a different price, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services just because you exercised your consumer privacy rights. However, if you refuse to provide your personal data to us or ask us to delete or stop selling your personal data, and that personal data or sale is necessary for us to provide you with goods or services, we may not be able to complete that transaction. To the extent permitted by the law, we may offer a different price, rate, level, quality, or selection of goods or services to you, including offering goods or services for no fee, if you have exercised your right to opt out, or our offer is related to your voluntary participation in a bona fide loyalty, rewards, premium features, discounts, or club card program. How to exercise your rights To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your request to us by contacting us via the contact details provided in this document. For us to respond to your request, we need to know who you are. We will not respond to any request if we are unable to verify your identity using commercially reasonable efforts and therefore confirm that the personal data in our possession actually relate to you. In such cases, we may request that you provide additional information which is reasonably necessary to authenticate you and your request. Making a consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. However, we may require you to use your existing account. We will use any personal data collected from you in connection with your request solely for the purposes of authentication, without further disclosing the personal data, retaining it longer than necessary for purposes of authentication, or using it for unrelated purposes. If you are an adult, you can make a request on behalf of a child under your parental authority.How and when we are expected to handle your request We will respond to your request without undue delay, but in all cases and at the latest within 45 days of its receipt. Should we need more time, we will explain to you the reasons why, and how much more time we need. In this regard, please note that we may take up to 90 days to fulfill your request. Should we deny your request, we will explain to you the reasons behind our denial without undue delay, but in all cases and at the latest within 45 days of receipt of the request. It is your right to appeal such decision by submitting a request to us via the details provided in this document. Within 60 days of receipt of the appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied you may contact the Attorney General to submit a complaint . We do not charge a fee to respond to your request, for up to two requests per year. If your request is manifestly unfounded, excessive or repetitive, we may charge a reasonable fee or refuse to act on the request. In either case, we will communicate our choices and explain the reasons behind them. Additional information about Virginia privacy We do not collect personal data about Virginia consumers below the age of 13 We do not knowingly collect personal data of Virginia consumers who are below the age of 13 nor do we sell their data or process them for targeted advertising purposes. Information for Colorado consumers This section of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and is provided by the controller running Nixplay and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of this section referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”). This section applies to all Users (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), who are consumers residing in the State of Colorado, according to the “Colorado Privacy Act" (the "CPA"), and, for such consumers, it supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting information contained in the privacy policy. This part of the document uses the term “personal data” as defined in the CPA. Categories of personal data processed In this section, we summarize the categories of personal data that we've processed and the purposes thereof. You can read about these activities in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Persona Data” within this document . Categories of personal data we collect We have collected the following categories of personal data: identifiers, commercial information, internet information, geolocation data and sensorial information We do not collect sensitive data. We will not collect additional categories of personal data without notifying you. Why we process your personal data To find out why we process your personal data, you can read the sections titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” and “The purposes of processing” within this document. We won’t process your information for unexpected purposes, or for purposes incompatible with the purposes originally disclosed, without your consent. You can freely give, deny, or withdraw such consent at any time using the contact details provided in this document. How we use the data we collect: sharing of your personal data with third parties We share your personal data with the third parties listed in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document . These third parties are grouped and categorized in accordance with the different purposes of processing. For our purposes, the word "third party" means "a person, public authority, agency, or body other than a consumer, controller, processor, or affiliate of the processor or the controller." as defined by the CPA. Sale of your personal data As specified in the “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” section of this document, our use of your personal data may be considered a sale under the CPA. For our purposes, the word "sale", "sell", or "sold" means "the exchange of personal data for monetary or other valuable consideration by a controller to a third party" as defined by the CPA. Please note that according to the CPA, the disclosure of personal data to a processor that processes personal data on behalf of a controller does not constitute a sale. In addition, other specific exceptions set forth in the CPA may apply, such as, but not limited to, the disclosure of personal data to a third party for the provision of a product or service requested by you. Your right to opt out of the sale of your personal data and how you can exercise it You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal data.This means that whenever you request us to stop selling your data, we will abide by your request. To fully exercise your right to opt out you can contact us at any time, using the contact details provided in this document. For a simplified opt-out method you can also use the privacy choices link provided on Nixplay. We use any personal data collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for the purpose of complying with the request. Processing of your personal data for targeted advertising As specified in the “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” section of this document, we may use your personal data for targeted advertising purposes. For our purposes, the word "targeted advertising" means "displaying to a consumer an advertisement that is selected based on personal data obtained or inferred over time from the consumer's activities across nonaffiliated websites, applications, or online services to predict consumer preferences or interests" as defined by CPA. Please note that according to the CPA, targeted advertising does not include: “advertisements directed to a consumer in response to the consumer's request for information or feedback; advertisements based on activities within a controller's own websites or online applications or any affiliated website or online application; advertisements based on the context of a consumer's current search query, visit to an internet web site or online application; or processing personal data solely to measure or report advertising frequency, performance or reach”. Your right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising and how you can exercise it You have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising. This means that whenever you ask us to stop processing your data for targeted advertising, we will abide by your request. To fully exercise your right to opt out you can contact us at any time, using the contact details provided in this document. For a simplified opt-out method you can also use the privacy choices link provided on Nixplay. We use any personal data collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for the purposes of complying with the opt-out request. Universal opt-out mechanism: Global privacy control If you want to submit requests to opt-out of the sale of personal data or the targeted advertising via a user-enabled global privacy control, like the Global Privacy Control (“ GPC ”), you are free to do so and we will abide by such request. The GPC consists of a setting or extension in the browser or mobile device and acts as a mechanism that websites can use to indicate they support the GPC signal. If you want to use GPC, you can download and enable it via a participating browser or browser extension. More information about downloading GPC is available here . Your privacy rights under the Colorado Privacy Act and how to exercise them You may exercise certain rights regarding your data processed by us. In particular, you have the right to do the following: opt out of the processing of your personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you.access personal data. You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data. You also have the right to access such personal data.correct inaccurate personal data. You have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate personal data we maintain about you, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the personal data. request the deletion of your personal data. You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal data.obtain a copy of your personal data. We will provide your personal data in a portable and usable format that allows you to transfer data easily to another entity – provided that this is technically feasible. In any case, we will not increase the cost of, or decrease the availability of, a product or service, based solely on the exercise of any of your rights and unrelated to the feasibility or the value of a service. However, to the extent permitted by the law, we may offer a different price, rate, level, quality, or selection of goods or services to you, including offering goods or services for no fee, if our offer is related to your voluntary participation in a bona fide loyalty, rewards, premium features, discounts, or club card program. How to exercise your rights To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your request to us by contacting us via the contact details provided in this document. For us to respond to your request, we need to know who you are and which right you wish to exercise.We will not respond to any request if we are unable to verify your identity using commercially reasonable efforts and therefore confirm that the personal data in our possession actually relate to you. In such cases, we may request that you provide additional information which is reasonably necessary to authenticate you and your request. Making a consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. However, we may require you to use your existing account. We will use any personal data collected from you in connection with your request solely for the purposes of authentication, without further disclosing the personal data, retaining it longer than necessary for purposes of authentication, or using it for unrelated purposes. If you are an adult, you can make a request on behalf of a child under your parental authority. How and when we are expected to handle your request We will respond to your request without undue delay, but in all cases and at the latest within 45 days of its receipt. Should we need more time, we will explain to you the reasons why, and how much more time we need. In this regard, please note that we may take up to 90 days to fulfill your request. Should we deny your request, we will explain to you the reasons behind our denial without undue delay, but in all cases and at the latest within 45 days of receipt of the request. It is your right to appeal such decision by submitting a request to us via the details provided in this document. Within 45 days of receipt of the appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied you may contact the Attorney General to submit a complaint. We do not charge a fee to respond to your request, for up to two requests per year. Additional information about Colorado privacy We do not collect personal data about Colorado consumers below the age of 13 We do not knowingly collect personal data of Colorado consumers who are below the age of 13 nor do we sell or process their data for targeted advertising purposes. Information for Connecticut consumers This section of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and is provided by the controller running Nixplay and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of this section referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”). This section applies o all Users (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), who are consumers residing in the State of Connecticut, according to “An Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring " (also known as "The Connecticut Data Privacy Act" or the “CTDPA"), and, for such consumers, it supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting information contained in the privacy policy. This part of the document uses the terms “personal data” (and “sensitive data”) as defined in the CTDPA. Categories of personal data processed In this section, we summarize the categories of personal data that we've processed and the purposes thereof. You can read about these activities in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Persona Data” within this document . Categories of personal data we collect We have collected the following categories of personal data: identifiers, commercial information, internet information, geolocation data and sensorial information With your consent, we collect the following categories of sensitive data: Precise location permission (non-continuous) You can freely give, deny or withdraw your consent for the processing of sensitive data at any time using the contact details provided in this document or via the privacy choices link provided on Nixplay. In the event of withdrawal, we will stop processing the relevant data as soon as possible, but no later than 15 days after receiving your withdrawal request. Please note that certain exceptions set forth in the CTDPA may apply, such as, but not limited to, when the collection and processing of sensitive data is necessary for the provision of a product or service specifically requested by you. We will not collect additional categories of personal data without notifying you. Why we process your personal data To find out why we process your personal data, you can read the sections titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” and “The purposes of processing” within this document. We won’t process your information for unexpected purposes, or for purposes incompatible with the purposes originally disclosed, without your consent. You can freely give, deny, or withdraw such consent at any time using the contact details provided in this document.How we use the data we collect: sharing of your personal data with third parties We share your personal data with the third parties listed in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document . These third parties are grouped and categorized in accordance with the different purposes of processing. For our purposes, the word "third party" means "a person, public authority, agency, or body other than a consumer, controller, processor, or affiliate of the processor or the controller." as defined by the CTDPA. Sale of your personal data As specified in the “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” section of this document, our use of your personal data may be considered a sale under the CTDPA. For our purposes, the word "sale", "sell", or "sold" means "the exchange of personal data for monetary or other valuable consideration by a controller to a third party" as defined by the CTDPA. Please note that according to the CTDPA, the disclosure of personal data to a processor that processes personal data on behalf of a controller does not constitute a sale. In addition, other specific exceptions set forth in the CTDPA may apply, such as, but not limited to, the disclosure of personal data to a third party for the provision of a product or service requested by you. Your right to opt out of the sale of your personal data and how you can exercise it You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal data. This means that whenever you request us to stop selling your data, we will abide by your request. To fully exercise your right to opt out you can contact us at any time, using the contact details provided in this document. For a simplified opt-out method you can also use the privacy choices link provided on Nixplay. We use any personal data collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for the purpose of complying with the request. Processing of your personal data for targeted advertising As specified in the “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” section of this document, we may use your personal data for targeted advertising purposes. For our purposes, the word "targeted advertising" means "displaying to a consumer an advertisement that is selected based on personal data obtained or inferred over time from the consumer's activities across non affiliated websites, applications, or online services to predict consumer preferences or interests" as defined by CTDPA. Please note that according to the CTDPA, targeted advertising does not include: “advertisements based on activities within a controller's own web sites or online applications; advertisements based on the context of a consumer's current search query, visit to an internet web site or online application; advertisements directed to a consumer in response to the consumer's request for information or feedback; or processing personal data solely to measure or report advertising frequency, performance or reach”. Your right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising and how you can exercise it You have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising. This means that whenever you ask us to stop processing your data for targeted advertising, we will abide by your request. To fully exercise your right to opt out you can contact us at any time, using the contact details provided in this document. For a simplified opt-out method you can also use the privacy choices link provided on Nixplay. We use any personal data collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for the purposes of complying with the opt-out request. Universal opt-out mechanism: Global privacy control If you want to submit requests to opt-out of the sale of personal data or the targeted advertising via a user-enabled global privacy control, like the Global Privacy Control (“ GPC ”), you are free to do so and we will abide by such request. The GPC consists of a setting or extension in the browser or mobile device and acts as a mechanism that websites can use to indicate they support the GPC signal. If you want to use GPC, you can download and enable it via a participating browser or browser extension. More information about downloading GPC is available here . Your privacy rights under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act and how to exercise them You may exercise certain rights regarding your data processed by us. In particular, you have the right to do the following: access personal data. You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data. You also have the right to access such personal data.correct inaccurate personal data.You have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate personal data we maintain about you, taking into account the nature of the personal data and the purposes of the processing of the personal data.request the deletion of your personal data. You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal data. obtain a copy of your personal data. We will provide your personal data in a portable and usable format that allows you to transfer data easily to another entity – provided that this is technically feasible.opt out of the processing of your personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. In any case, we will not increase the cost of, or decrease the availability of, a product or service, based solely on the exercise of any of your rights and unrelated to the feasibility or the value of a service. However, to the extent permitted by the law, we may offer a different price, rate, level, quality, or selection of goods or services to you, including offering goods or services for no fee, if our offer is related to your voluntary participation in a bona fide loyalty, rewards, premium features, discounts, or club card program. How to exercise your rights To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your request to us by contacting us via the contact details provided in this document. For us to respond to your request, we need to know who you are and which right you wish to exercise. We will not respond to any request if we are unable to verify your identity using commercially reasonable efforts and therefore confirm that the personal data in our possession actually relate to you. In such cases, we may request that you provide additional information which is reasonably necessary to authenticate you and your request. Making a consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. However, we may require you to use your existing account. We will use any personal data collected from you in connection with your request solely for the purposes of authentication, without further disclosing the personal data, retaining it longer than necessary for purposes of authentication, or using it for unrelated purposes. If you are an adult, you can make a request on behalf of a child under your parental authority. How and when we are expected to handle your request We will respond to your request without undue delay, but in all cases and at the latest within 45 days of its receipt. Should we need more time, we will explain to you the reasons why, and how much more time we need. In this regard, please note that we may take up to 90 days to fulfill your request. Should we deny your request, we will explain to you the reasons behind our denial without undue delay, but in all cases and at the latest within 45 days of receipt of the request. It is your right to appeal such decision by submitting a request to us via the details provided in this document. Within 45 days of receipt of the appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied, you may contact the Attorney General to submit a complaint . We do not charge a fee to respond to your request, for up to one request per year. Additional information about Connecticut privacy We do not collect personal data about Connecticut consumers below the age of 13 We do not knowingly collect personal data of Connecticut consumers who are below the age of 13 nor do we sell or process their data for targeted advertising purposes. Information for Utah consumers This section of the document integrates with and supplements the information contained in the rest of the privacy policy and is provided by the controller running Nixplay and, if the case may be, its parent, subsidiaries and affiliates (for the purposes of this section referred to collectively as “we”, “us”, “our”). This section applies to all Users (Users are referred to below, simply as “you”, “your”, “yours”), who are consumers residing in the State of Utah, according to the “Consumer Privacy Act" (the “UCPA"), and, for such consumers, it supersedes any other possibly divergent or conflicting information contained in the privacy policy. This part of the document uses the terms “personal data” (and “sensitive data”) as defined in the UCPA. Categories of personal data processed In this section, we summarize the categories of personal data that we've processed and the purposes thereof. You can read about these activities in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Persona Data” within this document .Categories of personal data we collect We have collected the following categories of personal data: identifiers, commercial information, internet information, geolocation data and sensorial information With your consent, we collect the following categories of sensitive data: Precise location permission (non-continuous) You can freely give, deny or withdraw your consent for the processing of sensitive data at any time using the contact details provided in this document or via the privacy choices link provided on Nixplay. Please note that certain exceptions set forth in the UCPA may apply, such as, but not limited to, when the collection and processing of sensitive data is necessary for the provision of a product or service specifically requested by you. We will not collect additional categories of personal data without notifying you. Why we process your personal data To find out why we process your personal data, you can read the sections titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” and “The purposes of processing” within this document. How we use the data we collect: sharing of your personal data with third parties We share your personal data with the third parties listed in detail in the section titled “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” within this document . These third parties are grouped and categorized in accordance with the different purposes of processing. For our purposes, the word "third party" means "a person other than: the consumer, controller, or processor; or an affiliate or contractor of the controller or the processor" as defined by the UCPA. Sale of your personal data As specified in the “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” section of this document, our use of your personal data may be considered a sale under the UCPA. For our purposes, the word "sale", "sell", or "sold" means "the exchange of personal data for monetary or other valuable consideration by a controller to a third party" as defined by the UCPA. Please note that according to the UCPA, the disclosure of personal data to a processor that processes personal data on behalf of a controller does not constitute a sale. In addition, other specific exceptions set forth in the UCPA may apply, such as, but not limited to, the disclosure of personal data to a third party for the provision of a product or service requested by you. Your right to opt out of the sale of your personal data and how you can exercise it You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal data. This means that whenever you request us to stop selling your data, we will abide by your request. To fully exercise your right to opt out you can contact us at any time, using the contact details provided in this document. For a simplified opt-out method you can also use the privacy choices link provided on Nixplay. We use any personal data collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for the purpose of complying with the request. Processing of your personal data for targeted advertising As specified in the “Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data” section of this document, we may use your personal data for targeted advertising purposes. For our purposes, the word "targeted advertising" means "displaying to a consumer an advertisement that is selected based on personal data obtained or inferred over time from the consumer's activities across nonaffiliated websites, applications, or online services to predict consumer preferences or interests" as defined by UCPA. Please note that according to the UCPA, targeted advertising does not include: “advertisements based on activities within a controller's own websites or online applications or any affiliated website or online application; advertisements based on the context of a consumer's current search query, visit to an web site or online application; advertisements directed to a consumer in response to the consumer's request for information, product, a service or feedback; or processing personal data solely to measure or report advertising performance, reach or frequency.” Your right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising and how you can exercise it You have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising. This means that whenever you ask us to stop processing your data for targeted advertising, we will abide by your request. To fully exercise your right to opt out you can contact us at any time, using the contact details provided in this document. For a simplified opt-out method you can also use the privacy choices link provided on Nixplay. We use any personal data collected from you in connection with the submission of your opt-out request solely for the purposes of complying with the opt-out request.Your privacy rights under the Utah Consumer Privacy Act and how to exercise them You may exercise certain rights regarding your data processed by us. In particular, you have the right to do the following: access personal data. You have the right to request that we confirm whether or not we are processing your personal data. You also have the right to access such personal data.request the deletion of your personal data. You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal data.obtain a copy of your personal data. We will provide your personal data in a portable and usable format that allows you to transfer data easily to another entity – provided that this is technically feasible. opt out of the processing of your personal data for the purposes of targeted advertising or the sale of personal data. In any case, we will not increase the cost of, or decrease the availability of, a product or service, based solely on the exercise of any of your rights and unrelated to the feasibility or the value of a service. However, to the extent permitted by the law, we may offer a different price, rate, level, quality, or selection of goods or services to you, including offering goods or services for no fee, if our offer is related to your voluntary participation in a bona fide loyalty, rewards, premium features, discounts, or club card program. How to exercise your rights To exercise the rights described above, you need to submit your request to us by contacting us via the contact details provided in this document. For us to respond to your request, we need to know who you are and which right you wish to exercise. We will not respond to any request if we are unable to verify your identity using commercially reasonable efforts and therefore confirm that the personal data in our possession actually relate to you. In such cases, we may request that you provide additional information which is reasonably necessary to authenticate you and your request. We may retain your email address to respond to your request. If you are an adult, you can make a request on behalf of a child under your parental authority. How and when we are expected to handle your request We will respond to your request without undue delay, but in all cases and at the latest within 45 days of its receipt. Should we need more time, we will explain to you the reasons why, and how much more time we need. In this regard, please note that we may take up to 90 days to fulfill your request. Should we deny your request, we will explain to you the reasons behind our denial without undue delay, but in all cases and at the latest within 45 days of receipt of the request. We do not charge a fee to respond to your request, for up to one request per year. Additional information about Utah privacy We do not collect personal data about Utah consumers below the age of 13 We do not knowingly collect personal data of Utah consumers who are below the age of 13 nor do we sell or process their data for targeted advertising purposes. Definitions and legal references Personal Data (or Data) Any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person. Usage Data Information collected automatically through Nixplay (or third-party services employed in Nixplay), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use Nixplay, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User's IT environment. User The individual using Nixplay who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the Data Subject. Data Subject The natural person to whom the Personal Data refers. Data Processor (or Processor) The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes Personal Data on behalf of the Controller, as described in this privacy policy. Data Controller (or Owner) The natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of Personal Data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of Nixplay. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of Nixplay.Nixplay (or this Application) The means by which the Personal Data of the User is collected and processed. Service The service provided by Nixplay as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application. European Union (or EU) Unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the European Union include all current member states to the European Union and the European Economic Area. Cookie Cookies are Trackers consisting of small sets of data stored in the User's browser. Tracker Tracker indicates any technology - e.g Cookies, unique identifiers, web beacons, embedded scripts, e-tags and fingerprinting - that enables the tracking of Users, for example by accessing or storing information on the User’s device. Legal information This privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including Art. 13/14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 (General Data Protection Regulation). This privacy policy relates solely to Nixplay, if not stated otherwise within this document. Latest update: July 14, 2023 iubenda hosts this content and only collects the Personal Data strictly necessary for it to be provided. Get Expert Advice and Support Email Us Chat Now For Help Center Get Involved Help About United States United Kingdom European Union Deutsch | Français) JapanCanada English | Français) United States United States United Kingdom European Union Deutsch | Français) JapanCanada English | Français) United States © 2023 Nixplay . All rights reserved. Multi-shipping FAQ When and where will I see the multi-shipping option during my order journey? When more than one (1) digital photo frame is added to cart, a checkbox will appear on the cart slider/cart page. This option will allow you to order 2 or more frames and send them to different locations at the same time through the same checkout experience without having to enter different shipping addresses one by one. The multi-shipping option is not showing up / greyed out. Why is that? This can happen due to 3 reasons: When only one (1) digital photo frame is added to cart.When a print store product is added to cart. Please note print products are not supported for delivery through multi-shipping and need to be ordered separately.When Nixplay Plus subscription is added to cart together with more than one (1) digital photo frame. At this step, the multi-shipping option will show as “Not applicable - Learn More”. To avoid this: Simply purchase the Nixplay Plus subscription separately first and activate your account.Next login to your account directly at Nixplay store and enjoy 25% off the digital photo frames and you will notice the multi-shipping option is now available. Why can’t I order both the Nixplay Plus subscription and use multi-shipping option at the same time? This is because the multi-shipping option cannot recognize subscription-based products and therefore the Nixplay Plus subscription needs to be ordered separately. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause you. Rest assure, our engineers are working hard to find a solution and make this a 1 step journey. In the meantime, please follow the steps shared above to place your order while using the multi-shipping option. We and selected third parties collect personal information as specified in the privacy policy and use cookies or similar technologies for technical purposes and, with your consent, for functionality, experience, measurement and marketing (personalized ads) as specified in the cookie policy . Denying consent may make related features unavailable. You can freely give, deny, or withdraw your consent at any time. Use the “Accept” button to consent. Use the “Reject” button to continue without accepting. Note for users residing in the United States : you can provide or deny your consent to the processing of your sensitive personal information at any time via the “Accept” and “Reject” buttons or in a more granular way inside the privacy choices panel .