Sign in SearchSign in Download Power BI tools and apps Whether you’re on the go or need to create rich, interactive reports, download the tools you need to build reports and stay connected to your data from anywhere, anytime. Get a 360° view of your business data on the go—at the touch of your fingers—and quickly connect, shape, visualize, and share data insights through Power BI. Microsoft Power BI Desktop With the Power BI Desktop you can visually explore your data through a free-form drag-and-drop canvas, a broad range of modern data visualizations, and an easy-to-use report authoring experience. Download Advanced download options Microsoft Power BI Mobile Access your data anywhere, anytime. These native apps provide live, interactive, mobile access to your important business information. Microsoft on-premises data gateway Keep your dashboards and reports up to date by connecting to your on-premises data sources—without the need to move the data. Download standard mode Download personal mode On-premises reporting with Power BI Report Server Deploy and distribute interactive Power BI reports—and traditional paginated reports—within the boundaries of your organization’s firewall. Download Download Microsoft Power BI Report Builder Create pixel-perfect paginated reports for printing or electronic distribution with a familiar experience relied on by thousands of report authors. Download Okay, let's get your download started! Let us know where we can send you tips and tricks for getting started fast with Power BI. First Name Last Name Email Address Country Phone number Company name Company size Job Title Items of Personal Information to be Collected: First Name, Last Name, Email Address, Phone Number, Company name and size, Job Title, Country/Region of residence, and any other fields visible on this form. Purpose of Collection and Use: Microsoft will use the data for the purpose described on this form. Retention/Use Period of Personal Information: As long as needed to provide the service(s) you are requesting. I will receive information, tips, and offers about Solutions for Businesses and Organizations and other Microsoft products and services. Privacy Statement . Participation requires transferring your personal data to other countries in which Microsoft operates, including the United States. By submitting this form, you agree to the transfer of your data outside of China. Privacy Statement . Power Platform Browse Downloads Learn © 2023 Microsoft Follow Power BI English (US) češtinadanskDeutsch (Österreich)Deutsch (Schweiz)Deutsch (Deutschland)ΕλληνικάEnglish (Australia)English (Canada)English (Cyprus)English (UK)English (Ireland)English (India)English (Malaysia)English (New Zealand)English (Singapore)English (US)English (South Africa)español (España)español (México)suomi français (Belgique)français (Canada)français (Suisse)français (France)magyaritaliano (Svizzera)italiano (Italia)日本語한국어norsk bokmålNederlands (België)Nederlands (Nederland)polskiportuguês (Brasil)português (Portugal)русскийsvenskaไทยTürkçe中文(简体)中文(繁體)العربيةעברית Your California Privacy ChoicesSign in SearchSign in Insights anywhere with Power BI Mobile Stay connected to your data wherever business takes you. Mobile business intelligence is just a touch away. Get Power BI Mobile and take your data with you—today. Country/Region: Download from App Store Download from Windows Store Download from Google Play Download from Myapp (Tencent) Download from 360 Mobile Download from Mobile Market Download from MIUI app store Download from Baidu Mobile Also available in other countries An app for any device Securely access and view live Power BI dashboards and reports on any device, with native mobile BI apps for Windows, iOS, and Android. Connect to your data Monitor your business right from your phone. Access on-premises data stored in SQL Server, or data in the cloud. Keep on top of KPIs and reports—Power BI Mobile apps give you a 360-degree view of your data—on the go. And, keep your company’s data secure with mobile device and application management capabilities with Microsoft Intune. Visualize, explore, and speed insights Author reports for mobile users with Power BI Desktop, and view live dashboards and reports on mobile devices with fast and fluid visuals that accelerate your time-to-insight. Use natural language query to ask questions of your data, and geographic location to filter your data according to where you are. Share and collaborate on the go Easily annotate reports with your touch-enabled screen, to draw your team’s focus to new insights. Share live reports and dashboards directly from the app to keep your team on the same page. Stay in the know Get push notifications for personal data alerts to your device, and use 3D touch on iOS to quickly access shortcuts directly from your home screen. See your data update in real time on phones, tablets, and Apple Watch. Flexible and secure mobile access Author for mobile users with Power BI Desktop and the Power BI service . Securely access Power BI reports and dashboards, SQL Server Reporting Services, and your on-premises Power BI Report Server content—all in one app. Keep your company’s data secure with Microsoft Intune mobile device and application management capabilities. Contact Sales Chat with Sales Available Monday to Friday 8 AM to 5 PM Central Time. Chat now Request we contact you Have a Power BI sales expert contact you. Send a request Call Sales Available Monday to Friday 8 AM to 5 PM Central Time. Call 18552700615 Power Platform Browse Downloads Learn © 2023 Microsoft Follow Power BI English (US) češtinadanskDeutsch (Österreich)Deutsch (Schweiz)Deutsch (Deutschland)ΕλληνικάEnglish (Australia)English (Canada)English (Cyprus)English (UK)English (Ireland)English (India)English (Malaysia)English (New Zealand)English (Singapore)English (US)English (South Africa)español (España)español (México)suomi français (Belgique)français (Canada)français (Suisse)français (France)magyaritaliano (Svizzera)italiano (Italia)日本語한국어norsk bokmålNederlands (België)Nederlands (Nederland)polskiportuguês (Brasil)português (Portugal)русскийsvenskaไทยTürkçe中文(简体)中文(繁體)العربيةעברית Your California Privacy Choices Power BI contact sales widget Chat with Sales Contact Sales 18552700615 Available Monday to Friday 8 AM to 5 PM Central Time. Need Help? Chat with a Microsoft sales specialist for answers to your Power BI questions. Chat now No thanks How can we help? Connect with a Microsoft specialist or partner to learn how Microsoft Power BI can help you use data insights to drive and grow your business, answer pricing and licensing questions, or set up a free demo and trial. We’ll contact you within two business days. For product assistance, get technical support Thanks for your interest Currently, there are no representatives available based on your selection. We invite you to reach out to a partner for assistance, ask our community of experts, or start a free Power BI trial. Country/region Company size * Required field First name Last name Email Your request can’t be submitted using an @microsoft.com address. Company name Company size Phone number Country/region Questions/comments * Required field I will receive information, tips, and offers about Solutions for Businesses and Organizations and other Microsoft products and services. Privacy Statement . I would like Microsoft to share my information with selected partners so that I can receive relevant information about their products and services. Privacy Statement . Participation requires transferring your personal data to other countries in which Microsoft operates, including the United States. By submitting this form, you agree to the transfer of your data outside of China. Privacy Statement . Please resolve the following errors before submission: Get expert help from Microsoft partners Find a wide range of consulting services from a partner near you.Find a partner Start a Power BI trial Create dashboards and visualizations in minutes to find meaningful insights from your data. Try for free Join the community Connect, learn, and discuss Power BI with business intelligence experts and peers. Connect now Thanks for requesting a callMicrosoft ®Update Catalog FAQ| help Frequently Asked Questions What is Microsoft Update Catalog? It's a service from Microsoft that provides a listing of updates that can be distributed over a corporate network. You can use it as a one-stop location for finding Microsoft software updates, drivers, and hotfixes. Tips for searching the Microsoft Update Catalog The Microsoft Update Catalog lets you search on a variety of update fields and categories. These include the update title, description, applicable products, classifications, and knowledge base articles (e.g. KB9123456). When searching for hardware updates ("drivers"), you can also search for driver model, manufacturer, class, or a 4-part hardware id (e.g "PCI\VEN_14E4&DEV_1677&SUBSYS_01AD1028"). You can narrow the scope of your search by adding additional search terms. What types of software updates does Microsoft publish? Microsoft offers important, recommended, and optional updates. Important updates provide significant benefits, such as improved security and reliability. Optional updates might include, for example, new or updated driver software for devices that you have added to your computer. The Microsoft Update Catalog now provides access to hotfixes. Hotfixes are generally provided by Microsoft Customer Service & Support. To see a list of the updates that Microsoft publishes and definitions for each type of update, refer to the Microsoft Help and Support Web site article, Description of the standard terminology that is used to describe Microsoft software updates. If I use the Microsoft Update Catalog, do I still have to use Windows Update? The Microsoft Update Catalog provides updates, including drivers, that are for distribution across a corporate network. For non-corporate scenarios, we recommend you use automatic updating or the Microsoft Update website. In Windows Server 2003, Windows XP, and Windows 2000 with Service Pack 4, Automatic Updates is available within your Windows operating system. To check your current settings, you can right click My Computer, click Properties and then select the Automatic Updates tab. In Windows Vista, you no longer use a Web site to check for updates. Instead, you can check for updates by opening Control Panel, and opening Windows Update. If you use Microsoft Update, you can install updates for Windows and other Microsoft software products through Windows Update. What types of updates can I import into Microsoft update management applications? If you are running Windows Server Update Services (WSUS) 3.0, System Center Essentials (SCE), or System Center Configuration Manager (SCCM) you can import updates directly into these applications. After you have imported updates, you can manage them like any other updates that you obtain using WSUS, SCE, or SCCM, with some exceptions: Many updates are already available to you using the synchronizing capability in WSUS, SCE, and SCCM. Security updates, critical updates, service packs, update rollups, definition updates, and critical drivers can be configured to synchronize with your server automatically. You can still import these updates into your application by using Microsoft Update Catalog; however, depending on how you configure WSUS, SCE, and SCCM, you may not need to import the updates. Some updates require users to accept Microsoft Software License Terms or perform other update-specific installation steps. These updates can be imported, but you will be warned while importing them that they may require additional administrative support. For example, because updates require additional user interaction, the user can cancel the installation; the updates cannot be installed automatically at a scheduled time. Some updates are not compatible with the version of WSUS you are running. Additionally, some updates may not have the needed applicability information (in other words, the logic that determines whether an update should be installed). These types of updates cannot be imported. More support information . How often does Microsoft Update release security updates? Security-related updates are released once a month. However, if a security threat occurs, such as a widespread virus or worm, Microsoft will release a corresponding update as soon as possible. Other types of updates can be released whenever they are ready. What are the legal terms for using Microsoft Update Catalog? Your use of the Microsoft Update Catalog is subject to the Terms of Use. Software updates you receive through the Microsoft Update Catalog are governed by any license terms that come with them. If no license terms come with them, they may be governed by the original license agreement for the software to which they apply. You should check that license agreement for details. © 2023 Microsoft Corporation. All Rights Reserved. privacy terms of use help Accessibilité