PRIVACY POLICY This statement of privacy (“ Privacy Policy ”) describes how Riot Labz Pvt. Ltd. ( CIN- U29253DL2014PTC273460 ), a company registered under the Companies Act, 2013, having its registered office at 2 Commercial Complex, Mayfair Garden, Near Hauz Khas, Delhi- 110016 (hereinafter referred to as “ we ”, “ us ” “ our ” “ Oakter ”) collect, use, and disclose information pertaining to its customers, users, visitors (hereinafter referred to as “ you ”, “ your ”, “ User ”) obtained via this website https://oakter.com/ and mobile application (“ Website ”). Please read the following to learn about our practice of secure collection, use, disclosure and dissemination of information practices. By visiting this Website, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree, please do not use or access our Website. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to our Terms of Use (“ Terms of Use ”). Consent By using the Website and/ or by providing your information, you consent to the collection and use of the information you disclose on the Website in accordance with this Privacy Policy, including but not limited to your consent for sharing your information as per this Privacy Policy. If you disclose any personal information relating to other people to us, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Amendment Our Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time without notice. Please review this policy periodically to ensure you are aware of any changes. Collection of Personally Identifiable Information and other Information For the purposes of this Policy, 'Personal Information ' or ‘Personal Data’ is any data which relates to an individual or natural person who may be identified from that data, or from a combination of a set of data, and other information which is in possession of Oakter. Personal Data can be further divided into two types as below- Sensitive Personal Data Personal Data i) password; ii) financial information such as Bank account or credit card or debit card or other payment instrument details ; iii) physical, physiological and mental health conditions; iv) sexual orientation; v) medical records and history; vi) Biometric information; vii) any detail relating to the above clauses as provided to the body corporate for providing service; and viii) any of the information received under the above clauses by the body corporate for processing, stored or processed under lawful contract or otherwise: " means any information that relates to a natural person, which, either directly or indirectly, in combination with other information available or likely to be available with a body corporate, is capable of identifying such person. We don’t collect Sensitive Personal Data except for the details/mode through which we have received payment to keep our accounts updated. The following table explains the types of data we collect and the legal basis on which this data is processed: Purpose Data (key element) Basis Sign up and register for the application. Name, email address, password, country, city, contact number, and location. Legitimate interests - it is necessary for you to operate the products through application and for delivery of the products to you when you purchase. Subscribing to email updates, participating the surveys and request for services Name, age, contact details, preferences, etc., through surveys and forms, information relating to your caste and information about whether you are eligible for any affirmative action programmes or policies, information about the services that you use and how you use them, including log information and location information, when you are a user of the services through the Platform.Consent - you have given your active consent. Website functionality Website activity collected through cookies Legitimate interests - it is necessary for us to store a small amount of information, usually through cookies, to deliver functionality you would expect, such as remembering the contents you shared earlier. Visitors/users Identity, IP addresses, time spent on website, browser and device of the user. Legitimate interests- to provide better user experience. Our Products related The model and serial numbers of the Oakter products installed; The version and type of any software installed The types of third-party devices services you integrate, including any usernames and passwords that you input; The names of the rooms where you have connected devices; Your zip code or time zone; and Other information about your configuration. The time, frequency, and type of use of the various components of your system; History of your device settings, including any adjustments you make, data from any sensors built into the Oakter system or the products you integrate into the system; and The type of media player you are using. Legitimate interests- For the product functionality. This project-specific data may be stored along with any account information you provide when you set up an account with Oakter, including your email and other contact information. We use this information to help us customize our communications to you, troubleshoot problems with your system or account, and improve our products’ functionality. More importantly, we use this information to provide the core functionality of your automation system. How we use your data We will only use your data in a manner that is appropriate considering the basis on which that data was collected, as set out in the table at the top of this policy. For example, we may use your personal information to: To improve our Site and enable us to provide you with the most user-friendly experience which is safe, smooth and customized; Providing our services and products to you; To improve and customize our services, content and other commercial/non-commercial features on the Site; To send you information on our products, services, special deals, and promotions; To ask you to send feedback on any or all of our services; If you do not wish to receive such marketing/promotional communications from us you may indicate your preferences at the time of registration or by following the instructions provided on the Site or by providing instructions to this effect To create various surveys and analyses in form of reports; To send you service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so To provide customer support and the services you request; Ascertain how many people visit our Site, of what kind and what areas they visit, on our Site; To resolve disputes, if any and troubleshoot; To avoid/check illegal and/or potentially prohibited activities and to enforce Agreements To comply with any court judgment/decree/order / directive / legal & government authority /applicable law; To investigate potential violations or applicable national & international laws; To investigate deliberate damage to the Site/services or its legitimate operation; To Detect, prevent, or otherwise address security and/or technical issues; To protect the rights, property or safety of Oakter and/or its Directors, employees and the general public at large; To respond to Claims of third parties; To provide joint services, contents and marketing communications to the members of our corporate family and group, affiliates, service providers and third parties under a contract; To send the information to other third parties to whom you explicitly require us; How long we keep your data We take the principles of data minimization and removal seriously and have internal policies in place to ensure that we only ever ask for the minimum amount of data for the associated purpose and delete that data promptly once it is no longer required. How we secure your Personal Data Your personal information and project data files are stored on Oakter’s servers and the dedicated servers of companies we hire to provide us with processing and storage services. Oakter continuously evaluates threat and vulnerability data to further understand cyber-security risk. Based on available information, Oakter may adjust its approach to further defend your data. Oakter takes precautions including industry-standard administrative, technical, and physical measures that are designed to safeguard the personal information collected from visitors and customers against loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. When you enter personal information on our forms, we encrypt this data using SSL or other technologies.These technologies are designed to protect the confidentiality of your personal information when it is transmitted over the Internet. How we share your personal information Business Partners We may disclose your personal information to our business partners to offer its services and may also jointly host events and webinars with partners. Service Providers We may employ third-party companies and individuals to administer and provide the Service on our behalf (such as hosting events & webinars, email delivery and database management services). These third parties are permitted to use your personal information only to perform these tasks in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy. They are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. Payment gateway We may share your payment information to process your payments. Professional advisors We may disclose your personal information to professional advisors, such as lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services they render to us. Law Enforcement Agencies; Protection and Safety We may disclose your personal information as we believe appropriate to government or law enforcement officials or private parties (a) for the security, compliance, fraud prevention and safety purposes described above; (b) as required by law, lawful requests or legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities; (c) where permitted by law in connection with any legal investigation; and (d) to prosecute or defend legal claims. Court/Government Agencies/Regulatory Authorities We may disclose the information if required to do so by law in order to (for example) respond to a subpoena or request from law enforcement, a court or a government agency, or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary (a) to comply with a legal obligation, (b) to protect or defend our rights, interests or property or that of third parties, (c) to prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the services, (d) to act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of customers, their users or the public; or (e) to protect against legal liability. Website Users From time to time, we may post testimonials on Websites that may contain personal information. We obtain your consent to post Your name along with your testimonial. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at oye@oakter.com Third Parties We may also share personal information with third parties when we have your consent to do so. Rights you have over your data You have a range of rights over your data, which include the following: Where data processing is based on consent, you may revoke this consent at any time and we will make it as easy as possible for you to do this (for example by putting ‘unsubscribe’ links at the bottom of all our marketing emails). You have the right to ask for rectification and/or deletion of your information. You have the right access to your information. These rights may be limited in some situations – for example, where we can demonstrate that we have a legal requirement to process your Personal Information. You can assert your rights in the corresponding sections where such information was provided or by contacting us at oye@oakter.com Use of Cookies A "cookie" is a small piece of information stored by a Web server on a Web browser so that it can be later read from that browser. Cookies are useful for enabling the browser to remember information specific to a given user. This is done to recognize your device during future visits to our Website, primarily to provide a better user experience. Consequences of not providing Personal Information If you choose not to provide your Personal Information, which is mandatory to process your request, we may not be able to provide the corresponding experience. Updates to this privacy statement We may change the data privacy practices and update this privacy statement as and when the need arises, and the same will be made available on the Website. But our commitment to protecting website users’ privacy will remain. Applicable Laws Any dispute arising out of or concerning this Privacy Policy shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of India, and the courts of Delhi, India, shall retain exclusive jurisdiction to entertain any proceedings in relation to any disputes arising out of the same. Grievance Officer Name- Rahul Sharma Phone- +91 8860573715 Email- oye@oakter.com ***** since 2015 2022 Oakter . All Rights reserved by Oakter Head Office D-57, Sector-6, Noida, U.P. 201301, INDIA Manufacturing At A-21, Phase-2, Noida, U.P. 201305, INDIA Contact Us Mob: 7575 04 05 06 Email: oye@oakter.com Follow us TwitterFacebookLinkedInInstagram Explore