Yahoo B2B Privacy Policy Yahoo B2B Privacy Policy Expand all Yahoo offers business-to-business advertising, analytics, content, and measurement services through products like Flurry and Yahoo Native Marketplace (the “ Yahoo B2B Services ”). The Yahoo Privacy Policy applies to the collection, use, storage, sharing and retention of your personal data associated with your B2B account with us (“ Enterprise Account ”). This Yahoo B2B Privacy Policy (“ B2B Privacy Policy ”) provides further details into our practices relating to the processing of data associated with your Enterprise Account when you use our Yahoo B2B Services. In the event of a conflict between this B2B Privacy Policy and the Yahoo Privacy Policy , this B2B Privacy Policy prevails. If you have separate contractual agreements with us concerning our collection, use, or disclosure of your Enterprise Account data, those agreements control and supersede anything stated in this B2B Privacy Policy. What type of data does Yahoo collect and how do we use it? Business information includes your full name and business name, email address, telephone number, address, and other work-related information you provide to us for your Enterprise Account. We use this information to send you emails or other communications, consistent with providing our services (such as service and product feature updates and notices), and the permissions you give us.When you use your Enterprise Account, we collect information including: advertising campaigns you place or manage publisher inventory you make available to Yahoo for analytics or monetization purposesapps you manage via the Yahoo B2B Services including information regarding audiences, clicks, impressions, conversions, campaign metrics such as click-through rate, analytics, and payments. We do so in order to provide the Yahoo B2B Services to you, improve our services, and develop new services or service features.We use cookies and other technologies for a number of purposes, including: to analyse your use of the Enterprise Accountfor authentication of your Enterprise Accountas described in the Yahoo Privacy Policy and the Cookie Policy . You can manage your cookie and/or device settings, but if you do so, some Yahoo B2B Service functionality may be affected. How do you manage your data subject rights? Our Yahoo B2B Services give you various controls to manage certain aspects of your Enterprise Account. However, the platform that we provide to our consumers to manage and control their use of personal data does not work for Enterprise Accounts. If you would like to exercise certain data subject rights regarding your Enterprise Accounts, such as account erasure, please complete our Privacy Form . If you are a European Economic Area resident and you wish to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can do so via email at dpo-contact@yahooinc.com . ©2023 Yahoo. All Rights Reserved.Privacy Center State Privacy Rights State Privacy Rights Intellectual Property Why This Ad? For Consumers The sites and apps you use work with online advertising companies to provide you with advertising that is as relevant and useful as possible. Personalization may be informed by various factors such as the content of the site or app you are using, information you provide, historical searches you conduct, what your friends or contacts recommend to you, apps on your device, or based on your other interests. Read about Yahoo's privacy and advertising practices to learn more about how Yahoo selects the ads you see. See How Advertising Works for more information about how we use your data to provide personalised advertising and for more information on your choices and controls. Who placed this ad? This ad was served by Yahoo or one of Yahoo's advertising partners . Why was this ad served? Certain factors like your activity, searches , demographic data, apps on your device, and location information may be used to select the ads you see. What choices do I have? Manage interest-based advertising categories, or opt-out of all categories, from Yahoo.View our other privacy controls .Visit the Network Advertising Initiative (US) and the Digital Advertising Alliance - DAA (US), EDAA (EU), DAAC (Canada), ADAA ( AU / NZ ) to see your opt-out choices from other participating companies. Explore other controls and tools to help set and maintain your privacy choices.If you are using Safari or a browser enabled with Intelligent Tracking Protection (ITP) or similar cookie-blocking technology, if you wish to opt out of receiving personalized ads, you will need to do so directly via the Yahoo Privacy Center .While Yahoo does not share personally identifiable information with third parties for advertising purposes, if you have provided your email address to third parties in another context, you may be able to opt-out of further use of your data by exercising the Network Advertising Initiative’s Audience Matched Advertising opt-out control at optout.networkadvertising.org . ©2023 Yahoo. All Rights Reserved.