OUR APPROACH TO PRIVACY HP recognizes that privacy is a fundamental human right and further recognizes the importance of privacy, security and data protection to our customers and partners worldwide. We strongly encourage you to take some time to read our Privacy Statement in full. VIEW HP'S PRIVACY STATEMENT REINVENT YOUR PRIVACY Whether you are our Customer or Partner, you can count on HP for the protection of your personal data across all of our operations. HP PRIVACY RULES HP’s BCR for Controller is a corporate privacy compliance framework made up of a binding agreement, business processes and policies, training and guidelines which has been approved by the Data Protection Authorities of most EU Member States. LEARN MORE YOUR PRIVACY REQUESTS AND FEEDBACK Let us know what you think. At HP we are committed to protecting your privacy and your feedback is very important to us. If you wish to give us privacy feedback or to make a privacy request, you may do so by submitting your request in writing. LEARN MORE PRIVACY IN SUSTAINABILITY REPORT Acting with integrity, fairness and accountability which are fundamental to an inclusive society and a thriving business. Read the Privacy section of HP Sustainability Report. LEARN MORE YOUR COOKIE PREFERENCES Choose how we use cookies. Learn how we use cookies and the benefits of choosing Yes. HP AS A DATA PROCESSOR HP has a long standing history of industry leadership in privacy and data protection. Together with our robust portfolio products and services, we can support our customers' and partners' efforts in protecting personal data. HP PROCESSOR BINDING CORPORATE RULES HP’s BCR for Processor is a corporate privacy compliance framework approved by the Data Protection Authorities of most EU Member States. It allows HP to move customer data worldwide through HP companies in compliance with EU data protection law. LEARN MORE HP'S CONTRACTUAL COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY HP is committed to processing personal data responsibly and holds itself, its partners and its vendors accountable. LEARN MORE FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Let us help answer the questions you may have around our Processor Obligations. LEARN MORE Related links Select Your Country/Region and Language Close Country/Region Selector Dialog Americas Asia and Oceania Europe, Middle East and Africa End of content Country/Region : Close Country/Region Selector SelectedUnited States HP Worldwide popUpSRBeginingLabelString Select Your Country/Region and Language Click or use the tab key to select your country popUpSREndingLabelString Close Country/Region Selector Dialog About Us Ways to buy Support HP Partners Stay connected © Copyright 2023 HP Development Company, L.P. Your browser does not support iframes. Show Next Slide Show Previous Slide Go to slide %{i} Close Clear Play? Your Privacy We use cookies (or similar technologies) to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. By clicking "Accept ", you agree to this and the sharing of information (What data we collect) about your use of our site with our affiliates & partners. You can manage your preferences in Cookie Settings, withdraw your consent at any time or find out more about Use of cookies . Privacy Preference Center Your PrivacyStrictly Necessary CookiesPerformance & Analytics CookiesPersonalization CookiesTargeting CookiesSell or Share my Personal Data Your Privacy When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance & Analytics Cookies Performance & Analytics Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Personalization Cookies Personalization Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Sell or Share my Personal Data Sell or Share my Personal Data Sell or Share my Personal Data (a GREY slider means Do not Sell or Share my personal information with third parties). Cookie List Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label