To use everything on this website, turn on JavaScript in your browser settings. To use everything on this website, turn on cookies in your browser settings. Read why and how we use cookies. Microsoft Account Account Search Search Microsoft.com No results Cancel Sign in to your account PrivacyThird-party ad settings This page can help you learn more about personalized ads and choose whether you want to see ads on third-party sites that interest you. Share my data with third parties for personalized ads When this setting is on, you will see ads that are more personalized, and data will be shared with third parties about your activities associated with Microsoft services, websites, and apps. When this setting is off, the ads you see on third-party sites will not be personalized using data shared by Microsoft with third parties. Off This setting is currently unavailable. We may share data from your activities associated with Microsoft services, websites, and apps with third parties to provide ads that are more personalized on third-party sites (defined as cross-contextual behavioral advertising in California). Some companies may provide "do not sell" or "do not share" choices and communicate those choices to Microsoft. Microsoft recognizes that the expected result of exercising either of these choices is to exclude third parties from accessing your data for personalized advertising on third-party sites. As a result, we will receive both signals as a valid opt-out triggering this control. Any user who opts out of all personalization also opts out of third-party data sharing. This setting is available to signed-in users who set their country to the United States. If you are not signed in, you can turn off this setting regardless of your geographic location. To stop sharing data, turn off the Share my data with third parties for personalized ads setting on this page. To turn off all personalized ads, go to the personalized ad settings page . Questions? What are personalized ads? Why does Microsoft show personalized ads? How does Microsoft deliver personalized ads? How is my list of interests populated? How do I stop seeing personalized ads from other companies and ad networks? When does Microsoft use your Microsoft Edge browsing activity for advertising? How do I set up my browser so I stop seeing personalized ads? What about messages from Microsoft about Microsoft products? Feedback Your Privacy Choices Your Privacy Choices © Microsoft 2023Privacy at Microsoft Your data is private at work, at home, and on the go. At Microsoft, we value, protect, and defend privacy. We believe in transparency, so that people and organizations can control their data and have meaningful choices in how it is used. We empower and defend the privacy choices of every person who uses our products and services. At home Privacy is at the center of how we shape the products and services that customers use every day. We provide privacy resources and controls, so you can manage your data and how it is used. Visit the privacy dashboard At work For enterprise and business customers, IT admins, or anyone using Microsoft products at work, visit the Microsoft Trust Center to get information about privacy and security practices in our products and services. Visit Microsoft Trust Center Our commitment to privacy We ground our privacy commitments in strong data governance practices, so you can trust that we’ll protect the privacy and confidentiality of your data and will only use it in a way that’s consistent with the reasons you provided it. You control your information We give you the ability to control your data, along with clear and meaningful choices over how your data is used. Your data is protected We rigorously protect your data using encryption and other security best practices. You can expect privacy by design We design our products with a core commitment to uphold user privacy. We stand up for your rights We fight for stronger privacy laws and protections, and will protect your rights if a government request is made for data. These principles form the foundation of the Microsoft approach to privacy and will continue to shape the way we build our products and services. Get more information about how we put those principles into practice. We regularly publish the Microsoft Privacy Report to keep you updated about our privacy work.We explain how customers can export or delete personal data in our Privacy FAQs .We offer in-depth privacy information about our products and services in the Microsoft Privacy Statement . We believe that the technology we create should benefit everyone on the planet, and the planet itself. Visit the Microsoft Corporate Social Responsibility for more information. Privacy dashboardMicrosoft Trust CenterMicrosoft Privacy ReportGovernment information requests What's new Check out the latest articles, blog posts, and news from Microsoft about protecting your privacy at home and at work. (Some content might only be available in English.) From privacy vulnerability to privacy resilience Explore why companies that empathize with the privacy concerns of customers and address those concerns build a stronger business, differentiate themselves from competitors, and transform workplace culture. Read Microsoft human-centered privacy research Microsoft committed to important new milestone for data protection The European Commission and the U.S. government recently announced the new Trans-Atlantic Data Privacy Framework, an agreement designed to rebuild and strengthen the data protection bridge between the EU and the U.S. Microsoft applauds this important milestone. Read Julie Brill’s blog post about the data agreement EU Data Boundary for the Microsoft Cloud: A progress report Read about the important milestone in our journey toward creating the EU Data Boundary for the Microsoft Cloud, and our ongoing commitment to provide customers with robust transparency about our practices and progress toward the implementation of the EU Data Boundary. Read the EU Data Boundary progress report Protecting our data infrastructure through some new approaches to privacy The question civil society, business, academics and governments should be asking is not if we can use data but rather how we can enable responsible data use to create a better world and protect fundamental human rights. Read about how we’re exploring the development of new approaches where needed to enable the responsible use and sharing of data. Read more about new approaches to privacy To learn more about privacy at Microsoft, see Microsoft products and your data . To learn about managing your privacy settings, see Where can I find privacy settings in Microsoft products? If you are a resident of the state of California, please see our California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Notice for California Consumers . We’re always working to improve, so if you notice something in our products and services that doesn’t work the way you’d expect when it comes to privacy, please let us know . Your Privacy Choices Your Privacy Choices © Microsoft 2023