Does This Property Strategy Still Work In 2023? Liam discusses the effectiveness of the single let property strategy in 2023. Despite claims that the market is dead and property investment is no longer profitable, Liam argues that single lets are still a successful and lucrative strategy. He introduces the property freedom formula, a seven-step process that can turn ordinary investors into top performers. KEY TAKEAWAYS The strategy of single lets in property investment is still effective in 2023, despite claims that the market is dead and property doesn't work anymore. The property freedom formula is a seven-step process that can turn an ordinary investor into an extraordinary professional property investor. The steps include mindset, funding, site finding, appraisal, planning, construction, and the exit. The buy refurbish refinance process is a key component of the property freedom formula. It involves buying a property at the right price, adding value through refurbishment, and then refinancing with a mortgage to pull out the initial investment capital. Single lets can generate significant net profits, ranging from three to seven hundred pounds per calendar month, depending on the location. Building a portfolio of single lets can provide capital appreciation and passive income. Proper management of the property portfolio is crucial for success. Treating it as a proper business, reducing expenses, increasing profits, and providing a five-star service to tenants are essential elements of managing a successful property portfolio. BEST MOMENTS "Well, I'm here to tell everyone that is saying that, hey, up yours, because you do not know what you are talking about." "Single lets, my friends, are not dead in the water. They are very, very much alive." "And it's very simple, you're gonna wanna write this down, income follows assets, my friends." "No one is safe unless you control your destiny." "You can literally access at least three properties within the next 90 days with the right mentoring, support, and accountability." VALUABLE RESOURCES The Dealmaker Podcast - https://omny.fm/shows/the-deal-maker-by-liam-ryan Assets For Life - https://assetsforlife.co.uk Facebook Page - https://www.facebook.com/LiamJRyan.AFL Facebook Personal - https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100010124928017 You're listening to The Deal Maker podcast with Property Expert, Property Multi Millionaire and Joint World Record Holder Liam J. Ryan. If you want to become a master negotiator, close more property deals, become a great salesperson and live a better life then The Deal Maker podcast is for you. Liam is a property investor, business owner and Entrepreneur helping people make more money and live a happier life Facebook Twitter WhatsApp Email Download Play from 00:00 Type Size Play from 00:00 In 1 playlist(s) The Deal Maker by Liam Ryan 194 clip(s) The Deal Maker by Liam Ryan You're listening to The Deal Maker podcast with Property Expert, Property Multi Millionaire and Join More Social links WebsiteFacebookTwitter Follow podcast RSS feed Recent clips How To Earn £5000 Per Month Using UK PropertyStop Going Into Business With These Kinds Of PeopleHow To Become Your Own Property Developer - Part 3 Omny Studio is the complete audio management solution for podcasters and radio stations © 2023 121cast Pty Ltd