Product & Privacy Policies Handling of personal data Why Customer Privacy matters to one.com The customer’s right to privacy is of great importance to one.com. one.com recognizes that when a customer chooses to provide one.com with personal information and data, the customer places confidence in our ability to handle customer privacy in a responsible manner. one.com acting as data controller one.com acts as data controller for you as our customer, and for any personal information you provide upon registering to and using our service. We have the responsibility as data controller for this information. We refer to our Privacy Notice for info on our collection and use of your personal data. one.com acting as data processor If you store personal information on our servers one.com will act as data processor for this information. As our customer, you are the data controller for this data and will need a Data Processor Agreement (DPA) with us. Here you can find our Data Processing Agreement which will apply to all our customers in the European Union that are using us to process personal data. Together with our updated privacy policies, this will be the foundation you need when processing personal data on our systems. Note that if you only use our services for processing of personal data for purely personal or household activities and you are a natural individual then the EU Privacy Regulation does not apply to you and you do not need a DPA. We encourage you to keep your personal details updated The customer can help one.com to improve the effectiveness and quality of service by keeping one.com notified of any changes to the customer’s name, address, phone number or email address. The customer can do this by updating the customer’s personal details when logged into the customer’s one.com control panel. Customer data policy Customer Data By Customer data is meant any information the customer has placed on his/her web space at one.com, for example emails, internet pages, photos and database content. To the extent that the customer is processing personal data as a data controller, we refer to the above one.com acting as data processor paragraph. The Customer’s Data on the Account Registration of a domain through one.com makes the customer the owner of the domain. The customer maintains all rights to the content that the customer places on his/her one.com web space. The templates and images placed at disposal by one.com, remains property of one.com. However, one.com does not claim any rights to the content that the customer has placed on the account. The account holder is on the other hand legally responsible for the content placed on the account. one.com does not form any opinion or perform any legal review of the content on a customer’s web space account. However, in case of obvious illegal content for example child pornography, phishing attempts or the like, one.com will act as a responsible company and inform the relevant authorities. In all other cases one.com will take action if an EU or US court or another relevant authority orders one.com to do so. The Customer’s Responsibility for the Account at one.com The customer should always log out of any account when finishing a session, to ensure that others cannot access the customer’s private personal information. The customer should take this precaution even if the customer is not using a public computer at a library, an internet café or the like. Data Security one.com recognizes the special responsibility that comes with the hosting of personal data on customer’s web space accounts. We want our customers to consider one.com a trusted place for data storage. The one.com data center is therefore designed to meet the highest standards of security. All customer data and one.com’s system data are secured through a daily remote backup of all servers via a private 10 Gbit fibre connection to a separate backup data center located 10 km from the main data center. The daily backup secures our customers’ web spaces against data loss. The backup includes all web spaces, regardless of type or size. Backup is a precaution against data loss caused by errors within one.com’s control. Consequently, unless the reason for the data loss is outside one.com’s control, we are able to recover all content after a potential failure. When restoring from a backup, the whole server and all web spaces on the server will be restored to their state prior to the failure. Domain Expiration Policy Generic Top Level domains and .uk / .co.uk / .me.uk / .org.uk domain names one.com renews the registration of a domain name prior to its expiration, provided that the registrant of the domain complies with one.com’s terms of payment. Domain expiration notification Prior to the expiration of a gTLD, one.com notifies the registrant of the domain twice with instructions for renewing the domain name.The first notice is sent via email approximately one month prior to expiration. The second notice is sent via email approximately one week prior to expiration. Post-expiration notification If a domain registration is not renewed by the registrant, then within five days after the expiration, one.com sends an additional expiration notice to the registrant of the domain with instructions for restoring the domain name. Expiration notification content one.com sends the notifications of expiration via email to the domain registrant in the language of the registration agreement. All relevant details regarding expiration date, domain renewal and recommended action, are clearly available by simply opening the notification email. Redemption grace period one.com offers a redemption grace period of 30 days after the expiration of a gTLD. During the redemption grace period, DNS is disabled for the domain and the domain cannot be transferred. one.com may restore the domain on request by the registrant of the domain during the redemption grace period. The fee to restore the domain is indicated in the one.com price list. This Domain Expiration Policy sets out one.com’s Expired Registration Recovery Procedure (ERRP) for gTLDs as requested by ICANN and for .uk/.co.uk/.me.uk/.org.uk domain names. Different domain expiration policies may apply to other TLDs. Links one.com customer service handling process How we handle customer queries If you have any questions, please contact our customer support . Within five minutes of receiving your query on support@one.com or sales@one.com, we will send you an automatic confirmation email. Within 24 hours, you will receive a response from a customer support representative. Our process for handling customer complaints 1. Contact one.com Support or Sales In the first instance you should contact our support. For queries regarding sales and subscription, please contact one.com Sales . For technical issues, please contact our Customer Support . We will respond to your query within 24 hours. 2. Contact our Customer Care team If you are not satisfied with the response that you have received from the one.com Sales team, please address your case to our Customer Care team . Our Customer Care team will review your case carefully and will come up with a solution within two working days. 3. Contact our Support Manager If you are not satisfied with the response that you have received from the Customer Care team, you can escalate your case to the support manager . All escalated complaints should include the following information: Your name, contact details, domain name or order number and a clear description of your complaint. Please write "Complaint" in the subject line of your email. The support manager will acknowledge your complaint within two working days of receipt and would aim to respond to you within five working days. 4. Submit a complaint for online dispute resolution A complaint about a product or service purchased from one.com may be submitted to the European Commission’s online dispute resolution portal: http://ec.europa.eu/odr . When filing a complaint, please provide our email address: service@one.com. Regarding .uk / .co.uk / .me.uk / .org.uk domain names If you are not happy with the response you have received from our support manager and if you think that we are breaching the Registrar Agreement, please follow Nominet’s complaints procedure . Procedure for Receipt, Handling and Tracking of Abuse Reports This document outlines the procedure for the receipt, handling, and tracking of abuse reports concerning domain names under one.com’s management and compliance with the 2013 ICANN Registrar Accreditation Agreement about generic domain names. How to report an abuse case? 1. Report abuse via email Complaints can be emailed to us at abuse@one.com for any alleged issue of abuse related to any domain name registered with one.com or contents hosted on our servers. Incoming abuse emails are received and tracked in our abuse handling system, and valid requests will be addressed and answered by an abuse desk representative as quickly as possible. We proceed on a case-by-case basis and perform the actions that we deem necessary within the framework of currently applicable law. Emails are answered based on their issue, concern or inquiry and may involve communication with the domain registrant. Please make sure to send along any useful evidence as outlined in the below list of most common types of abuse. 2. Report Abuse via telephone We do not handle abuse reports via phone. When calling us on the dedicated line at +45 44451220, an answering machine will redirect you to our abuse email address.Most common types of abuse handled in our abuse desk The following list explains the most common types of abuse we investigate and the required evidence we expect from you to support our investigation: Type of abuse and description Useful evidence Notes and advice Child Abuse – is adult content depicting minors (someone under the age of 18 years) Abusive Domain Name(s) Abusive URL(s) Copyright – is the content that is protected by copyright being published online with no authorisation rights A detailed description of the exact content that violates the copyright Email Abuse/Spam – is an unsolicited commercial bulk email. From address To address Full Email headers Full email source Regular FP/FN re-classifications are handled through our normal support queue Fraud – is the wrongful deception with the intent to gain a monetary benefit (also known as a scam) or other benefits (i.e. access to personal data) Abuse Domain Name(s) Abusive URL(s) Paid invoices or receipts Screenshot of the abusive page The email with full header and body Phishing – is a type of fraud with the intent to acquire sensitive information (usernames, passwords, PINs, credit card or bank account details) using fake websites that are almost identical to legitimate ones Abusive Domain Name(s) Abusive URL(s) The target of the attack (legitimate website) Country of your IP address (content might be geo-blocked) User-agent Malware – is software used to disrupt computer operations, gather sensitive data or gain access to private computer systems Abusive Domain Name(s) Abusive URL(s) If you clicked any links, please make sure to scan your machine with an up-to-date anti-virus program thoroughly Hacking Activity – is networking attacks such as port scanning, brute force, denial of service attacks etc., with the intent to infect or exploit the victim’s resources or for other illegal purposes Abusive Domain Name(s) Abusive URL(s) Date and time of when the abuse took place – please indicate time zone A complete log of the attack Trademark Infringement – the unauthorised use of a trademark or service mark on or in connection with goods and/or services in a manner that is likely to cause confusion, deception or mistake about the source of the goods and/or services A formal notice of a trademark complaint Whois Inaccuracy – implies inaccurate, outdated or false contact details listed in Whois Abusive Domain Name(s) Incorrect Contact Details A returned email with the header Abuse Reports – stand for any other inappropriate content, including but not limited to: identity theft, unauthorised redirection/frame/IP pointing, defamation, terrorism propaganda, warez etc. Abusive Domain Name(s) Abusive URL(s) Screenshot of the respective abusive page Special conditions for the individual top level domains Use of .as domains The domain owner accepts that by registering or transferring a .as domain name, he or she agrees to abide by ASNIC’s Terms and Conditions for .as (cf. https://www.nic.as/policy.cfm ) Use of .be domains The domain owner accepts that by registering or transferring a .be domain name, he or she agrees to abide by DNS.be’s Terms and Conditions for .be (cf. http://www.dnsbelgium.be/en/documents/enduser-terms-and-conditions-be/ ) Use of .bi domains The domain owner accepts that by registering or transferring a .bi domain name, he or she agrees to abide by .bi’s Terms that the site must not contain porn, sex, gay or racial related material. Use of .cat domains The domain owner accepts that by registering or transferring a .cat domain name, he or she agrees to abide by .cat’s Terms that the site must be in Catalan language or must be about or promote the Catalan culture and language. Use of .de domains When registering or transferring .de domains, one.com acts solely as intermediary between the domain owner and DENIC (Domain Verwaltungs- und Betriebsgesellschaft eG) (cf. http://www.denic.de/ ) Use of .dk domains The domain owner accepts that continued registration is conditional, among other things, on compliance with the current DIFO rules concerning the administration of domain names under the top level domain .dk, including the decisions made by the board of complaints set up by DIFO, cf. article 5 of the rules (cf. https://punktum.dk/en ) Use of .eu domains The domain owner accepts that by registering or transferring a .eu domain name, he or she agrees to abide by EURid’s Terms and Conditions for .eu (cf. https://eurid.eu/d/24423972/terms-and-conditions_en.pdf/ ) Use of .fo domains The domain owner accepts that by registering or transferring a .fo domain name, he or she agrees to abide by NIC.FO’s Terms and Conditions for .fo (cf.https://nic.fo/about-us/terms-and-conditions ) Use of .nl domains The domain owner accepts that by registering or transferring a .nl domain name, he or she agrees to abide by SIDN’s current rules governing the administration of domain names under the top level domain .nl (cf. General Terms and Conditions for .nl Registrants ) Use of .rio domains The domain owner accepts that by registering or transferring a .rio domain name, he or she agrees to abide by .rio Launch and Registration Policies (cf. http://nic.rio/english/policies/ ) Use of .se/.nu domains By registering or transferring a .se/.nu domain name, one.com is the link between the domain owner and IIS.se (The Internet Infrastructure Foundation), and the domain owner agrees to abide by IIS.se’s current rules governing the administration of domain names under the top-level domain .se/.nu conf: IIS terms & conditions for .se IIS terms & conditions for .nu IIS privacy policy for .se IIS privacy policy for .nu Internetstiftelsen and Registration Services Use of .travel domains The domain owner accepts that by registering or transferring a .travel domain name, he or she agrees to abide by .travels’s Terms that the site must be about travel-related activities. Use of .uk domains The domain owner accepts that by registering or transferring a .uk domain name, he or she agrees to abide by Nominet’s current rules governing the administration of domain names under the top-level domain .uk (cf. https://www.nominet.uk/domain-registration-tandc ) For domain names other than those mentioned on this page, reference is made to the rules of the individual top level domains. If the domain owner does not comply with the rules of the relevant domain, one.com is entitled to effect deletion of the customer’s web space. Use of generic top level domains The domain owner accepts that by registering or transferring a generic top level domain name to one.com, he or she agrees to abide by the one.com Domain Registration Agreement (cf. http://www.one.com/en/domain-registration-agreement ) Use of other domains For domain names other than the above, reference is made to the rules of the individual top level domains. Payment conditions Regarding the special payment conditions for the individual domains please see https://help.one.com/hc/articles/115005595625 . Contact point for Regulation (EU) 2021/784 of the European Parliament and of the Council: Supported languages: English This contact option is exclusively intended for communication in accordance with the aforementioned regulation (EU) 2021/784. Other inquiries will not be answered and must be submitted through the appropriate contact channels. ** Promotional terms apply. Offer assumes a domain purchase, Beginner plan and Business + Ecommerce subscription. About. Information. Product. Copyright © 2002 - 2023 one.com. All rights reserved English