Privacy Privacy Policy The privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information received and collected by www.onecomm.bm and how it is used. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. One may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at info@onecomm.bm . Using personal information One may collect your name, your address, your phone number, your email address, and your date of birth. This is information necessary for us to provide you the service you require. One may also use your personal information to administer this web application, personalise the web application for you, enable your access to and use of the web applications services send you notification emails to advertise products & services. One (and its providers) may collect and use technical and related information, including information about your computers and/or mobile devices, operating systems, applications, connected devices, network traffic, location data, and data used to deliver the Services and for other purposes including support and related services. One (and its providers) use the GPS functionality of your device to determine if you are located in Bermuda. This information is used to determine your location each time you access a Service that is only available in Bermuda and this information is not saved or recorded by One. The grounds on which we process your information are for contractual or legal purposes or legitimate interests. We only use your personal information for these purposes and as set out in this privacy policy. We process your information in the United States, which may have a lower standard of data protection than applicable in your country of residence. We retain your personal information for the duration of the services we provide to you and for seven years thereafter. Log Files Like many other Web sites, www.onecomm.bm makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyse trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information, are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. How we use cookies A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic, or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes, by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. www.onecomm.bm does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customise Web page content based on visitors’ browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes. As you browse www.onecomm.bm , advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our display advertising partner then enables us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with www.onecomm.bm . The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number. You can send an email to info@onecomm.bm to opt out of www.onecomm.bm and our partners’ targeted advertising. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer, or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options, unless your location requires an active management tool which will be displayed when you access our website.More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. This website is not intended for users based in the European Economic Area, Switzerland or the UK. As this website is not compliant with European electronic communications laws, it does not have the required electronic communications notices for users in these territories. Security We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. One will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere above, One may disclose your personal information to organisations such as (but not limited to) the Bermuda Police Service and the Bermuda Monetary Authority to the extent that it is required to do so by law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights. Rights While One is in possession of your personal information, you may contact One at any time if would like details of the personal information that we hold about you, the purpose for which your personal information is being used or details of the third parties with whom we may share your personal information. Additionally, you may request for One to correct, update, supplement, or delete this personal information. To exercise any of these rights, please contact us as set out below. Links to other websites Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question. Contact One If you have any questions about this privacy policy or One’s treatment of your personal information, please write, by email, to: info@onecomm.bm Start Chat OneComm Chat