Privacy Shield, GDPR, and CCPA Compliant. Here at OneSignal, we understand the sensitivity surrounding the storage and use of data by the one million users currently on our platform, and the billions of devices we deliver messages to each month. You can read and access the OneSignal Privacy Policy here . Privacy Shield Certified The EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks were designed to provide companies on both sides of the Atlantic with a mechanism to comply with data protection requirements when transferring personal data from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States in support of transatlantic commerce. You can find OneSignal’s active Privacy Shield Certification here . GDPR Compliant In May of 2018, the European Union implemented a law for its citizens called the General Data Privacy Regulations (GDPR) . GDPR addresses the transfer of personal data outside the EU and EEA areas. OneSignal provides the ability for all users to be GDPR compliant, however, you may need to modify your own privacy policy to be covered. Also, GDPR requires organizations to have a written, signed agreement to fulfill GDPR data protection obligations, as explained by Privacy Shield and summarized at Supplemental Principle 10 (Obligatory Contracts for Onward Transfers). CCPA Compliant The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) is a state statute that is intended to enhance privacy rights and consumer protection for residents of California in the United States. CCPA provides residents with the right to know and control how their personal data is being used by businesses. OneSignal provides the ability for all users to be CCPA compliant, however, you may need to modify your own privacy policy to be covered. Get Started Today For Free With Our Tool We’ll get you going in a matter of minutes. Have questions? Chat with an expert. Product Resources Developers Company OneSignal is the market leading self-serve customer engagement solution for Push Notifications, Email, SMS & In-App.