OneTrust ranks #1 in 2022 market share report on data privacy software OneTrust, the market-defining leader for trust intelligence, continues to hold its large market share lead for the fourth consecutive year according to IDC's Worldwide Data Privacy Compliance Software Market Shares Report , released in May 2023. ​ The report highlights OneTrust's continued category leadership, as OneTrust leads the market with 30% share, more than twice the share of the nearest competitor. ​​ “Privacy is a strategic imperative, and organizations are prioritizing maintaining it even as revenue elsewhere potentially declines. This is coupled with continued expansion of data privacy regulatory regimes worldwide. Demand for these tools will likely be increasing even in a weakened macroeconomic state.” - IDC ​​ Download the report excerpt to learn more. ​ IDC, Worldwide Data Privacy Compliance Software Market Shares, #US50209423, May 2022. First Name: Last Name: Email Address: Job Title: Company Name: Country: Phone Number: Solutions of Interest: On-demand webinar coming soon... Report Privacy Management Trust Intelligence Privacy & Data Governance You may also like Clear Filters Webinar GRC & Security Assurance Empowering your cyber defense: Key insights into the latest NIST CSF update Gain insights into the upcoming NIST CSF update and learn how to effectively deploy it across your organization. September 14, 2023 Learn more Webinar Privacy Management India's DPDA: What you need to know In this webinar, legal experts discuss India's newly enacted comprehensive privacy law, the Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023 ('DPDA') September 12, 2023 Learn more Webinar Privacy Management August Privacy & Data Governance Cloud Demo Webinar See how OneTrust's Privacy & Data Governance Cloud operationalizes regulatory compliance and helps ensure privacy and responsible data use. August 16, 2023 Learn more Load more Your partner in trust transformation Top Searches Trust Center Data Discovery CPRA Training & Certifications Platform Why OneTrust Platform Pricing OneTrust Integrations: The Future of Privacy Management Company About Us Careers Newsroom Centers of Excellence Latest News OneTrust is Named to the 2023 Forbes Cloud 100 OneTrust Makes the Forbes Cloud 100 List OneTrust Ranks #1 in Data Privacy Market Share for 2022 Resources Navigating the ISO 27001 compliance journey eBook Integrating IT, security & third-party risk OneTrust becomes only IT VRM vendor to receive the Gartner Peer Insights™ Customers’ Choice distinction for three years in a row Contact Us Contact Us Request Demo Privacy Matters Our privacy center makes it easy to see how we collect and use your information. Your privacy When we collect your personal information, we always inform you of your rights and make it easy for you to exercise them. Where possible, we also let you manage your preferences about how much information you choose to share with us, or our partners. © 2023 OneTrust, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Our policies Privacy Cookie Notice Trust Center Transparency Report Legal and Compliance Information Your rights Exercise Your Rights Manage Your Communication Preferences Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are set to provide the service, application or resource requested. Without these cookies, your request cannot be properly delivered. They are usually set to manage actions made by you, such as requesting website visual elements, pages resources or due user login/logoff. We can also use these cookies to set up essential functionalities to guarantee the security and efficiency of the service requested, like authentication and load balancer request. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies are set to provide quantitative measures of website visitors. Information collected with these cookies is used in operations to measure website or software KPIs, such as performance. With the usage of these cookies we are able to count visits and traffic sources to improve the performance of our site and application. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies are set by us or by third party service providers we use to implement additional functionalities or to enhance features and website performance, however they are not directly related with the service you requested. Services and functionalities implemented by these cookies support features like automatic filled text box, live web chat platform, non-necessary forms and optional security parameters like a single sign-on (SSO). Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies are set by our advertising partners to provide behavioral advertising and re-marketing analytical data.They collect any type of browsing information necessary to create profiles and to understand user habits in order to develop an individual and specific advertising routine. The profile created regarding your browsing interest and behavior is used to customize the ads you see when you access other websites. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy and Data Governance Cloud Imagine if privacy was an enabler, not a roadblock Go beyond compliance. Deliver business value and build trust through transparency, choice, and control. Request demo Free trial Make data privacy a competitive advantage People demand greater control of their personal data, unlocking an opportunity for organizations to use these moments to build trust and deliver more valuable experiences. We provide privacy and data governance automation to help organizations better understand their data across the business, meet regulatory requirements, and operationalize risk mitigation to provide transparency and choice to individuals. Gain regulatory agility Build proactive privacy programs rooted in global best practices, not reactive to individual privacy regulations. Proactively detect and mitigate risk Gain visibility into unknown risks to drive mitigation and risk-based decision-making. Enable trusted data use Respect individual choice and embed privacy and data security by default into business processes. Explore the Privacy and Data Governance Cloud Privacy Management Enable privacy by design (PbD) and build a reputation of trust and transparency with a comprehensive, unified privacy management platform. Learn more Data Discovery & Security Improve your data quality to build trust, maintain compliance, and simplify decision-making across the business. Learn more Consent & Preferences Reinforce privacy, regulatory compliance, and data management by capturing, governing, and syncing consent and preferences across your customer touchpoints. Learn more Additional Privacy and Data Governance resources Navigating responsible AI: A privacy professional's guide Learn how privacy teams help organizations establish and implement policies that ensure AI applications are responsible and ethical. Download white paper US privacy resource kit Access a range of materials to help you understand how the US privacy landscape is evolving. Download resource kit The marketer's first-party data checklist Explore our in-depth first-party data checklist to learn how to deliver privacy-first personalization. Download checklist Ready to get started? See how OneTrust can help you adopt best-in-class privacy practices to support your privacy and data governance program. Request demo Free trial Your partner in trust transformation Top Searches Trust Center Data Discovery CPRA Training & Certifications Platform Why OneTrust Platform Pricing OneTrust Integrations: The Future of Privacy Management Company About Us Careers Newsroom Centers of Excellence Latest News OneTrust is Named to the 2023 Forbes Cloud 100 OneTrust Makes the Forbes Cloud 100 List OneTrust Ranks #1 in Data Privacy Market Share for 2022 Resources Navigating the ISO 27001 compliance journey eBook Integrating IT, security & third-party risk OneTrust becomes only IT VRM vendor to receive the Gartner Peer Insights™ Customers’ Choice distinction for three years in a row Contact Us Contact Us Request Demo Privacy Matters Our privacy center makes it easy to see how we collect and use your information. Your privacy When we collect your personal information, we always inform you of your rights and make it easy for you to exercise them. Where possible, we also let you manage your preferences about how much information you choose to share with us, or our partners. © 2023 OneTrust, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Our policies Privacy Cookie Notice Trust Center Transparency Report Legal and Compliance Information Your rights Exercise Your Rights Manage Your Communication Preferences Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are set to provide the service, application or resource requested. Without these cookies, your request cannot be properly delivered. They are usually set to manage actions made by you, such as requesting website visual elements, pages resources or due user login/logoff. We can also use these cookies to set up essential functionalities to guarantee the security and efficiency of the service requested, like authentication and load balancer request. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies are set to provide quantitative measures of website visitors. Information collected with these cookies is used in operations to measure website or software KPIs, such as performance. With the usage of these cookies we are able to count visits and traffic sources to improve the performance of our site and application. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies are set by us or by third party service providers we use to implement additional functionalities or to enhance features and website performance, however they are not directly related with the service you requested.Services and functionalities implemented by these cookies support features like automatic filled text box, live web chat platform, non-necessary forms and optional security parameters like a single sign-on (SSO). Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies are set by our advertising partners to provide behavioral advertising and re-marketing analytical data. They collect any type of browsing information necessary to create profiles and to understand user habits in order to develop an individual and specific advertising routine. The profile created regarding your browsing interest and behavior is used to customize the ads you see when you access other websites. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy Management Operationalize data privacy compliance and earn trust Comply with hundreds of the world’s privacy laws and data protection frameworks while enabling privacy by design for a lasting culture of accountability. Access real-time regulatory intelligenceGain an accurate picture of the personal data held and processed by your organization and vendorsAutomate resource-intensive privacy management workflows to protect sensitive dataImplement privacy incident prevention and prepare for incident response Request demo Free trial Unify your data privacy management program activities Automate privacy-critical workflows Privacy impact assessments, accurate data mapping, and privacy rights request fulfillment are all musts for demonstrating compliance and trust. Our privacy management platform delivers the automation you need to accomplish these privacy management tasks while shifting your focus to strategic privacy initiatives. Build a culture of training, oversight, and privacy by design Keep up with the latest privacy regulations, news, and compliance requirements from the world’s largest source of regulatory research. Make sure your teams are prepared by delivering current regulatory, industry, and role-specific privacy awareness training content along with up-to-date privacy policies. Demonstrate privacy program effectiveness Demonstrate accountability by measuring and overseeing privacy risks, incident response handling or remediation, and privacy program maturity over time. Uncover areas of improvement and detect major trends or incidents on the horizon with dashboards that drive faster data-driven decisions. Explore Privacy Management modules Clear Filters PIA & DPIA Automation Automate your privacy impact assessments and minimize risk Learn more Data Mapping Automation Gain full visibility of your organization’s data usage Learn more Privacy Rights Automation Expedite personal rights requests fulfillment Learn more Privacy Incident Management Streamline response to incidents & data breaches Learn more Third-Party Risk Management Automate your vendor risk management program Learn more Privacy Notice Management Draft and manage your policies and notices in one centralized dashboard Learn more Privacy Training Build a privacy-first organization with interactive awareness training Learn more DataGuidance Research Power your compliance program with the latest regulatory insights Learn more US privacy resource kit Download our US privacy resource kit designed to access a range of materials to help you understand how the US privacy landscape is evolving. Read more Customer testimonial Renate Lang, Legal Counsel/Head Practice Group HR & Data Protection, Schindler You may also like Clear Filters Webinar GRC & Security Assurance Empowering your cyber defense: Key insights into the latest NIST CSF update Gain insights into the upcoming NIST CSF update and learn how to effectively deploy it across your organization. September 14, 2023 Learn more Webinar Privacy Management India's DPDA: What you need to know In this webinar, legal experts discuss India's newly enacted comprehensive privacy law, the Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023 ('DPDA') September 12, 2023 Learn more Webinar Privacy Management August Privacy & Data Governance Cloud Demo Webinar See how OneTrust's Privacy & Data Governance Cloud operationalizes regulatory compliance and helps ensure privacy and responsible data use. August 16, 2023 Learn more FAQs How does OneTrust help me with global data privacy regulatory compliance? Our privacy management software supports your compliance with key regulations like GDPR, CCPA, LGPD, and countless others by providing a centralized platform to help you manage the workflows, tasks, and reporting required for privacy compliance. Purpose-built applications powered by automated data discovery and embedded regulatory intelligence deliver the agility and simplification you need to navigate the complex regulatory environment. Will OneTrust help me better understand my data transfers? Yes, OneTrust Privacy Management automates your data mapping process to give you a clear picture of your personal data processing activities and regulatory requirements associated with data transfers across jurisdictions. We’ll also provide an always-available data inventory of assets, processes, and vendors for records of processing (ROPA). Can OneTrust support my cookie consent and preference management needs? Absolutely. OneTrust Consent and Preferences software makes it easy for you to capture, centralize, govern, and sync consent, preferences, and first-party data while keeping trust and transparency at the forefront of all consumer interactions. Can OneTrust support my organization’s needs beyond privacy management?Yes, our platform approach allows you to implement data governance , streamline consent and preferences , or even branch out to support GRC , ethics , or ESG and sustainability initiatives. We’ll support you across your trust transformation journey. Ready to get started? Request a free demo today to see how OneTrust can guide your trust transformation journey. Request demo Free trial Your partner in trust transformation Top Searches Trust Center Data Discovery CPRA Training & Certifications Platform Why OneTrust Platform Pricing OneTrust Integrations: The Future of Privacy Management Company About Us Careers Newsroom Centers of Excellence Latest News OneTrust is Named to the 2023 Forbes Cloud 100 OneTrust Makes the Forbes Cloud 100 List OneTrust Ranks #1 in Data Privacy Market Share for 2022 Resources Navigating the ISO 27001 compliance journey eBook Integrating IT, security & third-party risk OneTrust becomes only IT VRM vendor to receive the Gartner Peer Insights™ Customers’ Choice distinction for three years in a row Contact Us Contact Us Request Demo Privacy Matters Our privacy center makes it easy to see how we collect and use your information. Your privacy When we collect your personal information, we always inform you of your rights and make it easy for you to exercise them. Where possible, we also let you manage your preferences about how much information you choose to share with us, or our partners. © 2023 OneTrust, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Our policies Privacy Cookie Notice Trust Center Transparency Report Legal and Compliance Information Your rights Exercise Your Rights Manage Your Communication Preferences Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are set to provide the service, application or resource requested. Without these cookies, your request cannot be properly delivered. They are usually set to manage actions made by you, such as requesting website visual elements, pages resources or due user login/logoff. We can also use these cookies to set up essential functionalities to guarantee the security and efficiency of the service requested, like authentication and load balancer request. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies are set to provide quantitative measures of website visitors. Information collected with these cookies is used in operations to measure website or software KPIs, such as performance. With the usage of these cookies we are able to count visits and traffic sources to improve the performance of our site and application. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies are set by us or by third party service providers we use to implement additional functionalities or to enhance features and website performance, however they are not directly related with the service you requested. Services and functionalities implemented by these cookies support features like automatic filled text box, live web chat platform, non-necessary forms and optional security parameters like a single sign-on (SSO). Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies are set by our advertising partners to provide behavioral advertising and re-marketing analytical data. They collect any type of browsing information necessary to create profiles and to understand user habits in order to develop an individual and specific advertising routine. The profile created regarding your browsing interest and behavior is used to customize the ads you see when you access other websites. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelOneTrust Ranks #1 in Data Privacy Market Share for 2022 As organizations embrace privacy as a strategic imperative, OneTrust leads in market share for the fourth consecutive year August 08, 2023 OneTrust, the market-defining leader for trust intelligence, today announced it is the top-ranking company for 2022 market share in IDC’s latest Worldwide Data Privacy Compliance Software Market Shares report: OneTrust Continues to Hold Its Large Lead Over the Market . The report, released in May 2023, notes the company represents a 30% market share with twice the nearest competitor’s share. The data privacy management software market saw continued strong growth in 2022 despite market shifts and economic headwinds, according to IDC. “Privacy is a key pillar of the future of trust. Trust is an up-leveling of the security conversation to include attributes such as risk, compliance, privacy, and even business ethics,” said Ryan O’Leary, research director, Privacy and Legal Technology at IDC. “These elements transform the conversation from what “must” a company do to prevent negative outcomes to what “should” a company do.” Today, several key trends are driving the demand for data privacy software: The proliferation of data privacy regulation around the globe means more organizations than ever will need to comply with stricter and wider-reaching requirements for collecting and processing personal data. In the US specifically, five states will be live with new privacy laws in 2023, up from just one in 2022, and several more states have passed new laws.Previously defined frameworks are being updated, such as the European Commission’s final Adequacy Decision for EU-US data transfers. With widespread generative AI adoption, understanding and managing data privacy risks within AI will be essential to promoting responsible AI, complying with AI regulations, and ensuring people’s data and privacy rights remain protected. “The value of understanding your data, where it resides, and how to manage it responsibly cannot be overstated,” said Ojas Rege, GM Privacy & Data Governance Cloud, OneTrust. “This is why data privacy has emerged as a competitive differentiator for our customers, transforming compliance efforts into trust initiatives. As privacy and AI regulation expands and evolves around the globe, OneTrust is the only platform combining the automation and regulatory intelligence organizations need to remain agile amid continuous change. Our sustained market share leadership is a testament to our incredible customers and dedicated team.” According to IDC’s report, data visibility and data management are persistent challenges for companies. Data discovery is fundamental to understanding and managing data, and a foundational exercise for any strong data privacy program. OneTrust Data Discovery is the tool companies use to provide this foundation of visibility and control for any data, privacy, or security team. With AI-powered data classification, built-in regulatory intelligence, and automated policy enforcement, Data Discovery delivers the capabilities enterprises need to automate data security and governance. OneTrust Data Discovery is available on OneTrust's Privacy & Data Governance Cloud, the unified platform for security, marketing, and privacy teams to ensure the responsible use of data throughout their organization. Privacy Management, Data Discovery & Governance, and Consent & Preferences come together to help organizations better understand their data across the business, meet regulatory requirements, and provide transparency and choice to individuals. About OneTrust OneTrust is the trust intelligence cloud platform organizations use to transform trust from an abstract concept into a measurable competitive advantage. Organizations globally use OneTrust to enable the responsible use of data and AI while protecting the privacy rights of individuals, implement and report on their cyber security program, make their social impact goals a reality, and create a speak up culture of trust. Over 14,000 customers use OneTrust's technology, including half of the Global 2,000. OneTrust currently ranks #24 on the Forbes Cloud 100 list of top private cloud companies in the world and employs over 2,000 people in regions across North America, South America, Asia, Europe, and Australia. IDC, Worldwide Data Privacy Compliance Software Market Shares, 2022: OneTrust Continues to Hold Its Large Lead Over the Market, Doc #US50209423, May 2023 IDC, Future of Trust: Data Processing and the Consent Problem, Ryan O'Leary, February 2023 You may also like Clear Filters Webinar GRC & Security Assurance Empowering your cyber defense: Key insights into the latest NIST CSF update Gain insights into the upcoming NIST CSF update and learn how to effectively deploy it across your organization.September 14, 2023 Learn more Webinar Privacy Management India's DPDA: What you need to know In this webinar, legal experts discuss India's newly enacted comprehensive privacy law, the Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2023 ('DPDA') September 12, 2023 Learn more Webinar Privacy Management August Privacy & Data Governance Cloud Demo Webinar See how OneTrust's Privacy & Data Governance Cloud operationalizes regulatory compliance and helps ensure privacy and responsible data use. August 16, 2023 Learn more Your partner in trust transformation Top Searches Trust Center Data Discovery CPRA Training & Certifications Platform Why OneTrust Platform Pricing OneTrust Integrations: The Future of Privacy Management Company About Us Careers Newsroom Centers of Excellence Latest News OneTrust is Named to the 2023 Forbes Cloud 100 OneTrust Makes the Forbes Cloud 100 List OneTrust Ranks #1 in Data Privacy Market Share for 2022 Resources Navigating the ISO 27001 compliance journey eBook Integrating IT, security & third-party risk OneTrust becomes only IT VRM vendor to receive the Gartner Peer Insights™ Customers’ Choice distinction for three years in a row Contact Us Contact Us Request Demo Privacy Matters Our privacy center makes it easy to see how we collect and use your information. Your privacy When we collect your personal information, we always inform you of your rights and make it easy for you to exercise them. Where possible, we also let you manage your preferences about how much information you choose to share with us, or our partners. © 2023 OneTrust, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Our policies Privacy Cookie Notice Trust Center Transparency Report Legal and Compliance Information Your rights Exercise Your Rights Manage Your Communication Preferences Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are set to provide the service, application or resource requested. Without these cookies, your request cannot be properly delivered. They are usually set to manage actions made by you, such as requesting website visual elements, pages resources or due user login/logoff. We can also use these cookies to set up essential functionalities to guarantee the security and efficiency of the service requested, like authentication and load balancer request. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies are set to provide quantitative measures of website visitors. Information collected with these cookies is used in operations to measure website or software KPIs, such as performance. With the usage of these cookies we are able to count visits and traffic sources to improve the performance of our site and application. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies are set by us or by third party service providers we use to implement additional functionalities or to enhance features and website performance, however they are not directly related with the service you requested. Services and functionalities implemented by these cookies support features like automatic filled text box, live web chat platform, non-necessary forms and optional security parameters like a single sign-on (SSO). Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies are set by our advertising partners to provide behavioral advertising and re-marketing analytical data. They collect any type of browsing information necessary to create profiles and to understand user habits in order to develop an individual and specific advertising routine. The profile created regarding your browsing interest and behavior is used to customize the ads you see when you access other websites. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelSimplify US privacy law compliance The current US privacy landscape is complex. Some states have fully enacted comprehensive data privacy laws while others vary in legislation maturity. We’re here to simplify your compliance journey and support you in protecting personal data while building trust with your customers. Request demo Download resource kit How OneTrust supports consumer rights and compliance Explore consumer rights and business requirements across enacted US privacy laws and see how our Privacy and Data Governance Cloud can help. Right to access, correction, deletion and portability Fulfilling consumer requests all starts with having an appropriate intake method for consumers to make requests to access, correct, delete, or transmit their data. Explore the chart below to see which enacted US privacy laws require these rights. Right to access Right to correct Right to delete Right to portability Note: Cells with an ' ' indicate the corresponding law requires that particular right. Processing personal rights requests can be time consuming for the business. OneTrust Privacy Rights Automation expedites the entire DSAR fulfillment process by: Streamlining intake across your different touchpoints Simplifying identity verification and data discovery Automating the redaction and response process Right to opt-out and limit use Organizations that utilize the advertising ecosystem will have to pay particular attention to opt-out requests. Explore the chart below to see which enacted US privacy laws specify opt-out, right to use, and disclosure requirements. Right to opt-out Right to limit use and disclosure Sale Profiling Targeted advertising Sensitive personal information Opt-in required Opt-in required Opt-in required Florida Opt-in required Opt-in required Opt-in required Opt-in required Texas Opt-in required Opt-in required Note: Cells with an ' ' indicate the corresponding law requires that particular right. Our Consent and Preferences solution operationalizes opt-outs by: Automatically identifying third-party trackers Delivering a consumer-first preference center where preferences can be changed at any time and applied across all touchpoints Enforcing opt-outs and processing limitations based on preferences and opt-out requirements Right to notice and transparency All enacted US privacy laws require notice and transparency be provided to those covered under the law. OneTrust Digital Policy Management helps by enabling you to centrally manage policies across digital assets. Schedule automatic website and mobile app scans to trigger policy updates Use pre-built templates and sync the latest updates across your web and app properties Risk assessments All enacted US privacy laws (aside from Iowa and Utah) require formal risk assessments of privacy and/or security projects or procedures. OneTrust PIA & DPIA Automation integrates with your existing business processes, giving you real-time comprehensive risk discovery and actionable insights for risk mitigation. In addition to streamlining the assessment process, our Privacy Management solution also equips you with the tools to improve your privacy program. Privacy awareness training, third-party risk management, and privacy and security incident management are available to unify and optimize your data privacy program activities. You might also like Clear Filters Blog Privacy Management The road to 50 states: Delaware and Oregon join the US privacy landscape Get in-depth analysis on two upcoming US Privacy laws, the Oregon Consumer Privacy Act (OCPA) and the Delaware Personal Data Privacy Act (DPDPA), with OneTrust DataGuidence and a panel of experts. August 10, 2023 Learn more Resource Kit Privacy Management EU-US Data Privacy Framework resource kit Download our EU-US Data Privacy Framework resource kit to better understand the new aggreement for cross-border personal data transfers and how to educate your stakeholders. July 20, 2023 Learn more Resource Kit Privacy & Data Governance US privacy resource kit Download our US privacy resource kit designed to access a range of materials to help you understand how the US privacy landscape is evolving. July 13, 2023 Learn more FAQs We’re here to help demystify US data privacy regulations. Explore answers to frequently asked questions below. Is there a federal US privacy act? Currently, unlike Europe’s GDPR, there isn’t a comprehensive US privacy law. The enactment of the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) on January 1, 2020 marked the first comprehensive US state privacy law aimed to protect consumers’ personal data security. Since then, many states have followed suit with their own privacy legislation. What are the privacy laws in the US? More than 10 states have enacted comprehensive privacy laws. Many others have introduced bills for committee evaluation.In addition to comprehensive state-level laws, the US also has privacy laws that govern specific types of data. For example, HIPAA is a federal law that protects sensitive patient health information and COPPA protects children’s online privacy. Explore the DataGuidance US privacy tracker to learn more about emerging and new laws. What’s the difference between US and EU data privacy laws? The EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) focuses on a person’s right to privacy whereas much of the US legislation focuses on the data security safeguards of consumers and employees. Regardless of whether your business is located in the EU or US, or other countries with data privacy laws, if data is processed across borders, relevant privacy and data protection laws apply. Our Privacy and Data Governance Cloud can simplify how you comply with the various requirements of privacy regulations. Ready to get started? Request a free demo today to see how OneTrust can guide your US privacy compliance journey. Request demo Free trial Your partner in trust transformation Top Searches Trust Center Data Discovery CPRA Training & Certifications Platform Why OneTrust Platform Pricing OneTrust Integrations: The Future of Privacy Management Company About Us Careers Newsroom Centers of Excellence Latest News OneTrust is Named to the 2023 Forbes Cloud 100 OneTrust Makes the Forbes Cloud 100 List OneTrust Ranks #1 in Data Privacy Market Share for 2022 Resources Navigating the ISO 27001 compliance journey eBook Integrating IT, security & third-party risk OneTrust becomes only IT VRM vendor to receive the Gartner Peer Insights™ Customers’ Choice distinction for three years in a row Contact Us Contact Us Request Demo Privacy Matters Our privacy center makes it easy to see how we collect and use your information. Your privacy When we collect your personal information, we always inform you of your rights and make it easy for you to exercise them. Where possible, we also let you manage your preferences about how much information you choose to share with us, or our partners. © 2023 OneTrust, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Our policies Privacy Cookie Notice Trust Center Transparency Report Legal and Compliance Information Your rights Exercise Your Rights Manage Your Communication Preferences Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are set to provide the service, application or resource requested. Without these cookies, your request cannot be properly delivered. They are usually set to manage actions made by you, such as requesting website visual elements, pages resources or due user login/logoff. We can also use these cookies to set up essential functionalities to guarantee the security and efficiency of the service requested, like authentication and load balancer request. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies are set to provide quantitative measures of website visitors. Information collected with these cookies is used in operations to measure website or software KPIs, such as performance. With the usage of these cookies we are able to count visits and traffic sources to improve the performance of our site and application. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies are set by us or by third party service providers we use to implement additional functionalities or to enhance features and website performance, however they are not directly related with the service you requested. Services and functionalities implemented by these cookies support features like automatic filled text box, live web chat platform, non-necessary forms and optional security parameters like a single sign-on (SSO). Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies are set by our advertising partners to provide behavioral advertising and re-marketing analytical data. They collect any type of browsing information necessary to create profiles and to understand user habits in order to develop an individual and specific advertising routine. The profile created regarding your browsing interest and behavior is used to customize the ads you see when you access other websites. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy Overview Here is a quick snapshot of how OneTrust and its affiliates collect, use, disclose and protect your personal information. To learn more about our commitment to privacy you can read our full privacy notice . What Personal Information we collect and why Clear Filters Contact information First Name, Last Name, Email, Job Title, Company To request a demo or trial of our product, register for one of our events, and/or setup a user account. Usage Website Activity, Cookies, Login To enhance customer experience, to prevent and investigate fraudulent or non-authorized activity, and/or to support our marketing efforts. We collect information that you provide to us directly, including contact information, such as first name, last name, e-mail address, job title and company name, as well as other information that could be on your business card (such as your company address and phone number) when you visit our website or talk to us at a conference or other event, or if you are a customer. We use the information you provide to deliver our products and services, to send you some privacy and/or security content that we make available on our website and that you requested, or to get in touch with you about a demo/trial. We also use it to support our marketing efforts, including contacting you to provide additional information on our products and services. For customers, we use it to set up your customer account. We also collect some information automatically: when you visit our website (such as your device’s IP address, what pages your device visited) or when you use our services (usage information, log information and information collected by cookies and other similar technologies). We use information we collect automatically to administer our website and enhance your visitor experience, for our marketing efforts to serve ads across websites, and for security purposes. Read our full privacy notice . With whom we share your Personal Information and why Clear Filters Vendors We work with vendors to perform tasks on our behalf. OneTrust companies To provide 24/7 support to our customers. To support our global marketing activities. Event sponsors Some events will require you to opt-in for us to share your information with our event sponsors. In all instances, you have the right to opt-out at any time. We do not sell personal information for monetary consideration. However, we do share or disclose personal information that could be considered a ‘sale’ under the California Consumer Privacy Act (amended by the California Privacy Rights Act). We may share and disclose information (including personal information) in the following limited circumstances: with vendors who perform tasks on our behalf (these companies include, for example, our payment processing providers, website analytics companies, product feedback or help desk software providers, CRM service providers, and email service providers, event sponsor when you attend an event or webinar organized by OneTrust (such as PrivacyConnect), between OneTrust group companies to provide support globally for purposes consistent with our privacy notice, or in the context of a business transfer. We may share personal information where required by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities. To learn about our policies for handling government and law enforcement requests, visit our Transparency page. Read our full Privacy Notice .We also collect some information automatically: when you visit our website (such as your device’s IP address, what pages your device visited) or when you use our services (usage information, log information and information collected by cookies and other similar technologies). We use information we collect automatically to administer our website and enhance your visitor experience, for our marketing efforts to serve ads across websites, and for security purposes. Read our full privacy notice . What privacy rights you have over your Personal Information Clear Filters Direct marketing Adjust your settings or unsubscribe from marketing communications. Website cookies Change your cookie preferences at any time. Data subject rights Exercise your privacy rights by submitting a data subject request. You can always choose not to disclose information to us, but it may impact your navigation or use of our products and services. Otherwise, you can always update your cookie preferences in our cookie preference center and unsubscribe from our marketing communications by following the “unsubscribe” link in the e-mail we send (that will not unsubscribe you from service-related non-promotional communications if you have an account using our services). Additionally, data subjects located in the EU have certain rights under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).Those rights include, for example, the right to access the personal data we hold about you; the right to rectify inaccurate data; the right to erasure (right to be forgotten) if you want all your personal data deleted from our systems; the right to restriction of processing if you want us to stop processing your personal data; and the right to withdraw consent when you have provided it to us to authorize processing of your personal data. You can exercise those rights by filling out this Web Form directly. Additionally, data subjects who are California residents have specific rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). These rights include: the right to request access to your personal information we hold about you, which includes the right to request specific pieces of personal information; the rights to deletion of your personal information from our systems; and the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. You can exercise those rights by filling out this Web Form directly. You can also exercise your rights by sending an email to: dpo@onetrust.com To learn more about your rights under the CCPA, you can access the CCPA Portal here . Read our full privacy notice . How we secure your Personal Information Clear Filters ISO/IEC 27001:2013 and 27701:2019 Certified OneTrust LLC’s Integrated Management System (IMS) is ISO/IEC 27001:2013 and ISO/IEC 27701:2019 certified. SOC 2 OneTrust, LLC and OneTrust Technology Limited have been audited and received a SOC 2 report addressing the security, confidentiality, and availability of OneTrust’s services. We use appropriate technical, organizational and administrative security measures to protect any information we hold in our records from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Some of those measures include limiting which of our employees have access to the information on a need to know basis or to provide you with our products and services, subjecting our employees to privacy and security training, confidentiality requirements, and conducting security testing on a regular basis. Read our full privacy notice . Full privacy notice For more details, read our complete privacy notice . Questions? Contact our DPO Exercise your rights Your partner in trust transformation Top Searches Trust Center Data Discovery CPRA Training & Certifications Platform Why OneTrust Platform Pricing OneTrust Integrations: The Future of Privacy Management Company About Us Careers Newsroom Centers of Excellence Latest News OneTrust is Named to the 2023 Forbes Cloud 100 OneTrust Makes the Forbes Cloud 100 List OneTrust Ranks #1 in Data Privacy Market Share for 2022 Resources Navigating the ISO 27001 compliance journey eBook Integrating IT, security & third-party risk OneTrust becomes only IT VRM vendor to receive the Gartner Peer Insights™ Customers’ Choice distinction for three years in a row Contact Us Contact Us Request Demo Privacy Matters Our privacy center makes it easy to see how we collect and use your information. Your privacy When we collect your personal information, we always inform you of your rights and make it easy for you to exercise them. Where possible, we also let you manage your preferences about how much information you choose to share with us, or our partners. © 2023 OneTrust, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Our policies Privacy Cookie Notice Trust Center Transparency Report Legal and Compliance Information Your rights Exercise Your Rights Manage Your Communication Preferences Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are set to provide the service, application or resource requested. Without these cookies, your request cannot be properly delivered. They are usually set to manage actions made by you, such as requesting website visual elements, pages resources or due user login/logoff. We can also use these cookies to set up essential functionalities to guarantee the security and efficiency of the service requested, like authentication and load balancer request. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies are set to provide quantitative measures of website visitors. Information collected with these cookies is used in operations to measure website or software KPIs, such as performance. With the usage of these cookies we are able to count visits and traffic sources to improve the performance of our site and application. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies are set by us or by third party service providers we use to implement additional functionalities or to enhance features and website performance, however they are not directly related with the service you requested.Services and functionalities implemented by these cookies support features like automatic filled text box, live web chat platform, non-necessary forms and optional security parameters like a single sign-on (SSO). Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies are set by our advertising partners to provide behavioral advertising and re-marketing analytical data. They collect any type of browsing information necessary to create profiles and to understand user habits in order to develop an individual and specific advertising routine. The profile created regarding your browsing interest and behavior is used to customize the ads you see when you access other websites. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label