Necessary (17) Preferences (3) Statistics (27) Marketing (74) Order All-in-1 Internet and TV Internet and Calling Internet Assemble yourself Advantageous packages Internet Fiber optic internet DSL internet Wi-Fi Safe Internet Speed ​​test Everything about the Internet TV Interactive TV TV App ESPN Complete Movies & Series Channel overview Everything about TV Additional TV Entertainment Ziggo Sports Total Movie1 Video On Demand Other calling packages To compare Compare all providers Compare Ziggo and Online.nl Compare KPN and Online.nl Compare T-Mobile Home and Online.nl Questions about Internet and Wi-Fi Television To call Administration More Customer Service Much sought after to install Manuals / Downloads Note & Payment Wifi tips Step by step solution Other Smart TVs and TV App Mechanics Change To move house Messages / malfunctions My Online.nl login Forgot your password What you can arrange yourself Find... Order My Online.nl Login My Online.nl Login Menu Menu Webmail Privacy statement Privacy statement Read everything at your leisure? Download the Online.nl Privacy Statement (pdf) via the button below: Cookies We use cookies to help you as well as possible. If you disable or refuse them, it is possible that some parts of this website will no longer work properly. Knowing more? Then read on below. Disclaimer Download the Online.nl Disclaimer (pdf) via the button below: Questions, comments or complaints Online.nl attaches great importance to the careful handling of your personal data. If you have questions that have not been answered in this privacy statement, if you have suggestions or comments about its content, or if you have complaints about the way Online.nl has handled your personal data, you can let us know by send an e-mail to privacystatement@online.nl. In this way, Online.nl can prevent problems or concerns from persisting. We promise you that we will handle your questions, comments or complaints carefully and confidentially. Most Wanted 0 Chat Today Hi! Welcome to Online.nl🙂 Are you already a customer of Online.nl or have you ever been a customer? Yes No, I want to become a customer of Online.nl Yes No, I want to become a customer of Online.nl In order to provide you with the best possible service, we ask you to log in with your Online.nl login details Your login is the same as the email address you used to sign up for Canal Digital. Do you remember that email address? Yes No, I want to become a customer of Online.nl In order to provide you with the best possible service, we ask you to log in with your Online.nl login details Nice of you to come and see us! Please enter a valid email address Our partners Packages All-in-1 Internet and TV Internet Package overview Service Internet and Wi-Fi Television To call Administration Online.nl About us Press Dealers Contact Other Internet speed test Blog TV App To the Shop © 1994 - 2023 Canal+ Luxembourg S. à r.l. - All rights reserved. Online.nl ® is a trademark used under license by Canal+ Luxembourg S. à r.l. Registered office: Rue Albert Borschette 4, L-1246 Luxembourg R.C.S. Luxembourg : B 87.905 Tariffs Privacy and Disclaimer Conditions Facebook Instagram Twitter Type at least 2 characters to start searching... Very complete Internet & TV A wide range of TV channels as standard. Includes free ESPN Complete (4 channels), live and on demand Movies & Series, including everything from Film1, Canal+ and Lionsgate+. Fiber optic Switch to super fast and stable fiber optic internet? Check the best offer at your address! Wifi-Extra Standard a powerful WiFi modem with built-in mesh technology. With WiFi Extra you get the best out of your WiFi range!. Reports and malfunctions Here you will find current reports and malfunctions. Also try our step-by-step solutions. Contact us Do you have a question? Chat, call, or send a message through one of our social media channels. Internet, TV and calling installation Here we explain step by step how you can best approach the installation of internet, TV and calling. Internet and Wi-Fi A reliable and stable Wi-Fi connection with Wi-Fi Extra throughout the house. Television Trouble watching TV? We help you with solutions. Questions about internet, TV or calling? Did you know that you can often come up with a solution step by step yourself?