My Pages Menu Have the "TikTok chat" with your child... and avoid them getting caught up in dangerous trends, spending loads of money or being bullied. You are probably not alone in being skeptical about your child using TikTok. Recently, the popular app has been in trouble, largely due to the fear of misuse of user data. But getting it to stop and use TikTok can be easier said than done. Nor has concrete evidence been presented for many of the accusations against the platform, and it does not appear that it is more malicious than, for example, Facebook when it comes to data collection. Nevertheless: It's a good idea to talk to young people about how they use TikTok, so that they avoid encountering unpleasant experiences - you should simply have the "TikTok chat". How to take the "TikTok chat" In the app, you can turn on several filters (more on them later), but it is important to keep in mind that these are never completely safe - the child can still be exposed to inappropriate content. Limiting the interaction options will also affect the user experience. That's why it's a good idea to go through the settings together with the children, and talk to them about smart use of the app. The babysitter has several points of conversation that are well suited as a starting point for the "TikTok chat": Talk about the Not interested button. This can be found by pressing the arrow next to the videos, and causes less content of the same type to appear in the child's view. Encourage children to avoid and share sensitive information such as passwords, names, addresses and the like. Teach children about the necessity of consent for to publish videos and pictures of others. Have rules for which Challenges the children can perform. Such challenges are shared in the user community for better or worse - some are fun and harmless, others can have negative consequences Talk about possible money problems. TikTok has a feature that allows celebrities to receive payment in the form of "digital stickers". These are bought for real money. The reward is that the celebrity follows the user account, or says the username out loud in a live broadcast. Therefore, agree with the child about rules for spending money in the app. Link your accounts It's also a good idea to take a look at the privacy and security settings. Both Nettvett and Barnevakten have good tips on how you can make the TikTok experience safer for children and young people. TikTok allows you to connect your user account to your child's, so-called Family Pairing. This way you can adjust the settings for your child's account from your own mobile. This means that you yourself must have a TikTok account, and thus the service can potentially collect data about your mobile as well. In the settings you will find a menu option for privacy and security. "Hide" the child's account If you go to Settings (the symbol with three dots) and Privacy and Safety in TikTok, you have the option to "hide" your child's account. When the Private Account switch is activated, anyone who wants to have access to what you publish must be approved by you. Allow Others to Find Me prevents the user account from appearing as a suggestion for others. They can still search for the account, as long as they know the username. If you activate a Private account, everyone who wants to see your videos must be approved by you. You can also choose not to suggest your account to other users. You can also choose to turn off the app adapting advertising according to usage patterns. You do this by pressing Personalization and Data. Note that this does not block the app from collecting data, but it does prevent the ads from targeting the child. In the menu options under Personalization and data, you can turn off targeted ads. Further down you will find several options that limit the interaction with other users. Although much of the fun of TikTok lies in the interaction between people from all over the world, there is a risk of harassment and bullying. You can prevent this by turning off comment fields and direct messages, as well as defining who the child can make a so-called "duet" with - that is, adding their own elements to videos made by others. By clicking on each menu option, you can choose to turn this completely off (Off), that only those you have added as friends can interact with the account (Friends) or that everyone can (Everyone). Current affairs at Online.no How dangerous is it really to have TikTok on your mobile phone? UNICEF: Norwegian 12-year-olds have an average of 1,165 pictures of themselves online Children's mobile use: This is what parents are most worried about Now you can surf safer on wireless networks Customer service Call us on 915 09000 Opening hours: Mon-Friday 08-20 Saturday 09-17 Sunday 10-15 About Online © 1855-2023 Telenor ASA {{opt_in}} {{opt_out}} We use cookies! Accept all cookies or change settings?