OPTIMUM PRIVACY POLICY Optimum (“we,” “our,” or “us”) cares about and is committed to protecting the privacy of our Customers’ and Website Users’ personal information. Optimum has drafted this privacy policy (this “Privacy Policy”) to explain how we collect, maintain, use, disclose and protect personal information. This Privacy Policy also details the various rights and choices you may have when it comes to your personal information, including state-specific rights for California and Connecticut residents. WHEN THIS PRIVACY POLICY APPLIES . This Privacy Policy applies to the information we collect when you use or access Optimum-branded Services, including our residential and business cable television services, Internet services and voice services (such as Optimum Phone and Optimum Mobile). This Privacy Policy also covers our privacy practices with respect to visitors to our websites located at www.optimum.com or www.optimum.net (each, a "Website" and, jointly, the "Websites"). It also applies to the information we collect about you from third parties. Because this Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices for all of our Optimum Services, some parts may not apply to you. This Privacy Policy does not apply to our other brands, such as Cheddar, i24News, News12, a4 and RateMyProfessors, and the data practices of Optimum entities with respect to the operation or provision or services under those brands. It also does not apply to non-Optimum products, services, websites, and mobile applications that you may access or use through the Optimum Services. DEFINITIONS . This is what we mean when we use the following terms in this Privacy Policy:“Optimum” refers to CSC Holdings, LLC, and its parents, subsidiaries and affiliates, including Altice USA, Inc., Cequel Communications, CSC Wireless LLC, and CSC Wireless NY, LLC.Services” means the Optimum-branded residential and business services provided using our cable system, including our cable television (“TV”) services, Internet services, voice over Internet protocol (“VoIP”) phone services, and mobile phone services, our related products and platforms (such as Optimum Stream), our support services (such as Service Protection), and our Apps. “Apps” means the applications available for use by Optimum Customers, including the Optimum app, Optimum Support app, Optimum TV app and Optimum TV skill.“Customer” means a customer of any Optimum Service.“User” means a visitor to a Website.“Information” means the information we collect about you and your use of the Services or Websites. It includes information you provide to us, information we collect when you use the Services or Websites, and information provided to us by third parties. Depending on how it is used or disclosed, some Information can be Personal Information or De-identified Information, as those terms are defined below. “Personal Information” Personal Information means information that directly identifies or can reasonably be used to identify a particular individual (for example, email address). Personal Information does not include publicly available information, aggregate data or De-identified Information Some states in which we offer services, including California and Connecticut, have laws with their own definitions of personal information or personal data and separate requirements relating to the collection, use and disclosure of that information. Details regarding our compliance with these laws are provided in the Additional State Privacy Rights section below. “De-identified Information” or “Anonymous Information” is information that does not directly identify and cannot be reasonably linked to a particular individual. We treat IP addresses and other unique identifiers – such as cookie IDs, advertising IDs, device IDs and household IDs – as De-identified Information when they cannot reasonably be used to identify a particular individual.“Device Identifiable Information” or “DII” is a type of De-identified Information that directly identifies or can reasonably be used to identify a specific browser, device, or group of devices, but doesn’t directly identify and cannot reasonably be used to identify a specific individual. “Financial Information” means information related to your financial relationship with us, including your credit card or banking information, your Social Security Number, payment history, and credit history.“First Party Advertising” is advertising or marketing communications for our products and services, including those offered under the Optimum, News12, RateMyProfessors and Cheddar brands.“Service Providers” means third party vendor(s) that perform services on our behalf in connection with the offering, operation and provision of the Services or other legitimate business activities, for example, fraud prevention, payment processing, billing, shipping, e-commerce, customer service, analytics, and marketing services.“Targeted Advertising” is advertising delivered to specific audiences or consumers based on attributes such as viewing behavior, websites visited, demographic data, interests, geolocation and/or inferences or predictions regarding likely interest in the advertisement. Targeted Advertising can be either First Party Advertising or Third Party Advertising.“Third Party Advertising” is advertising or marketing communications for a third party (including, for example, for non-Optimum products and services). Information We Collect and How We Collect It . When you visit one of our Websites or subscribe to and use our Services (including our Apps), Optimum collects certain types of information about you, as described and illustrated below. We may collect this information directly from you when you provide it to us, automatically when you use a Service, from third parties, or on one of our Websites. Information You Provide To Us . When you sign up for service, purchase a product or service, create an account, call, text or email us, use online account tools (for instance, when you chat online with an agent or log into your account on a Website, complete customer surveys, fill out a form on a Website, or otherwise communicate with us, we collect the Information you provide to us, which may include Personal Information, such as: your name and contact information, such as, service address, billing address, work address, email address, phone numbers;credit card number, bank account number or other Financial Information (including payment card information, banking information);government identification, including personal identifiers, such as date of birth, social security number or driver's license number;passwords and other information you provide to authenticate your access to the Services; records of correspondence and other communications, including recordings of calls or online chats with our customer service, technical support or sales agents; andinformation you provide when you establish customer settings or preferences on your account or respond to customer satisfaction or other surveys.We may also access and use Information you provided to us previously in connection with the provision of other services. For example, if you are an existing Optimum TV, Internet and/or VoIP customer and then sign up for Optimum mobile service, we may access and use your Information to supplement the information we collect from you in connection with the mobile service. Information We Collect When You Use the Services . As part of our normal course of business, we generate and collect Information about your account and use of the Services in order to provide our Services, to detect unauthorized reception of our Services, and for other purposes described in Section 3 below. The Information we collect may include: Billing and Account Information . We collect and generate Information such as account number, billing and payment history, types of Services to which you subscribe or products you purchase, email addresses we assign to you, your maintenance and repair history, and the kind, location, configuration, and device identifiers, MAC and IP addresses of equipment (including TV sets, set-top boxes, CableCARDs, modems, telephones, tablets, smart speakers, and other IP enabled devices) connected to our facilities. TV Services . If you are a Optimum TV customer, we may also automatically collect information about your use of our systems, such as changing your television channel, reviewing listings in an electronic program guide, using your remote, interacting with your DVR, ordering or viewing on-demand programming, engaging in other interactive programming features, or when using an App (such as audio files when using voice-based search) or other similar IP enabled device applications. Internet Services . If you are an Internet customer, we may automatically collect and associate with your account certain information concerning your use of our Internet service, such as the IP address(es) assigned, MAC addresses of equipment that is used, bandwidth used, system and connection performance, browsers used, dates and times of access, and Internet resource requests. We also collect usage statistics and network traffic data and geolocation information. Mobile Services . If you are a Mobile customer, Optimum and our Service Providers automatically collect Network and Device Information and Performance and Diagnostic Data when you use the Mobile Service. “Network and Device Information” is information about the operation of the services and applications you use on the Mobile Service network, which includes wireless device location, number of text messages sent and received, voice minutes used, bandwidth used, resources you use when uploading, downloading, or streaming data to and from the internet, and information about the websites you visit and applications you use when using the Mobile Service network.Network and Device Information also includes IP address, device IDs (including MAC ID and other identifiers), device types, device status, device serial numbers, and information about the settings, configurations, and software on your device. “Performance and Diagnostic Data” means performance and diagnostic data about your use of our network, networks you roam on, WiFi services or your performance information about your mobile device. For example, we may collect information about signal strength, dropped calls, data failures, battery strength, and other device or network performance issues. We may also collect information about applications on your device, such as the fact that an application has been added, when an application is launched or fails to launch, and the length of time an application has been running. Note: Other companies, like the manufacturer of your mobile device, the provider of the operating system on your device, and providers of mobile applications installed on your device, may also be able to access and collect Information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the information collected by those third parties and we encourage you to read their respective privacy policies. CPNI . If you are a VoIP or Mobile phone customer, we collect subscriber list information, which is limited to your name, address and telephone number. We also collect information about the quantity, technical configuration, type, destination, location, and amount of your use of the phone service and information contained on your telephone bill concerning the type of phone services and features you receive. That information, when matched to your name, address, and telephone number, is known as customer proprietary network information or “CPNI.” CPNI does not include subscriber list information by itself. See Section 8.b below for more information on the Special Rules for CPNI Data. Location Information . We may collect Information from the devices you use to access the Services that tells us where you are at a given point in time. For example, we may know that you are at home when you chat with an online agent on a Website. Or, if you use the Mobile service, location information may be available when your device communicates with cell towers, WIFi routers, access points, and/or with technologies used by the Global Positioning System. App Information . When you use our Apps, we may collect application usage information, as well as records of the kind, location, configuration, device identifiers, MAC, and IP addresses of equipment utilized in association with the Apps. We may also collect App-specific information as described in more detail in the short form App Privacy Notice which is incorporated into this Privacy Policy. For example, if you use the Optimum TV App or Optimum Skill, we may automatically collect the TV Services information described above. Information Provided by Other Sources . Sometimes, we may obtain additional Information from publicly available sources such as research consultants, data service providers, credit reporting agencies, and marketing firms to supplement the Information we collect from you. We may combine this Information with Information that we collect from you. We may also obtain Information from our business partners and/or their service providers or clients to assist with data collection, reporting and ad response measurement, as well as to assist with delivering and analyzing the performance of relevant marketing messages and advertisements. The types of Information that we may receive from third parties includes, but is not limited to demographic data (including, but not limited to gender or age range) and interest data (including, but not limited to demonstrated interest in or interaction with a particular product/website). The demographic data we receive can include information regarding ethnicity and religious beliefs, which some states, including California and Connecticut, consider to be sensitive personal information. Our collection and use of this type of data for residents of those states is discussed in the Additional State Privacy Rights section below. We may also obtain credit information about you from outside credit reporting agencies to help us with customer authentication, fraud prevention and credit-related decisions. Information Automatically Collected on Websites : When a User visits one of our Websites we may collect their Information in the following ways: Cookies . We and our Service Providers use “cookies” to collect information about your visit to our Website and to manage information concerning your preferences. A cookie is a small encrypted computer code added to a file on your computer as a record of your visit. It does not collect or provide your name or any other personal information about you.It can, however, be used by the Website to note information about your visit, such as your type of web browser, operating system and IP address, to better tailor the Website for you. It can also be used to recognize you when you return as a repeat visitor. You can control what cookies are accepted by your computer through the settings on your web browser or by deleting them from your computer. Doing so, however, may limit the personalization available to you. Clear GIFs . We and/or our Service Providers may use clear GIFs (also known as “web beacons,” “Internet tags,” or “pixel tags”). These are lines of code that allow websites to summarize overall visitor usage patterns and to provide personalized services. We may use clear GIFs to track visitor preferences or to gather aggregated information about visitor usage patterns. We do not use clear GIFs to collect Users’ Personal Information. Passive Automatic Electronic Collection . We and/or our service providers collect and log information automatically when a User visits one of our Websites. For example, we collect your IP address, the name and location of your Internet service provider, the type and version of your browser, the length of time you visit the Website, your search queries on the Website, and the average number of pages you viewed. We use this log information for systems administration purposes and for technical troubleshooting. We may also use it to gather general demographic information about you, such as your general location. Information Collected From Minors . Our Services and Websites are not directed at, or intended for use by, minors under the age of 18 and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from anyone under the age of 18. Children should always get permission from a parent or guardian before sending personal information over the Internet. If you believe your child may have provided us with personal information, you can contact us and request that we delete the information. You can find more information about protecting children's privacy by contacting the FTC or viewing its website at www.ftc.gov or by visiting our website at http://www.Optimum.com/netsafety. How We Use Your Information . We use the Information we collect for legitimate business activities, including: to provide and improve our Services; to communicate with you; to generate De-identified Information, and for advertising, marketing and recommendations purposes. To Provide and Improve Our Services . We use the Information we collect, including Personal Information, to conduct business activities such as account administration, service provisioning, operations, billings and collections, marketing, analytics, customer service, technical support, network performance management, and fraud prevention. These purposes may specifically include: establishing your account;measuring credit and payment risk;facilitating billing and collections functions and obligations (including any reporting to credit bureaus or collection agencies to obtain payment for our billed products and services);authenticating access to your account;account administration;service delivery and optimization;maintenance and operations, including management of the network and devices supporting our service and our systems; technical support;hardware and software upgrades for devices and systems;understanding the use of the Services;improving our Website and Services and identifying and developing new features, products and services;providing you with programming, services and advertising that are of enhanced value and interest to you;customer service, including processing and responding to your inquiries and troubleshooting;internal analytics and reporting; protecting our rights, personnel and property;detecting the unauthorized reception, use or abuse of any Service and to protect our subscribers from fraudulent, abusive or unlawful use of, of subscription to, any Service;enforcing our legal rights, including under the Residential General Terms and Conditions of Service , Business General Terms and Conditions of Service , or Optimum Mobile Customer Service Agreement (as applicable); and complying with applicable law. To Communicate With You . We use the Information we collect to deliver and personalize our communications with you. For example, we may use the Personal Information you provide us to inform you of Service updates or the status of a service request or outages, as well as to invite you to participate in a survey, to collect amounts you owe, or in connection with other activities related to the Services or your account. To Generate De-identified Information .We may use Customers’ Personal Information to generate De-identified Information that cannot be reasonably linked to the Customer individually.Subject to Section 8 below, our collection, use, and disclosure of De-identified Information is subject to our discretion and is not subject to any of the restrictions in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may use De-identified Information for purposes such as measurement of viewership of programming and advertising, creation of tuning and viewing cohorts or segmentations, providing targeted content for our services or facilitating delivery of relevant third party advertising/promotional messages through our Services and on third party websites and other platforms. However, we do provide you with the choice to opt out of the use of your De-identified Information to facilitate Targeted Third Party Advertising (see Section 5.c below). To Provide Advertising, Marketing and Recommendations . Subject to Section 8.b , we use the Information we collect about Customers and their use of the TV and Internet Services and cable system to make program and content recommendations, to send promotional communications about the Services or other Optimum product and service offerings, and for other First Party Advertising and Third Party Advertising purposes. These promotional communications and advertisements may be directed to you because you subscribe to these Services, because of the way you use these Services, or because you live in a certain geographic area, or may be based on demographic and interest information that we collect or obtain from other sources. For example, we may use Information to facilitate the display of First Party Advertising to you on other websites, mobile applications and devices. When we do this, we may provide Service Providers with access to certain Personal Information in order to facilitate the creation of de-identified audiences (for example, based on IP address, cookie ID, device ID or other persistent identifiers) and the placement of Targeted First Party Advertising. We may also use information collected from Website Users, such as IP address, to facilitate the display of First Party Advertising to those Users on other websites, mobile applications or devices. If you are a TV or internet subscriber, we may also use Service Providers to create similar audiences based in part on de-identified viewing or usage data, de-identified demographic or interest data, and/or the IP address(es) we assign to facilitate the sending of Targeted Third Party Advertising that we think may be of interest to you. When we do so, we maintain and use the information in de-identified form, take reasonable measures to ensure that it cannot be associated with a Customer, and do not attempt to reidentify the information except as permitted under applicable law. Our sharing of information to facilitate Targeted Third Party Advertising is described in Sections 4.b and 4.c below. You can opt out of certain marketing messages as outlined in Section 6 below. CPNI Data . Our use of VoIP and Mobile phone Customers’ CPNI data is limited as described in Section 8.b below. Geolocation Data . We use service address, device and/or access point location data for a variety of purposes, including to facilitate emergency services, provide our services and our location-based applications and services. Where we offer our own location-based applications, we provide you with notice and choice about whether specific location-tracking features available on your device are turned on. Many types of wireless applications and services use device location data, including applications provided by other companies and wireless device operating systems. When you are considering new third party applications or services, you should carefully review the location-based services' or application providers' privacy policies to learn how they collect and use your information. For Mobile customers, if your device is turned on, our network is collecting Location Data about the device location. We may use, provide access to, or disclose Location Data without your approval to provide and support the Mobile Service, including to route wireless communications, operate and improve our network and business, detect and prevent fraud, provide emergency responders information about how to find you when you call 911, or as required by law or emergency. Depending on your device, you may be able to obtain services (such as mapping or ride-sharing service) that use the Location Data of your device. These services, referred to as Location-Based Services (“LBS”), are generally provided by third parties in connection with apps or websites. Third party LBS providers generally use your device operating system’s location capabilities, which can determine location independent of our network, to derive device location. We do not disclose network location data with third party LBS providers for their LBS.It is important that you understand the location capabilities and settings of your device and the privacy policies and terms under which third party LBS are provided. WHEN AND TO WHOM WE DISCLOSE INFORMATION. . General Disclosure Policy . Except as set forth below, Optimum will not disclose Customers’ Personal Information to a third party unless it is necessary for us to render our Services or conduct a legitimate business activity related to the Services we provide to you, or the Customer provides appropriate consent in advance. We do not sell information that personally identifies our Customers, including their internet usage information, video usage information or call detail records, to third parties for their own use, such as marketing or advertising of their own products and services. Service Providers . We sometimes provide access to Information, including Personal Information, to Service Providers to assist us in providing Services or for other legitimate business purposes, including those described in Section 3.a . For example, we may provide access to certain Information to companies providing services to us, including installation and repair, billing, call center, sales and marketing, market research, fulfilment, mailings, data storage, data scrubbing, data analytics and processing, bill collection, auditing and accounting, credit reporting, and legal services. We may also provide access to third party data service providers who assist us in facilitating or providing Targeted Advertising by generating De-identified Information based on your Personal Information. These Service Providers are authorized to use your Personal Information only as necessary to provide these services on our behalf. We may also disclose Personal Information to credit reporting agencies. When you purchase a device from us for use in connection with the Mobile Service we may disclose your Personal Information and Financial Information with trusted Service Providers involved in fraud prevention in order to verify the authenticity of your transaction. Transactions detected as being potentially fraudulent may be further reviewed or declined. Optimum Affiliated Businesses . We may disclose Information, including Personal Information, with Optimum affiliates that assist us in providing Services, Optimum or that offer products and services under other brands, such as Cheddar, News12, i24 News or RatemyProfessors. We do this either to provide and improve our Services as described in Section 3.a above or to better enable those affiliates to provide their products and services to you. We may also disclose your information with other Optimum affiliates for First Party Marketing purposes, provided that any required consent (such as with respect to the use of CPNI data) is obtained. We may also disclose Customer and Website User Information, including Personal Information, with a successor company or other Optimum entities in the event of a merger, acquisition or sale of all, or components of, our business. Our advertising business affiliates, including a4, Juice Media and New York Interconnect, work with third party advertisers to run cross-platform (tv, computer, tablet, mobile device) Targeted Advertising campaigns. We may disclose De-identified Information, including device IDs, IP addresses or other unique IDs, with these affiliates to facilitate the creation of audience segments to receive this Targeted Third Party Advertising and for other advertising and marketing purposes. Account Owners and Users . We may disclose any information about a Customer’s accounts and use of the Services and their features to the primary account owner after appropriate authentication. The primary account owner may also authorize other users to access information on the account, and that may include data about you and your use of the Services. Third Party Carriers . If you are a Mobile subscriber roaming on the network of another wireless carrier or WiFi service provider, your wireless telephone number, your location, the numbers you dial, and other information about your usage will be available to that carrier to facilitate that service. Mailing List Information . If you subscribe to a non-voice Service offered over our cable system (e.g., TV or Internet), we may rely on a special provision of law that allows us to disclose mailing-list information about you to marketing organizations, programmers and other businesses. Mailing-list information includes your name, addresses, and the non-voice services to which you subscribe (for example, basic tier, HBO). You can opt-out of our disclosure of mailing list information as described in Section 6.e below. CPNI and Subscriber List Information . If you subscribe to our VoIP or Mobile phone services, applicable regulations allow us to disclose subscriber list information.For example, we may give your name, address, and number to organizations who publish phone directories or who provide 411 services or similar public services. We may transmit your name and number so that the person you call can see such information on his or her Caller ID. Certain procedures allow you to block transmission of Caller ID information. You may contact us to obtain additional information about these procedures. We may also transmit your name, number, and registered location to a public safety answering point ("PSAP") when you dial 911 for emergency services. Disclosure of CPNI data is subject to additional specific limitations, as described in Section 8.b below . Authorized Parties With Your Consent . We may disclose Personal Information about you to third parties with your consent. We may obtain your consent through a variety of channels, such as in writing, online, on your phone, when you agree to terms of service, in our stores, or implicitly, for example, when you purchase a product and ask that it be shipped to your home, thereby consenting to our disclosure of your name and address to a third party shipping company to complete delivery. Consent may also be obtained when you purchase additional services or features of Optimum Services that are provided via third parties. Third Parties for Marketing Purposes . We do not and will not sell, license or rent Customers’ or Website Users’ Personal Information to unaffiliated third parties without the required consent to do so. We or our advertising business affiliates may provide De-identified Information (which may include information about viewing habits, demographic data, geolocation and system interaction) to third party advertisers, programmers audience measurement and research firms to provide more relevant programming, advertising and features, to improve the Services, to provide you with information or offers about products or services we believe may be of interest to you, or to assist third parties with media, programming and content planning, and purchasing efforts. We may also disclose De-identified Information or aggregate Information with third parties for other uses of their own provided they commit not to re-identify the information. Note: Data obtained through the Optimum Text Alert Notifications program will not be disclosed with any third parties for their marketing reasons/purposes. When Required by Law or to Protect Optimum or Others . You agree that we may access, preserve and disclose your Information, including your Personal Information, your account information and content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to:comply with legal process;enforce our Terms of Service, Privacy Policies, or other contracts with you;respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; respond to your requests for customer service;respond to inquiries from government agencies regarding customer-initiated complaints provided to such agencies; orprotect the rights, property or personal safety of Optimum, its agents and affiliates, its users and the public.We may also disclose information to law enforcement agencies in emergency circumstances, where the disclosure of such information is consistent with the types of emergency disclosures permitted or required by law. We are required by law to report any evidence we may become aware of relating to violations of laws concerning child exploitation. In some areas we provide home security services, including video surveillance services. We provide information to emergency responders for purposes of providing this service. As a part of these services, we may record and store video at your direction and for your use. Our employees and agents have access to recorded video, and they may view that video during installation, while troubleshooting, when performing maintenance, and/or during emergency situations (as determined by us in our reasonable discretion). Consistent with the requirements found in the Cable Communications Policy Act of 1984 (" Cable Act "), the Electronic Communications Privacy Act (" ECPA "), the Digital Millennium Copyright (" DMCA ") and other federal laws, we may disclose information to representatives of government or other authorized persons. A private party may also use a subpoena under the DMCA to require our disclosure of a subscriber's information when the party believes the subscriber has infringed on the copyright of such party. Upon receipt of the subpoena, we are required to identify the alleged infringer, without any notice to such subscriber. HOW LONG WE KEEP INFORMATION . We generally keep some or all Customer and User Information for as long as necessary for the purpose(s) for which it was collected or other business, tax or legal purposes.When information is no longer needed or required to be maintained, we destroy or de-identify it in accordance with our internal policies. If you are a resident of California or Connecticut, you have the right to request the deletion of the personal information we collect from you subject to certain exceptions as described in the Additional State Privacy Rights section below. CHOICES YOU HAVE TO LIMIT USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION. . Marketing Communications . We may send you marketing communications about Optimum products or services. We allow you to limit or opt-out of some types of marketing communications. For example, you may choose not to receive promotional or marketing telephone calls or postal mailings regarding our Services by contacting us at 888-822-5151 or email Research-and-Support@AlticeUSA.com for placement on our “Do Not Call” list or “Do Not Mail” list. Please note, any requests to be placed on the "Do Not Mail" list will only be effective for the 12-month period following such request. If you wish to continue to remain on the “Do Not Mail” list, you will need to make another request upon the expiration of the previous request. Please also note, “Do Not Call” and “Do Not Mail” requests may take up to thirty (30) days to become effective. Interest Based First Party Advertising . Some advertising that you see on the internet or in mobile applications on your devices are tailored to your interests and based on your activity online or in the mobile applications. If you do not wish to receive interest based ads for our products and services on other websites or mobile applications, you may opt out of most such advertising by going to the following websites operated by industry trade and self-regulatory organizations: http://networkadvertising.org/choices (operated by the Network Advertising Initiative) or http://www.aboutads.info (operated by the Digital Advertising Alliance). Targeted Third Party Advertising . We offer our Customers a choice as to whether they wish to receive Targeted Third Party Advertising based on their Information or use of the Services as described in Section 3.d . You can exercise this choice by logging into http://optimum.net/privacy-preferences . Please note, your choice may not take effect immediately and does not retroactively apply to existing advertising/promotional messages or campaigns. TV Recommendations . We offer our TV customers the opportunity to restrict the use of program and content recommendations in association with certain Optimum services, including our recommendations features and functions, by visiting http://optimum.net/privacy-preferences . Mailing List Information . If you do not want us to disclose mailing list information, please contact us at Research-and-Support@AlticeUSA.com or 888-822-5151. After your opt-out takes effect, we will limit our disclosures of your mailing list information to the other disclosures described in this Privacy Policy, which are permitted by other provisions of law. How We Secure Your Information . We employ physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect Customers’ Information. For example, we utilize secure socket layer (SSL) encryption to protect certain information you provide to us; employ verification measures to protect e-mail during delivery; maintain certain Customer databases in restricted areas; and secure the content by use of firewalls and other security methods. We also limit access to databases containing Customers' Personal Information to specifically authorized employees and agents and other parties identified in Section 4 above. Despite these measures, we do not guarantee the security of information stored in our databases or that unauthorized parties will not intercept information you send or receive over the Internet. As a shared resource, the Internet subjects our services and you to the risk of unauthorized access to files and data, even when security measures are implemented. If you use the Optimum Internet service to send, receive or post personal or confidential information, you do so at your own risk. Since we cannot control websites or Internet services operated by third parties that you may visit through use of our Services, we recommend that you review the terms of service and privacy policies of those websites and services. SPECIAL RULES AND RIGHTS UNDER FEDERAL LAW . Cable Act and Personal Information. The Cable Act imposes limitations with respect to the collection and disclosure of certain Personal Information by cable operators, unless you provide us consent to collect or disclose information in another fashion, such as by accepting this Privacy Policy as part of the sign-up process for our Services.Generally speaking, cable operators may not use the cable system to collect personal information concerning Customers without their prior consent except to obtain information necessary to render our cable service or other services to our Customers or to detect unauthorized reception of cable communications. In addition, subject to certain specified exceptions, cable operators generally may not disclose personal information without consent of the subscriber concerned. Also, cable operators must take such actions as are necessary to prevent unauthorized access to such information by a person other than the subscriber or cable operator. If we violate your rights, you may be entitled to bring a civil action in a federal court, which may award actual, liquidated, and punitive damages, fees and costs, and other remedies that may be available. In addition, if anyone asks us to provide information about you, we may have to notify you, and you may have the right to appear in court. Communications Act and CPNI . Under federal law, you have a right as a VoIP or Mobile phone Customer, and we have a duty, to protect the confidentiality of your CPNI data, including but not limited to, information such as the phone numbers you call; the frequency, duration, and timing of calls; the location of your mobile device when it is in active mode (i.e., able to signal its location to nearby network facilities); billing information; and any services you have purchased. We restrict access to your CPNI. For example, Optimum Mobile and Phone call detail records, which contain information about the calls you make are available online, but cannot be accessed without an Optimum ID and password. All other CPNI is similarly restricted by requiring a password and/or by requiring that you provide certain non-public verification information over the phone to confirm your identity. A written request may also be used to obtain your CPNI. You must send the written request to Optimum at 1111 Stewart Ave., Bethpage, NY 11714, Attn. hared Services - CDR. All requests will be verified. Optimum also restricts the use of your CPNI. Unless we have your appropriate consent, Optimum does not disclose your CPNI to non-affiliates for marketing purposes. We may, however, use telephone CPNI or disclose de-identified information to tailor your service and to market related Optimum Phone products and services to you. ADDITIONAL STATE PRIVACY RIGHTS. Below we include certain disclosures and additional rights that may apply to Information under applicable state data protection laws. If you are a resident of such state, please review the applicable section below in addition to our entire Privacy Policy. 9.1. CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS: NOTICE OF PRIVACY RIGHTS. We provide this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (the “CCPA”). Any capitalized terms used in this notice which are not defined herein have the same meaning as defined in the CCPA. Under the CCPA, we, as a “Business,” are required to provide California residents (“CA Residents”) with certain disclosures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information, as well as certain rights to their personal information, including the right to access, delete, and correct certain personal information we collect about them. The law also restricts the “Sale” or “Sharing” of personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising, and limits the use of “Sensitive Personal Information,” as defined by the law and described in the categories below. It also provides that California residents have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising the privacy rights described in this notice. Categories of Personal Information Collected, Purpose for Collection, and Categories of Third Parties with whom CA Personal Information is Disclosed for a Business Purpose. The definition of “Personal Inform"ation” under California law (“CA Personal Information”) is broader than the definition of Personal Information in Section 1.g above and may include information we collect when you use the Services or visit the Website, such as IP addresses, cookie IDs, and device IDs, to the extent such information is reasonably capable of being associated with or linked to a particular consumer or household. The table below lists: (i) the categories of CA Personal Information we have collected about Customers or Website Users who are CA Residents in the preceding 12 months; (ii) the categories of sources of that information; (iii) the business or commercial purposes for which the information was collected; and (iv) the categories of third parties with whom it was disclosed (including Service Providers as we define the term above).Category of CA Personal Information Information Collected and Categories of Sources Business or Commercial Purpose for Collection Categories of Third Parties With Whom CA Personal Information Was Disclosed for a Business Purpose Identifiers Information you provide to us, such as name, contact information and personal identifiers (see § 2.a) Billing and account information, such as email address, account number, account IDs (see § 2.b) IP addresses, device IDs, and other Network and Usage Information (see § 2.b) Provide and improve Services (see § 3.a) Communicate with you (see § 3.b) Generate De-identified Information (see § 3.c) Advertising and marketing (see § 3.d) Service Providers (see § 4.b) Optimum affiliated businesses (see § 4.c) Account owners/users (see § 4.d) For Phone/Internet Customers, mailing list recipients (see § 4.e) For Mobile Customers, Third Party Carriers, if roaming on their network (see § 4.e) For Phone Customers, subscriber list recipients and PSAPs (see § 4.f) Government agencies/others in response to legal process (court order, subpoena, etc.) (see § 4.i) Sensitive Information, including Licensed demographic data, Gov’t IDs, Financial Account information Licensed demographic and interest data provided by third parties, including ethnicity and religion (see § 2.c) Gov’t IDs (see § 2.a) Financial accounts & credentials (see § 2.a) Provide and improve Services (see § 3.a) Communicate with you (see § 3.b) Generate De-identified Information (see § 3.c) Advertising and marketing (see § 3.d) Service Providers (see § 4.b) Optimum affiliated businesses (see § 4.c) Account owners/users (see § 4.d) Government agencies/others in response to legal process (court order, subpoena, etc.) (see § 4.i) Customer Records (Personal Information Under Cal Civ.Code § 1798.80) Information you provide to us, such as name, social security number, and financial account information (see § 2.a) Billing and account Information we collect and generate, such as email address, account ID and password (see § 2.b) Provide and improve Services (see § 3.a) Communicate with you (see § 3.b) Generate De-identified Information (see § 3.c) Advertising and marketing (see § 3.d) Service Providers (see § 4.b) Optimum affiliated businesses (see § 4.c) Account owners/users (see § 4.d and, for CPNI data, § 8.b) Government agencies/others in response to legal process (court order, subpoena, etc.) (see § 4.i) Protected Classifications under CA or Federal law Licensed demographic and interest data provided by third parties, including ethnicity and religion (see § 2.c) Advertising and marketing (see § 3.d) Optimum affiliated businesses (see § 4.c) Internet/ Electronic Network Activity Information Information we collect and generate relating to equipment connected to our facilities, including IP addresses, MAC addresses and device identifiers, as described in § 2.b TV, Internet, VoIP, App usage and location information we collect when you use Services (see § 2.b) Information we automatically collect from Website Users (see § 2.d) Provide and improve Services (see § 3.a) Communicate with you (see § 3.b) Generate De-identified Information (see § 3.c) Advertising and marketing (see § 3.d) Service Providers (see § 4.b) Optimum affiliated businesses (see § 4.c) Government agencies/others in response to legal process (court order, subpoena, etc.) (see § 4.i) For Mobile Customers, Third Party Carriers, if roaming on their network (see § 4.e) Commercial Information (including purchase or consumption histories) Billing and account Information we collect and generate, including subscription, purchase and rental records (such as equipment or on-Demand video rentals) (see § 2.b) TV, Internet and VoIP Service usage information (see § 2.b) Provide and improve Services (see § 3.a) Generate De-identified Information (see § 3.c) Advertising and marketing (see § 3.d) Service Providers (see § 4.b) Optimum affiliated businesses (see § 4.c) Account owners/users (see § 4.d) Government agencies/others in response to legal process (court order, subpoena, etc.) (see § 4.i) Geolocation Data (Sensitive Information) Location information generated from use of Services (see § 2.b) Provide and improve Services (see § 3.a) Facilitate emergency services and other purposes in § 3.f For Phone, PSAPs (see § 4.f) Government agencies/others in response to legal process (court order, subpoena, etc.) (see § 4.i) For Mobile Customers, Third Party Carriers, if roaming on their network (see § 4.e) Audio, visual, olfactory, thermal, electronic or similar information Call recordings with consumers (see § 2.a) Provide and improve Services (see § 3.a) Service Providers (see § 4.b) Optimum affiliated businesses (see § 4.c) Optimum affiliated businesses (see § 4.c) Government agencies/others in response to legal process (court order, subpoena, etc.) (see § 4.i) For Mobile Customers, Third Party Carriers, if roaming on their network (see § 4.e) Inferences drawn from other categories to create profile of consumer preferences or characteristics Licensed demographic and interest data provided by third parties (see § 2.c) Generate De-identified Information (see § 3.c) Advertising and marketing (see § 3.d) Service Providers (see § 4.b) Optimum affiliated businesses (see § 4.c) In addition, we may have disclosed all of the categories of personal information identified above to the following categories of third parties: (i) judicial courts, regulators, or other government agents purporting to have jurisdiction over us, our subsidiaries or our affiliates, or opposing counsel and parties to litigation; and (ii) other third parties as may otherwise be permitted by law. We may disclose personal information to all of the third parties listed above to comply with our legal obligations or for the business or commercial purposes identified above. Additionally, we may disclose your personal information to third parties upon your request, at your direction or with your consent. We may disclose or make available your personal information with our service providers such as our website provider, other entities that have agreed to limitations on the use of your personal information, or entities that fit within other exemptions or exceptions in. or as otherwise permitted by, the CCPA. Right to Opt out of the Sale and/or Sharing of CA Personal Information. . We do not “Sell” or “Share” Customers’ or Website Users’ CA Personal Information. We do not knowingly Sell or Share the CA Personal Information of California Residents under 16 years old.As described in Sections and above, we and our advertising businesses may use and disclose De-identified Information (which may include information about viewing habits, demographic data, geolocation and system interaction) in connection with the delivery of Targeted Third Party Advertising. Customers have the ability to request that their information not be used for such Targeted Third Party Advertising as described in Section 6 above. Right to Limit the Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information . Certain CA Personal Information is considered “sensitive” under California law, including racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, information regarding a mental or physical health condition or diagnosis, information regarding sex life or sexual orientation, citizenship or immigration status, union membership, genetic or biometric data, and precise geolocation data. CA Residents have the right to request that we limit the use and disclosure of their Sensitive Personal Information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about them; for example by including them in de-identified audience segments for Targeted Advertising purposes based on their ethnicity or religion. CA Residents may elect to limit the use and collection of Sensitive Personal Information by logging into http://optimum.net/privacy-preferences . How to Exercise CA Right to Know, Correct, Delete, and Non-Discrimination . The CCPA gives CA Residents the right to 1) Request that we disclose the categories and/or specific information of CA Personal Information we have collected about them, the categories of sources of that information, the business or commercial purposes for which the information was collected, and the categories of third parties with whom it was disclosed, 2) Correct their CA Personal Information if it is inaccurate, and 3) Delete their CA Personal Information, subject to certain exemptions. CA Residents who are existing or former Customers, or their authorized agents may exercise their CCPA rights by filling out form available at https://www.Optimum.com/ccpa-form, or by contacting us at 1-806-418-8888. We will only be able to honor requests from CA Residents whose identities we can verify, which is typically limited to current or former Customers. We have no reasonable way to verify the identity of a CA Resident Website User who is not a current or former Customer, as the CA Personal Information we collect about these Users as a Business is limited to the information automatically collected on the Website as described in Section 3.d . The CCPA does not restrict our ability to do certain things like comply with other laws or comply with regulatory investigations. We also reserve the right to retain, and not to delete, certain Personal Information after receipt of a request to delete from you where permitted by the CCPA or another law or regulation. We do not discriminate or retaliate against any CA Resident for exercising any of their rights under the CCPA. Authorized Agents . CA Residents may use an authorized agent to submit a request on their behalf provided that the CA Resident gives the authorized agent written permission to do so, the authorized agent submits verifiable proof of such written permission and their identity to us, and the CA Resident subsequently verifies to us that permission has been provided. In the event a request is received by an authorized agent, we will follow up with both the agent and CA Resident seeking additional information to verify identities and ensure that a signed Authorized Agent permission form (available at https://www.Optimum.com/ccpa-form ) has been completed and submitted. CCPA Questions . If you are a CA Resident or authorized agent with questions regarding your rights under the CCPA you may contact us at CCPA@alticeusa.com or at the mailing address set forth in Section 11 below. Shine the Light Law (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.83) . A separate California law requires that we provide CA Residents with notice and choice with respect to the disclosure of their personal information to third parties for marketing purposes. If you request it, we will provide you with a notice of your right to prevent sharing of your personal information as well as a cost-free means of doing so. You may request such a notice via email ( research-and-support@Optimum.com ) or by submitting a written request to Optimum at 1111 Stewart Ave., Bethpage, NY 11714, Attn. Shared Services specifying that you seek your “California Customer Choice Notice.” Please allow thirty days for a response. 9.2 CONNECTICUT RESIDENTS: NOTICE OF PRIVACY RIGHTS: The Connecticut Data Privacy Act (the “CTDPA”), requires that “Controllers” (as defined in the CTDPA) provide Connecticut Residents (“CT Residents”) with information regarding the “Personal Data” processed (as defined in the CTDPA) about them.Any capitalized terms used in this notice which are not defined herein have the same meaning as defined in the CTDPA. The CTDPA provides CT Residents the right to: 1) confirm whether we are processing Personal Data and access such Personal Data; 2) correct inaccuracies in their Personal Data; 3) delete their Personal Data, including Personal Data that a Controller collected through third parties, subject to certain exemptions; and 4) obtain a copy of their Personal data in a portable and readily usable format that allows them to transfer the data to another controller. The CTDPA also provides CT Residents with the right to opt-out of the processing of Personal Data for purposes of “Targeted Advertising” (as defined in the CTDPA), the “Sale” of Personal Data, or “Profiling” in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the CT Resident. CT Residents also have the right to appeal a denial of your request to exercise any of the privacy rights provided by the CTDPA. If we deny your request, we will notify you and give you instructions on how you can appeal that decision. If we deny your appeal, we will notify you about how you may contact the Connecticut Attorney General to submit a complaint. How to Exercise Your Right to Access, Correct, Delete, and Port Personal Data. CT Residents have the right to request that we disclose the personal data that we have collected about them. CT Residents also have the right to request that we delete the personal data we have collected from them subject to certain exceptions. We will only be able to honor requests from CT Residents whose identities we can verify, which is limited to current or former Customers. CT Residents who are existing or former Customers may visit https://www.Optimum.com/CTDPA-form or contact us at 1-806-418-8888. Authorized Agents. CT Residents may use an authorized agent to submit a request on their behalf provided that the CT Resident gives the authorized agent written permission to do so, the authorized agent submits verifiable proof of such written permission and their identity to us, and the CT Resident subsequently verifies to us that permission has been provided. In the event a request is received by an authorized agent, we will follow up with both the agent and CT Resident seeking additional information to verify identities and ensure that a signed Authorized Agent permission form (available at https://www.Optimum.com/CTDPA-form ) has been completed and submitted. Opt Out Rights. CT Residents also have the right to opt out of the “Sale” of their “Personal Data” and/or the processing of their Personal Data for Targeted Advertising or for Profiling that may have a legal or other significant impact. We do not Sell CT Residents’ Personal Data or engage in such Profiling. As described in Sections and above, we and our advertising businesses may use and disclose De-identified Information (which may include information about viewing habits, demographic data, geolocation and system interaction) in connection with the delivery of Targeted Advertising. Customers have the ability to request that their information not be used for such Targeted Third Party Advertising as described in Section 6 above. Sensitive Data. Certain personal data is considered “sensitive” under the CTDPA, including racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, information regarding a mental or physical health condition or diagnosis, information regarding sex life or sexual orientation, citizenship or immigration status, genetic or biometric data, and precise geolocation data. We will not process sensitive personal data of CT Residents without proper consent. For example, we will not include CT Residents in de-identified audience segments for Targeted Advertising purposes based on their ethnicity or religion without consent. CTDPA Questions. If you are a CT Resident or authorized agent with questions regarding your rights under the CTDPA you may contact us at CTDPA@alticeusa.com or at the mailing address set forth in Section 11 below. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY . We may change this Privacy Policy at any time. We will notify you of material changes by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the website. We encourage you to periodically review the Privacy Policy to inform yourself of any changes. The revised Privacy Policy will be effective on the date it is posted unless the revised notice states otherwise. You understand and agree that, if you use the Services after the effective date of the updated Privacy Policy, Optimum will consider your use as acceptance of the updated Privacy Policy. If we make material changes that will result in a new use, disclosure, or permission of access to Personal Information previously collected, we will obtain your appropriate consent before implementing such change as required by applicable law. HOW TO CONTACT US .Please contact us if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy: Optimum Attn. Shared Services Dept 1111 Stewart Ave. Bethpage, NY 11714 CompanyShopProductsHelp & Support Your Privacy Choices Service for Sorry, Optimum no longer supports IE11. Please download one of theseup-to-date browsers: