PRIVACY POLICY The Overwatch League (“OWL”) uses "Cookies" to tailor content and marketing, and to improve and adjust user experiences. To find out more about "Cookies", and the options available to manage them, please click here . Welcome to OWL's Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy was last updated on December 20th, 2022 We appreciate your trust in our products and services. To provide you with great services and make them better, The Overwatch League, LLC (“OWL”) will collect both personal information and non-personal information (collectively, " Information ") and act as the data controller regarding your personal information. We take care of how your Information is processed and used. This Privacy Policy: explains how OWL collects, stores, uses and transfersor discloses your Information;applies to all OWL websites, products and services (“ Properties ”) . OWL, Activison Blizzard group companies, and our partners, such as marketing partners and analytics providers may use tracking technologies such as cookies and/or similar technologies on the Properties. For more information about OWL’s use of cookies please see our Cookie Policy , which is also incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy and made part of this Privacy Policy. OWL reserves the right change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a modified version online at https://overwatchleague.com/en-us/legal/privacy-policy , so please review it frequently to ensure you are aware of any changes. If we make a material change to this Privacy Policy, we will provide appropriate notice in accordance with legal requirements. At such time, your continued use of the Properties after notice of posting or notice of such changes constitutes your acknowledgement of this latest version of this Policy and any future revisions. Please note your use of this OWL website, product or service is also subject to the terms of the OWL Terms of Use available here . Table of Contents Scope of OWL Privacy Policy ESRB Privacy Certified Program Information We Collect and How We Use It Children and Parents Your Choices Sharing Information Security Accessing Information and Retention Period Contacting Us Users in the US Your US Privacy Rights Additional Privacy Information for California Residents Privacy Information for Nevada Residents Users in the EEA Disclosure to Users Outside the US and the EEA 1. Scope of OWL Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy applies to all Properties, including: OWL websites, online products and services; andOWL mobile applications. This Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites, online properties, or systems to which our Properties may link or through which our Properties may be accessed. Sometimes, we may direct you to a site operated by an affiliate, vendor or partner. Further, you should note that the Properties include certain third-party sections and functionality, which are operated by third parties other than OWL, including, the websites of OWL teams, which are operated by the teams, as well as Battle.net, which is operated by Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. OWL is not responsible for the security or privacy practices of any such third-party sections, websites, properties, or systems. Even though the page where you provide information may have the look and feel of the Properties, a different privacy policy may govern that information collection by an affiliate, OWL team or other vendor or partner. This Privacy Policy does not cover Information provided when you apply for a job at OWL. 2. ESRB Privacy Certified Program OWL is a valid licensee and participating member in the Entertainment Software Rating Board's Privacy Certified Program (“ ESRB Privacy Certified ”). To protect your privacy, we have voluntarily undertaken this privacy initiative. ESRB Privacy Certified has reviewed and certified that we meet established online information collection and use practices on all OWL Properties where this Privacy Policy is posted and a Privacy Certified seal is displayed. As part of the ESRB Privacy Certified Program, we are subject to audits of our Properties and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by ESRB Privacy Certified. Whenever you visit Properties that display the ESRB Privacy Certified certification seal, you may request information about: Whether a company uses cookies, tracks IP addresses or uses other passive means to collect information;Who, if anyone, is collecting your personal information and how will it be used;With whom, if anyone, will your personal information be shared;What choices you have regarding the use of your personal information;How you can access and change the personal information a company collects and maintains;Whether and how information is collected from children under 13; How a company ensures data security, quality, and integrity; andWhere and how to ask questions or file complaints.DISCLAIMER: Although ESRB Privacy Certified does not monitor non-English Properties, OWL makes all best efforts to ensure that non-English Properties adhere to applicable data collection guidance and principles set forth by ESRB Privacy Certified, including adherence to EU and other territorial regulations outside of the U.S If you believe that we have not responded to your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact ESRB Privacy Certified at http://www.esrb.org/privacy/contact.aspx or privacy@esrb.org 3. Information We Collect and How We Use It OWL collects Information about you from you and other sources. As set out below in greater detail, as well as in Section 10 , we use and in specific cases combine that Information to operate, tailor content, personalize, adjust and improve our Properties, and to send you messages or personalized information about our services, new features and more, including for marketing and promotional purposes. Information Provided by You As set out in more detail in the following, OWL may collect Information from you when you: (A) log in using a Battle.net account; (B) use our Properties; (C) participate in sweepstakes, contests and promotions; (D) use OWL customer service; (E) choose to receive newsletters on products and services, receive marketing emails, and/or participate in surveys; (F) buy OWL services or products online; (G) use your Facebook account with OWL or allow sharing through Social Media. A. Logging in with a Battle.net Account OWL will collect certain Information from you when you sign in to the Properties using your Battle.net account. Personal information collected when you sign into the Properties with your Battle.net account includes your email address and may include your first and last name. This personal information is combined with other Information such as your country, and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs and services and marketing preferences. B. Use of Our Properties When you visit or use our Properties we collect, process and/or combine Information about your use of those Properties, such as websites you visited before and after you used a Property, browser type and language, IP address, hardware and software information, third party account information (for example, information associated with your Battle.net account), purchase histories, and Social Media data. We use Cookies and/or similar technologies (collectively called “ Cookies ”) to do this. In addition, we or our partners also use Cookies to serve ads in our Properties. Please see our Cookie Policy for more details. OWL collects, processes, and combines data such as your age, gender, interests, name, email address, marketing preferences, customer service, and device-related information. OWL also collects and processes your geolocation information, upon your consent within our app, in order to enable real-time verification of your location to enable participation in certain events and contests and receive rewards. C. Sweepstakes, Contests, and Promotions When OWL runs contests or promotions on our Properties, we collect certain Information from participants such as their name, address, postal code, email address, phone number, or other information or content submitted by you. We may also need to collect additional information in order for you to claim a prize. That Information will be combined with other information and will be used and shared under this Privacy Policy. D. Interact with Customer Service To be able to provide you with customer service and assist you with resolving any issues you may have, OWL or its affiliates, including Blizzard Entertainment, vendors or partners, collect Information from you including your contact details, together with details of your customer service issue and its resolution. This information may be combined with other Information and/or shared in order to resolve your customer service issue. E. Receive Newsletters on Products and Services, Receive Marketing Emails, and/or Surveys OWL collects your name, email address, country, browser/language settings, the favorite teams you select, and in specific cases, postal code, when you sign up to receive newsletters or marketing periodically by email about our products and services, products or services that may be of interest to you, the products and services of OWL affiliates, or about the OWL teams. We also may occasionally send you surveys to improve consumer experience with our Properties. You can stop receiving further newsletters or marketing emails by unsubscribing from the link in the footer of each email we send to you. F. Buy OWL Products or Services Online OWL does not collect credit card and/or billing information when you purchase products or services online.However, you may have to provide credit card and/or billing information to one of our affiliates or third-party vendors to complete a purchase. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of our affiliates or third-party vendors before providing them with your personal information, as their privacy practices may vary from ours. G. Social Media You can interact with some Properties through social networking sites, such as Facebook and Twitter (or social media plug-ins and applications) ( "Social Media" ). When you interact with OWL and/or the Properties through Social Media you acknowledge that we may access your Information, such as name, username or profile picture, solely under your Social Media privacy settings, and use it to tailor content, marketing, and improve and adjust user experience relating to OWL Properties, and (1) give you exclusive content; (2) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our Properties; and (3) contact you under applicable marketing preferences through Social Media, including through providing tailored marketing, or directly by sending you the latest news, special offerings, and rewards. When you post personal information publicly through the Properties, or on Social Media, it will be viewable by other users of these sites and we cannot prevent further use of the personal information by third parties. For more information about how your Social Media uses and protects your personal information, please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use. Information Provided by Other Sources We may also obtain Information, such as contact details (for example, name and email address), country, IP address, purchase histories, marketing preferences, cookie information and other technical information about you from other sources, such as OWL teams, Activision Blizzard group companies, vendors (for example, event ticket providers and merchandise vendors), or partners (for example, media partners), and combine that Information with Information we have collected from or about you. We only collect Information from other sources where they have confirmed to us they are legally entitled to share it with us. We use Cookies to provide and support our Properties and each of the uses outlined and described above. Please see our Cookie Policy for more information. 4. Children and Parents OWL does not knowingly collect or store any personal information from children under 13 in the US or under the relevant age threshold in other jurisdictions where the child is located. However, we may collect technical information required for delivering the service and for the support of our internal operations from all users of our Properties. If parents believe that we have unintentionally collected their children’s other personal information or otherwise used their children’s personal information for another purpose, they may contact us via the Contacting Us section below. We recognize a special need to protect the personal information of children. We urge parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names, addresses, phone numbers, or other personal information without parental permission, when online. OWL also recommends that parents familiarize themselves with parental controls available on consoles, mobile telephones, tablets and other devices they provide to their child and accompany their child when online. Please see the ESRB’s Parental Controls page, available here , for further details. Parents should contact OWL immediately if they have any concerns Please see the Contacting Us section below for further details. 5. Your Choices You have choices over the Information provided by you and by other sources, and how that Information is used by OWL. You can exercise your choices by updating your preferences at any time and also by managing your settings on your devices and third-party accounts. Your Choices About Information Provided by You If you do not want to provide OWL with personal information, then you can choose not to provide it. If you choose not to provide us with personal information, we may not always be able to provide you with the OWL product or service you want. For example, without providing an email address, you cannot sign up for OWL newsletters. Your Choices About Information Provided by Third Parties You may be able to control how third parties collect and share your Information by changing your preferences or opting out of collection directly with those third parties. Before disclosing Information to third parties, we recommend you check their respective privacy policies for further details.Your Choices About OWL Using Your Information You can exercise choices over how OWL uses your personal information and update your preferences at any time: To remove yourself from individual contests or promotions, or from receiving email marketing or newsletters from OWL, simply click the unsubscribe link in the email;To disable selected Cookies from collecting information relating to the effectiveness of advertising campaigns or analytics data and from serving you with personalized advertising on our Properties or third-party properties please see our Cookie Policy If you opt-out of receiving email marketing communications from us, please note that we may still contact you occasionally to provide you with service-related information. If you are a user in the European Economic Area ( “EEA” ) or the UK and would like to know more about your rights in connection with your personal information, please see the Users in the EEA section below. If you reside in the United States and would like to know more about your rights in connection with your personal information, please see the Your US Privacy Rights section below. If you are a resident of California or Nevada and would like to know more about your rights in connection with your personal information, please see the Additional Privacy Information for California Residents section or Privacy Information for Nevada Residents section below. 6. Sharing Information: As set out with greater detail below, and in Section 10 for US residents OWL shares Information: with the various Activision Blizzard group companies available here , including for the group companies' own marketing purposes;with the various OWL teams available here to provide you with goods or services you have requested;with vendors and partners engaged by OWL to provide you with goods or services you have requested or online advertising selected by us; with third parties in offering certain promotions, events, tournaments or other goods or services jointly or sponsored by such third parties;if required to do so by applicable law, regulation or legal process;if necessary to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights;if necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of any person; andin connection with the sale of our business or assets. Any information, including personal information that you reveal in a bulletin board, message board, chat room or other public forum is publicly viewable. A. Activison Blizzard Group Companies We disclose your information with the various Activision Blizzard group companies, available here , including for the group companies’ own marketing purposes. OWL is not responsible for the privacy practices of the Activision Blizzard group companies and the use of your Information by the group companies will be governed by those specific companies’ privacy policies, which you may find on each company’s website. B. OWL Teams If you have submitted Information on the Properties, the OWL team(s) will receive your Information if you agreed to share it with one or more OWL team(s). For example, if you have provided your email address and indicated your interest in receiving newsletters and/or marketing emails from a specific team, or if you have provided your country and/or postal code, you consent to sharing that information with that specific team and/or your local OWL team(s) directly subject to the applicable team’s privacy policy, including your name, email address, country, browser/language settings, and in specific cases, postal code. OWL is not responsible for the privacy practices of the OWL teams and the use of your Information by OWL teams will be governed by those specific teams’ privacy policies, which you may find on their own website. C. Vendors Vendors provide goods and services (for example, event tickets, merchandise, billing, consumer services support, consultancy, information technology hardware and software) to OWL to support, operate and develop the Properties and to deliver marketing communications on our behalf. Vendors use your Information to execute, deliver and/or occasionally improve the services they provide. We do not share Information with vendors to use for their own direct marketing purposes or any other purpose other than those set out in this section without your consent. D. Third Parties Other third parties (for example, media partners) may need your Information in order to provide goods and/or services you have requested, for example, to deliver OWL products that you have purchased. In addition, OWL may offer goods and/or services jointly with, or sponsored by, a third party. These goods and/or services may be hosted on the Properties or on the third party’s service. By virtue of these relationships, we may share the Information you submit in connection with these goods and/or services with the third party.OWL is not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties, which may use your Information for their own purposes. The third party’s use of your Information will be governed by that third party’s privacy policy. If you do not want your information shared, you can choose not to allow the transfer of information by not using that particular service or by not providing any information at that time. E. Law We will disclose your Information in the good faith belief we must do so by law, including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability. This may include responding to legal requests from jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards. F. Legal Rights We will disclose your Information where necessary for the purpose of exercising, establishing or defending our legal rights. For example, we will review your communications and other Information to investigate allegations of hacking or any other breach or alleged breach of any applicable Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy and disclose your personal information, including communications, to our legal advisors, consultants and law enforcement or other government officials. G. Protecting Others We disclose your Information with third parties where we believe this is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of any person. For example, we disclose Information relating to an online account if we in good faith believe the user of that account is using it in ways that are harmful to others (e.g. making inappropriate contact with minors). H. Sale of Our Business or Assets Separately, in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, OWL's customer information, including Information and communications, may be transferred to our successor or assign. 7. Security OWL takes a range of security measures designed to protect your personal information and keep it confidential (unless it is non-confidential by nature, for example, publicly-available information like user generated content, competition rankings and scores, etc.). We also take steps to ensure that the personal information collected is protected from misuse and alteration. In addition, we request vendors who process personal information on our behalf to themselves take a range of security measures designed to help protect your personal information. However, the Internet by its nature is not a secure environment and the nature of security risks is constantly evolving, as are the technical and organizational industry standards relating to management of those risks. The complete security of any personal information collected, stored or used by us or our vendors cannot therefore be guaranteed. Please take care when sharing your information online. 8. Accessing Information and Retention Period If for any reason you are concerned with the way we are using your personal information, or would like to correct, view, update or request that we delete such personal information, you can send your request to us using the contact details set out in the Contacting Us section below. Retention Period We delete your personal information which we process for the performance of the contract or based on your consent in case you terminate your contract with us, withdraw your consent or where you request us to delete your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. As an exception, we will not delete your personal information where we still have a legitimate interest to use your personal information. For example, we may still retain your Information to resolve disputes, enforce our Terms of Use or other user agreements, or comply with legal requirements; in this case, your personal information will be blocked from use for any other purpose. In any case, we will not retain or use your personal information longer than necessary for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. Due to technical reasons, residual copies of Information that has been removed from your account and/or the Properties may remain in our backup systems. 9. Contacting Us To contact us, you can send us an email at privacy@overwatchleague.com , or write to us at: The Overwatch League Privacy Policy, Attention: Privacy Policy Administrator, One Blizzard Way, Irvine, CA 92618-3616, or call: 1+949-955-1380. For visitors from the EEA and the UK, you may also contact our Data Protection Officer by email at privacy@overwatchleague.com. You may also contact ESRB Privacy Certified if you have a question or complaint that has not been resolved to your satisfaction.Please see the ESRB Privacy Certified Program section at the top of this Privacy Policy for further details. 10. Users in the US In addition to the information provided throughout this privacy policy, state privacy laws in the United States require that we disclose to consumers in those states additional information about the processing of their personal information. Below we describe the purposes for which we use and disclose personal information and for each purpose, the categories of personal information we use and disclose and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose the personal information. Service functionality : We use certain personal information to provide you with our Properties, products, and services, including to take steps to create an account, enter a contract for sale or for services, facilitate purchases or process payments, fulfill orders, send service communications, provide customer service functions, and conduct general business operations, such as accounting, recordkeeping, and audits, analyzing our performance and meeting our legal obligations. Service improvement : To improve and grow our Properties, including to verify and maintain the quality of our services, develop new products and services, and understand how our Properties are being used, our customer base and purchasing trends, and the effectiveness of our marketing. Personalization : To offer you recommendations and tailor the Properties to your preferences. The personal information we collect and use for these purposes includes: Personal information provided by you: Contact information, including name, username, email address, telephone numberDemographic information including your gender, and countryPayment information, collected by our third-party payment processors to complete a purchaseInformation that you provide when you log in to a Property with your Battle.net accountAudiovisual informationInformation contained in your communications to us, including when you contact customer service Any information that you provide by interacting with our Properties (please note that some comments or information may also be visible to other users of our Properties)Customer service information, such as any issues you raise and their resolutionInformation about your interests in and use of various products, programs, services, and marketing preferencesSocial Media data Personal information automatically collected: Websites visited before and after you use a Property Browser type and languageIP addressGeolocation information (upon consent) to verify your location for certain eventsHardware and software informationGameplay data, if anyCommunicationsUsage dataPurchase histories We disclose this personal information to: Various Activision Blizzard group companies, available here , which may use the personal information for their own marketing purposesVarious OWL teams, available here , to provide you with goods or services you have requested, including for marketing purposesService providers, vendors, and business partners, including tournament, event ticket, or mechandise providers, media partners, billing firms, customer service support, consultancies, information technology providers, cybersecurity providers, payment processors, accounting and auditing firms OWL may also publicly display certain personal information about you, including third-party account information and gameplay information, on the Properties. Sweepstakes, Contests, and Promotions: When OWL runs contests, sweepstakes, or promotions on our Properties we collect certain personal information from participants to enter them into the event and to deliver any prizes won and we combine that personal information with other personal information we have collected about you and use such combined information for the other purposes stated in this Privacy Policy, such as to create your account or engage in marketing. The personal information we collect and use for this purpose includes: Personal information provided by you: Contact information, including name, address, postal code, age and/or email address, telephone number, and other information you submitInformation you provide in order to claim any prizes you winGeolocation information (upon consent) to verify your location for certain events and contestsOther content or information submitted by you, such as your response to a sweepstakes prompt We disclose this personal information to: Various Activision Blizzard group companies, available here , which may use the personal information for their own marketing purposesVarious OWL teams, available here , to provide you with goods or services you have requested, including for marketing purposesService providers, vendors, and business partners, such as entities conducting surveys or promotions on our behalf.In some circumstances, such as disclosures to business partners for their own marketing purposes, we make these disclosures only with your consent. Advertising and marketing: To send you marketing communications and newsletters, personalize the advertisements you see on our Properties and third-party online properties, and measure the effectiveness of our advertising. The personal information we collect and use for this purpose includes: Personal information provided by you: Contact information, including name, username, email address, telephone numberDemographic information including your gender and countryInformation that you provide when you log in to a Property with your Battle.net accountAny information that you provide by interacting with our Properties (please note that some comments or information may also be visible to other users of our Properties)Information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, and services Marketing preferencesSocial Media data Personal information automatically collected: Websites visited before and after you use a PropertyBrowser type and browser/language settingsIP addressHardware and software informationGameplay dataCommunicationsUsage dataPurchase historiesNon-personal identifiers, and other information from your mobile device We disclose this personal information to: Various Activision Blizzard group companies, available here , which may use the personal information for their own marketing purposesVarious OWL teams, available here , to provide you with goods or services you have requestedService providers, vendors, and business partners, such as online advertising partners, including partners who use Cookies to personalize, retarget, and measure the effectiveness of advertising These partners may combine this personal information with information that they have collected about you when you use their services (or the websites and services of third parties) to serve you more relevant ads or to improve the accuracy of their targeting and measurement systemsIn some situations, we disclose information to business partners for their direct marketing purposes only with your consent to the disclosureSocial Media platforms Security and Fair Tournaments: To protect and secure our Properties, assets, network, and business operations; and to detect, investigate, and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be fraudulent or illegal; or when necessary to protect our property or rights or the safety of our employees, customers or other individuals: The personal information we collect and use for this purpose includes: Personal information provided by you: Contact information, including name, username, email address, telephone number, mailing address, citizenship status, and date of birthInformation that you provide when you log in to a Property with your Battle.net accountAny information that you provide by interacting with our Properties (please note that some comments or information may also be visible to other users of our Properties) Personal information automatically collected, including by monitoring and recording on your device: Websites visited before and after you use a PropertyBrowser type and languageIP addressHardware and software informationGameplay data, if anyCommunications (including without limitation chat, text, or voice communications)Usage dataNon-personal identifiers, and other information from your mobile device We may disclose this personal information to: Various Activision Blizzard group companies, available here , which may use the personal information for the purposes listed aboveVarious OWL teams, available here , to provide you with goods or services you have requested, including for marketing purposesService providers, vendors, and business partners, such as platform providers, cybersecurity providers, tournament providers, and information technology providers Other entities when we believe that this is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of any personRegulatory or law enforcement agencies Legal compliance: To comply with legal process, such as warrants, subpoenas, and court orders; to respond to lawful regulatory or law enforcement requests, such as when we have a good-faith belief that we must do so by law, including but not limited to disclosure to law enforcement or other government officials in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability; to exercise, establish, or defend our legal rights; to protect the vital interests of any person; and to comply with applicable legal requirement Such personal information includes: Any information requested through legal process or that we believe in good faith is necessary to respond to lawful regulatory or law enforcement requests for the purposes listed above.We may disclose this personal information to Regulatory or law enforcement agencies, including jurisdictions outside of the United States where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law in that jurisdiction, affects users in that jurisdiction, and is consistent with internationally recognized standards.Our legal advisors or consultant Corporate change: We may disclose any personal information that we have collected about you in connection with the sale of our business or assets in the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, or other similar event. OWL is not responsible for the privacy practices of Activision Blizzard group companies, and the use of your personal information by the Activision Blizzard group companies will be governed by those specific companies’ privacy policies, which you may find on each company’s website. OWL is not responsible for the privacy practices of the OWL teams and the use of your Information by OWL teams will be governed by those specific teams’ privacy policies, which you may find on their own website. a. Your US Privacy Rights Residents of some states have certain rights in relation to their personal information. We describe below the rights that may be available to you, depending on your state of residence. Right to Request Access to Your Personal Information You may have the right to request, up to two times in a 12-month period, access to the personal information we have collected about you and information regarding the source of that personal information, the purposes for which we collect it, and the third parties and service providers to whom we sell, share, or disclose it. Please note that certain information may be exempt from such requests under law. Right to Request Correction of Your Personal Information You may have the right to request that in certain circumstances we correct personal information that we have collected about you. Some information may be exempt from such requests under law. Right to Request Deletion of Your Personal Information You may also have the right to request that we delete personal information that we have collected from or about you. Some personal information may be exempt from such requests under law. For example, we need certain types of personal information so that we can provide our Properties to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our Properties. Limit Use of Your Sensitive Personal Information California residents have the right to limit our use of their sensitive personal information if we use such personal information to infer characteristics about them. We do not currently use sensitive personal information for such purposes. In some states, we may be required to obtain your consent before collecting your sensitive personal information. Sale and Sharing of Personal Information; Targeted Advertising Under the laws of some states, consumers have the right to opt out of the sale of personal information or the sharing of their personal information with third parties for targeted advertising (also known as cross-context behavioral advertising or interest-based advertising). We share certain information with third parties who do work on our behalf for the business purposes we describe above. We also may allow third-party advertising companies to collect Information about your activity on our websites and in our apps, for example through cookies, mobile ad identifiers, pixels, web beacons and social network plugins. These advertising entities use Information they collect to help us provide more relevant advertisements and for other purposes described in our Privacy Policy. You can control the sharing of your personal information for targeted advertising through our websites and apps in the following ways: To set up cookie controls and opt-out of advertising cookies, including third-party advertising cookies, click here .You can also set up cookie controls through many browser settings and you can use industry-wide opt outs to control the use of cookies for interest-based advertising purposes. The personal information collected through these methods is associated with your browser or device, so if you would like to opt out for this information you will need to disable cookies or trackers as described above. Because your opt-out preference is stored in a cookie, if you clear your cookies then we will not recognize your device or your choices, so you must opt out again. You may also disable non-advertising cookies through your browser or device settings. In applicable states, where required, OWL recognizes Do Not Track settings and the Global Privacy Control. In addition to the opt-outs related to advertising above, we support the applicable state laws by allowing residents to opt out of the sale or sharing of their personal information for targeted advertising by clicking here .You can also submit a request to opt out of sales or sharing by emailing us at individualrights@overwatchleague.com. How to Exercise Your Access, Correction, and Deletion Rights You may exercise any privacy rights to which you are entitled by submitting your request to us at individualrights@overwatchleague.com or by calling us at 877-566-3886. For security purposes, we will verify your identity – and may request information from you to do so – when you request to exercise your privacy rights. Some states permit you to designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights as described above. We will take steps to both verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a power of attorney. Once we have verified your identity (or your authorized agent, as applicable), we will respond to your request as appropriate. If we are unable to complete your requests, we will provide you information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request, as required by applicable law. Profiling We do not engage in “profiling” in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. Right to Nondiscrimination We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights, unless allowed under applicable law. Appeals Some state laws allow residents who are not satisfied with our response to their requests to appeal our decision by contacting us as described in the written notice we will provide to you. b. Additional Privacy Information for California Residents Notice of Privacy Practices for California Residents Depending on how you interact with us, OWL may collect the following categories of personal information about you. For information about the purposes for which we use and disclose information, and additional potential disclosures of personal information, please see Users in the US section above. Identifiers, collected from you, our social media pages, or third-party subscription service providers, may be disclosed to our service providers and may be sold to or shared with business partners.Financial information, collected from you, may be disclosed to our service providers. We do not sell or share financial information.Protected classifications and other sensitive data, collected from you, may be disclosed to our service providers. We do not sell or share protected classifications and other sensitive data. Commercial information, collected from you, may be shared with our service providers. We do not sell or share commercial information.Geolocation information, collected from you and our analytics and advertising partners, may be shared with our service providers. We may sell or share coarse location information to our advertising partners; we do not sell or share precise geolocation information.Internet or electronic network activity information, collected from you and our analytics and advertising partners, may be shared with our service providers and may be sold to our advertising partners. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information, collected from you, may be shared with our service providers. We do not sell or share such information.Inferences drawn about you, collected from you and our advertising and analytics partners, may be shared with our service providers. We may sell or share such information with our advertising partners.Content of communications, collected from you, may be shared with our service providers. We do not sell or share content of communications. Information of contacts that you supply to us may be shared with our service providers. We do not sell or share such information. We determine the retention period for each of the categories of personal information listed above based on (1) the length of time we need to retain the information to achieve the business or commercial purpose for which it was obtained, (2) any legal or regulatory requirements applicable to such information, (3) internal operational needs, and (4) any need for the information based on any actual or anticipated investigation or litigation. California residents have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of their personal information, as explained here . We may need to collect your personal information in order to offer you the benefits and rewards you request. If we do offer you the chance to participate in such a program, your participation is optional. If you choose to participate, your participation will be subject to the applicable terms or conditions, and you may withdraw at any time. Your information has no real currency value or its equivalent.California Shine the Light Law Since 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. We do not share our customer's personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, without their approval. For inquiries regarding our disclosure policy please send us an email at privacy@overwatchleague.com , or write to us at: The Overwatch League Privacy Policy, Attention: Privacy Policy Administrator, One Blizzard Way, Irvine, CA 92618-3616. California Privacy Rights for Minor Users Since January 1, 2015, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you, if you are a California resident under the age of 18, to view, correct, or delete Information provided by you or publicly posted by you. You may do this by sending us an email asking us to delete certain posted content at privacy@overwatchleague.com . In the alternative, you may write to us at The Overwatch League Privacy Policy, Attention: Privacy Policy Administrator, One Blizzard Way, Irvine, CA 92618-3616. We will be happy to review, update or remove Information and/or content as appropriate. Residual copies of Information and/or content that have been deleted from your account and/or the Properties may remain in our backup systems. We may still retain your Information to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreement, or comply with legal requirements; in this case, your personal information will be blocked from use for any other purpose. c. Privacy Information for Nevada Residents Under Nevada law, Nevada residents who have purchased goods or services from us may opt out of the “sale” of “covered information” (as such terms are defined under Nevada law) for monetary consideration to a person for that person to license or sell such information to additional persons. “Covered information” includes first and last name, address, email address, and phone number, or an identifier that allows a specific person to be contacted either physically or online. As discussed above, we share your information with certain third parties that we believe can provide you with offers and promotions for products and service of interest to you and in the other ways described above. We do not believe that our sharing in this regard would qualify as a sale under Nevada law. Nonetheless, if you are a Nevada resident who has purchased goods or services from us, you may submit a request to record your preference to opt out by emailing us at individualrights@overwatchleague.com . Please note we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request. 11. Users in the EEA and the UK As set out in more detail below, we only process or transfer your personal information where we can rely on legal grounds and appropriate safeguards to do so. You also have additional rights regarding your personal information if you are located in the EEA and the UK. Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Information We only process your personal information where we can rely on legal grounds to do so. We process your personal information for the purposes set out below. Performance of the Services We process your personal information for the performance of our services, to provide or support of our products, or for any other feature you request or enable. This includes, for example, using your personal information to: allow access to the Properties using your Battle.net account;provide contests or promotions in which you have enrolled; orprovide global customer service. Consent We process your personal information based on your consent. This includes, for example, providing: newsletters, direct e-mails and surveys about our Properties or products or services that may be of interest to you; real-time verification of your location via the app to enable participation in certain events and contests and receive rewards; and certain other marketing features. Legitimate Interest We process your personal information where we have a legitimate interest to do so. This includes, for example, processing: to provide you with requested customer service or technical support;to debug and improve our current and future Properties;in order to give you exclusive content, personalize your online experience with us and contact you in accordance with applicable marketing preferences; andfor the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or whenever courts are acting in their judicial capacity. Legal Obligation We process your personal information for compliance with a legal obligation to which we are subject.Your Rights to Your Personal Information You have the following rights in addition to your rights to view, correct, update, or request the deletion of your personal information as set out in detail in the Accessing Information section above. To access your personal information, you can also make a request by sending us an email at: individualrights@overwatchleague.com . To delete your personal information, you can also make a request by sending us an email at: individualrights@overwatchleague.com . You may object to the processing of your personal information based on a legitimate interest on grounds relating to your particular situation. You may control the extent to which we market to you and you have the right to request that we stop sending you marketing messages at any time. You can make a request by sending us an email at: individualrights@overwatchleague.com . In certain circumstances, you can request that we transfer personal information that you have provided to us. Where we rely on your consent in order to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw such consent to further use of your personal information at any time. You can use the methods described in the Accessing Information section above to update your marketing preferences. For each of the rights described above, you can also send your request to us by using the contact details set out in the Contacting Us section above. We hope that we can satisfy queries you may have about the way we process your personal information. However, if you have unresolved concerns you also have the right to complain to data protection authorities. You can bring the complaint in your member state of residence, place of work or where an alleged infringement of data protection law occurred. International Transfers Your personal information will be transferred to and processed in the United States where many of our central databases operate or other countries where Activision Blizzard group companies or vendors maintain facilities or business operations. We use European Commission approved contract clauses to protect your personal information. If you have questions, please contact us using the contact details set out in the Contacting Us section above. EU Representative For users from the EEA, the Overwatch League has designated ABE Media International Ltd. its Representative in the Union. You may contact the EU Representative using the contact details set out in the Contacting Us section above. 12. Disclosure to Users Outside the US, the EEA, and the UK In addition, if you are a visitor to our websites or other online products and services from outside the U.S., the personal information you provide will be collected, processed and stored directly on, or transferred to, servers in the United States or other countries where OWL, Activision Blizzard group companies, OWL teams or our other partners or vendors maintain facilities or business operations. No matter where the Information is located, OWL takes commercially reasonable measures to safeguard your privacy rights in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the collection, processing, storage and transfer of your Information, please do not provide your Information when requested and stop using our websites and other online products and services. Stay in touch ©2023 BLIZZARD ENTERTAINMENT, INC. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. All trademarks referenced herein are the properties of their respective owners Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies allow us to provide you with enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to monitor traffic on our websites and make performance improvements based on how visitors navigate through the various pages. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not accept these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site and will not be able to monitor its performance. Required Cookies These cookies are necessary for our website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are set in response to actions made by you and are considered as a request for services such as logging in, setting your privacy settings or making a purchase. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies however, some parts of the site will not function as expected. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Blizzard & Affiliate Marketing Cookies Blizzard & Affiliate Marketing Cookies Marketing cookies may be set through our site by Blizzard or our affiliates.They are used to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements for Blizzard and our affiliates’ products on other sites. They do not directly store your personal information but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will still experience advertisements from Blizzard and its affiliates but they won’t be tailored to your interests. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label