Download PDF PayPal >> View all legal agreements PayPal Privacy Statement Last update: November 07, 2022 Overview Your privacy rights and choices Understanding your rights Understanding your choices Notice to Non-Account Holders The personal information we collect Personal information How we collect personal information about you. How we use tracking technologies like cookies Why we collect personal information How and why we share personal information about you How we protect your personal information How this statement changes over time Contact Us Overview This privacy statement explains how and why PayPal collects, stores, uses, and shares personal information when you visit our websites or use our services. Reading it will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. By using the Site or Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this privacy statement and the applicable user agreement (PayPal, Braintree, Hyperwallet, and Xoom). "Personal information" in this statement means information about you, including your identity, finances, and online behavior. "PayPal" in this statement means PayPal, Inc. This privacy statement applies to the PayPal, Braintree, Xoom, and Hyperwallet services offered by PayPal. To learn about our privacy practices for Venmo, Honey, Happy Returns, Chargehound, or Simility, visit the website and review the privacy statement for those services. Your privacy rights and choices When it comes to how your personal information is collected, stored, used, and shared, you have rights and choices. Understanding your rights You have the right to request a copy of the personal information we've collected about you in the past 12 months. You also have the right to ask us to delete your personal information we have collected about you. If you or an authorized agent want to see or delete your personal information, contact us or submit your request from your account settings. We will not deny you services, charge you different prices, or provide you with a different level of service solely for exercising your privacy rights. If you are a California resident, learn more about how we have handled your Privacy Rights. If you or an authorized agent request to see or delete your personal information, we'll first need to verify who you are before we can respond to your request. If we can't verify your identity, we will not be able to fulfill your request. If you want to delete your personal information, you have choices: • Log in to your account and delete information you previously added. For example, you can delete your profile picture and non-primary addresses in your settings • Call us or contact us and request that we delete specific information • Close your account If you close your account or request that we delete personal information, we still need to keep some personal information so we can: • Complete a transaction, provide goods or services you requested, or comply with our promises to you in the user agreement or other contract you have with us • Detect and prevent malicious, fraudulent, or illegal activity • Protect your (or another person's) legal rights, including the right to free speech • Manage our internal business processes that are reasonably related to your expectations when using our services • Comply with laws Depending on where you live and what type of account you use, you may have different rights and choices for managing your personal information. For example, certain State privacy laws do not apply to personal information collected, processed, or disclosed by a financial institution according to federal laws, such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Consumers may read our Consumer Privacy Notice for more information about their rights under US federal law. Understanding your choices You can control how personal information is collected or shared, as well as how we communicate with you. Here are some of the ways you can customize your choices. Choose how we collect personal information You may choose to limit the personal information you provide when our apps or services request it. To help make choices that are right for you, it's important to understand that personal information helps us provide a richer, more personalized experience for you. Also, some personal information is required for our services to function at all. For example, sharing your contacts helps make it easier for you to find the people you want to send money to. If you choose not to share your contacts with us, you can still use our mobile apps, but some actions may not be as fast or easy as it would be if shared your contacts. Another example is creating an account with us. If you choose not to provide information that is required for an account to function, like your name and email address, we will not be able to create an account for you.Choose how connected accounts collect and use personal information If you connect your account to a third-party service, you may be able to manage how your personal information is collected, used, and shared by them. Read the third parties' privacy policies to see the choices they offer you. You can control which third-party services you connect to your account and what personal information they can collect about you. For example, to manage the permissions, go to the Security settings in your PayPal account. Choose how we communicate with you Your choices about how we communicate with you differ depending on the purpose of the message and how it is delivered. Some messages are considered optional, and some are necessary for you to manage your accounts with us. We use email, text messages, push notifications on your mobile device, and even phone or paper mail depending on the situation and your preferences. You can click the unsubscribe link in a marketing email, opt out of a text message by replying "STOP," or turn off notifications on your device. You can also change your account's notification settings or the notification preferences on your device. You won't be able to opt out of messages that are considered necessary for you to manage your account, such as receipts and emails that alert you to changes in your account's status that require your attention. You may be able to decide how we send those messages, such as by email, phone, text message, or a notification on your mobile device. Notice to Non-Account Holders If you use our services without creating or logging into an account, we'll still collect personal information, which may include your payment information, device information, and location. When you use our services without creating or logging into an account, we will use this information to provide and improve the service, including to process transactions, prevent fraud, and comply with the law. We may connect this information with your account, if you have one at the time you use the service without logging in, or if you create an account at a later date. When you shop on merchant or partner sites, upon your consent, merchant may share data with PayPal that will be used in accordance with this privacy statement. The personal information we collect We may collect your personal information when you register for or use our services, such as when you create an account, make a payment, send a payout, or make a purchase on a merchant's website. Here are the kinds of personal information that we may collect when you create an account or use our services: 1. Information that identifies you, for example: • First and last name • Address • Phone number • Email IP address • Device Information Information collected from cookies or other tracking technologies 2. Records and financial information, for example: • Social Security Number • Government-issued identification • Bank account and routing numbers • Credit and debit card information • Financial information 3. Personal characteristics, for example: • Age or Date of Birth • National origin • Disability • Citizenship • Military status 4. Commercial information, for example: • Online shopping cart information • Purchase history • Order and product information 5. Internet or network activity, for example: Interactions with our services or sites • Shopping history 6. Geolocation data, for example: • Global Positioning System (GPS) information when you give us permission through your device settings IP-based geolocation 7. Audio, electronic, visual, biometric, or similar information, for example: • Call recordings when you talk to customer service • Voice identification, when you consent to this biometric method of authentication • Profile pictures you provide • Photo IDs you voluntarily provide to authenticate your account, which we delete immediately upon authentication. 8. Professional or employment information, for example: • Business information, contact emails and phone numbers • Tax IDs 9. Information we infer based on your personal information, for example: • Fraud and risk assessments • Personalization preferences Personal information How we collect personal information about you We may collect personal information about you from various sources, for example from: • You, when you use PayPal or another PayPal service, such as Xoom, Hyperwallet, or Venmo • Merchants • Our payment partners, such as card networks and payment processors • Financial institutions, such as banks • Credit bureaus • Service providers, such as companies that help us manage risk and fraud, deliver services to you, and market our services If you have an account with PayPal, we will associate information from all these sources with your account to improve your experience and for compliance and analytics purposes.We do not knowingly collect personal information from people who are not allowed to use our sites and services, such as children under the age of 13 or pursuant to the applicable user agreements. Contact us if you believe that we've mistakenly collected personal information from someone not allowed to use our services. We'll delete it immediately, unless we're legally required to keep it. How we use tracking technologies like cookies We or our authorized service providers may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect personal information whenever you use our services, visit our sites, or visit websites that offer our services. The information collected with these technologies helps us personalize your experience, measure the effect of our ads, prevent fraud, and enhance the security of our sites and service. You can disable or decline some cookies for our sites and services. But, since some parts of our service rely on cookies to work, those services could become difficult or impossible to use. Some web browsers have an optional setting called "Do Not Track" (DNT) that lets you opt-out of being tracked by advertisers and some third parties. Because many of our services won't function without tracking data, we do not respond to DNT settings. If you want to know more about how we use cookies, read our Cookie Statement. To learn how to opt-out of this kind of tracking technology, visit About Ads. Why we collect personal information We collect personal information for many reasons, including to improve your experience, and to run our business. Specific reasons why we collect your personal information include: 1. Run our sites and provide better services, for example to help you send or request money, send payouts, make purchases, show you your account information, verify access to your account, and keep your account and payment information up to date. 2. Manage and improve our business. For example, we do user research to improve our products' performance and abilities. We also monitor and analyze our sites to help ensure they work as expected. 3. Protect our business and our customers from risk and fraud, including fraud that involves our business partners, strategic ventures, or other individuals and merchants. 4. Send you marketing information about our products and services. We may use personal information to market about our partners, such as merchants. We use personal information to better understand and cater to your interests. 5. Personalize your experience when you use our sites and services, as well as other third-party sites and services. In this case, we might use tracking technologies like cookies. See our Cookie Statement for more details. 6. Send you locally relevant options, but only if you agree to let us track your location. If you do, this can help us enhance the security of our sites and services, and customize our services by using the right language and personalizing content such as ads and search results. 7. Make it easy for you to find and connect with others. For instance, if you let us access your contacts, we can suggest connections with people you may know. 8. Contact you when you need us, such as answering a question you sent to our customer service team. 9. Comply with laws and enforce our agreements with you and other people who use our services. 10. If you choose to receive a digital receipt via email or text when completing a payment in-store, we'll remember your choice the next time you check-out with the same payment card. How and why we share personal information about you We do not sell your personal information. However, we may share personal information across our services and with other members of the PayPal corporate family, including with Honey to manage our Rewards program. Sometimes we share the personal information we collect with third parties to help us provide services, protect our customers from risk and fraud, market our products, and comply with legal obligations. You can review the personal information that we may share by reviewing The personal information we collect section. We may share personal information with: 1. Other members of the PayPal corporate family, including our brands such as Venmo, Honey, Happy Returns, Chargehound, and Hyperwallet. For example, we share data with Honey to manage our Rewards program. 2. Service providers that help us with processing payments, marketing, research, compliance, audits, corporate governance, communications, and security 3. Card networks and payment processors 4. Financial institutions, such as banks we partner with to offer joint products, like Synchrony Bank in connection with PayPal Credit, PayPal Savings, the PayPal Cashback Mastercard, and the PayPal Extras Mastercard 5. Credit reporting and collections agencies 6.Courts, governments, regulators, and law enforcement when accompanied by a subpoena or other legal documentation that requires PayPal or members of our corporate family to respond 7. People involved in a transaction, such as other users or merchants and their service providers. 8. Third parties that you asked us to connect with, such as other financial or social media apps. If you want us to stop sharing information with a third party, disconnect your account from that third party. 9. Third-party tools used to help fight spam and abuse. For instance, we use ReCaptcha to help determine whether you're a person or a computer. When you use ReCaptcha, your personal information is subject to Google's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. 10. Other third parties to: Investigate or enforce violations of our user agreement o Comply with laws o Facilitate a merger, purchase, or sale of part or all of our business o Comply with card association rules o To prevent physical harm or illegal activity How we protect your personal information Helping to keep your personal information safe against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, and alteration is our top priority. To protect your personal information, we use technical, physical, and administrative security measures that include: • Firewalls • Data encryption • Physical access controls at our data centers While we protect our systems and services, you're responsible for keeping your password(s) and account information private. You are also responsible for making sure your personal information is accurate and up to date. If your account is closed, we may keep your personal information and other information as required by law and according to our data retention policy. If we do, we'll continue to handle it as we describe in this statement. How this statement changes over time We'll make changes to this privacy statement from time to time. This helps us stay up to date with changes to our business and the most current laws. After a new version is published, we'll collect, store, use, and protect your personal information as we outline in that revised statement. If the new version reduces your rights or increases your responsibilities, we'll post it on the Policy Updates or Privacy Statement page of our website at least 21 days before it becomes effective. We may notify you about these changes through email or other communications. Contact Us If you have questions about this privacy statement or your personal information, contact us so we can help. To talk about your PayPal account: • Call PayPal Customer Service at 1-888-221-1161 • or visit our Customer Service web portal To talk about your Xoom account: • Call Xoom Customer Service at 1-877-815-1531 • or visit our Help Center web portal To talk about your Hyperwallet account: • Call Hyperwallet Customer Service at 1-877-546-8220 • or send an email to privacyofficier@hyperwallet.com Consumer Privacy Notice Last update: March 21, 2022 FACTS WHAT DOES PAYPAL DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? Why? What? Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do. The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include: • Social Security number and account balances • Payment history or transaction history • Credit history or credit scores When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice. How? All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons PayPal chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing. This Consumer Privacy Notice applies to you if you are an individual who resides in the United States and uses PayPal sites or services for your own personal, family, or household purposes. This Consumer Privacy Notice does not apply to PayPal card processing products such as Braintree or Pro VT. Does PayPal share? Can you limit this sharing? Reasons we can share your personal information For our everyday business purposes - such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and services to you Yes Yes For joint marketing with other financial companies Yes For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your Yes transactions and experiences For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness For our affiliates to market to you For nonaffiliates to market to you Questions?We don't share We don't share We don't share Call our customer service at 1-888-221-1161or visit us at https://www.paypal.com/us/smarthelp/contact- us/privacy. Who we are Who is providing this Privacy Statement? This privacy notice is provided by PayPal, Inc. and is applicable to your personal U.S. PayPal and/or Xoom accounts. What we do How does PayPal protect my personal information? How does PayPal collect my personal information? Why can't I limit all sharing? To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. We collect your personal information, for example, when you • open an account or provide account information • use your credit or debit card or give us your contact information • use your PayPal and/or Xoom account to send or receive funds We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies. Federal law gives you the right to limit only sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness affiliates from using your information to market to you sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more information on your rights under state law. Definitions Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies. • Our affiliates include Bill Me Later, Inc. Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies. • Nonaffiliates with which we share personal information include service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf. A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you. • Our joint marketing partners include financial companies and banks, such as Synchrony Bank. Affiliates Nonaffiliates Joint Marketing Other important information We may transfer personal information to other countries, for example, for customer service or to process transactions. California: The California Consumer Act of 2018 (CCPA) permits consumers who are California residents to ask businesses covered under the act about personal information it has collected about the consumer, submit an access or deletion request, and opt-out of the sale of personal information, if applicable. These provisions do not apply to personal information collected, processed, shared, or disclosed by financial institutions pursuant to federal law such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Contact us if you have questions about our privacy statement, this consumer notice, or your personal information. If your PayPal account has a California mailing address, we will not share personal information we collect about you except to the extent permitted under California law. To talk about your PayPal account, call PayPal Customer Service at 1-888-221-1161 or visit our Customer Service web portal. To talk about your Xoom account, call Xoom Customer Service at 1-877-815-1531 or visit our Help Center web portal. Vermont: If your PayPal account has a Vermont mailing address, we will not share personal information we collect about you with non-affiliates unless the law allows or you provide authorization. Nevada: If your PayPal account has a Nevada mailing address, we are providing this notice pursuant to Nevada law. If you prefer not to receive marketing calls from PayPal, you may be placed on our internal Do Not Call List by calling 1-888-221-1161 or going to https://www.paypal.com/smarthelp/home. For more information, you can contact PayPal at 12312 Port Grace Blvd, La Vista, NE 68128 or you can contact the Bureau of Consumer Protection, Office of the Nevada Attorney General, 555 E. Washington St., Suite 3900, Las Vegas, NV 89101; telephone number: 1-702-486-3132; email: Aginfo@ag.nv.govDisclosure & Payment Compliance How to Shape Policies That Gain Customer Conﬁdence PayPal Business Guide Make your customers feel secure by telling them about your business practices and what you plan to do with the ﬁnancial information they give you. Introduction Selling you products or services online is a great way to start a new business or extend an existing brick-and-mortar business. While the internet and digital technology are transforming commerce, some business basics haven't changed for thousands of years. The relationship between sellers and buyers has always been based on integrity and trust. Trust-building practices, such as personal contact and handshake agreements, are impossible with the internet, but there are ways to communicate honesty and security to your customers while building long-term success. With your online business, you'll likely be accepting credit and debit card payments and managing names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, credit or debit card numbers, and other ﬁnancial information. You'll want to make your customers feel secure by telling them about your business and business practices, as well as what you plan to do with the personal and ﬁnancial information they give you. That's what your "disclosure policy" is all about. Your other responsibility to your customers is to ensure that this personal and ﬁnancial data is protected. An industry standard known as Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard was adopted in 2004 as the result of a collaboration between the various card associations to protect customer information. As a merchant that stores, processes, and transmits credit card data you - and your service providers - are required to comply with this payment standard. Like your disclosure policy, your compliance with PCI helps build good relationships with your customers. Disclosure & Compliance - 2 Disclosure Policy - What You'll Want to Tell Your Customers Your disclosure policy tells your customers that you're honest and dependable - and that you care about them and protecting their information. It shows your customers that you believe in transparency and accountability. It provides a framework and standards for your business policies, how you deal with your customer information, and how you communicate with your customers. Your disclosure policy typically includes ﬁve things: a business description, privacy policy, shipping policy, return policy, and contact information. The more your customers know about you, the more comfortable they'll be giving you their business. So be honest, open, direct, and precise. Here are more details about the ﬁve areas you should cover: 1. Business description. This is simple enough. Write a clear description of what your company does, including what products and services it provides. Post it in a prominent place on your website, often the "About Us" section. Here is an example, using PayPal's business description. 2. Privacy policy. Your privacy policy should clearly state how you treat and protect your customers' information. It's essential that your policy is easy to ﬁnd on your website, usually linked from your homepage. Typical elements of a privacy policy include: • What personally identiﬁable customer information you collect • How the information is used • With whom you share and do not share this information • What choices are available to your customers regarding collection, use, and distribution of the information • What choices are available to your customers regarding communications from you - email, direct mail, etc. • The kind of security procedures in place to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of information under your control • How your customers can correct any inaccuracies in the information Here is an example, using PayPal's privacy policy. 3. Shipping policy. You've made the sale. Your customers are anxious to get their purchases. So keep that excitement and positive momentum going with a shipping policy that's simple and straightforward: • Spell out your shipping terms in detail, disclosing if costs are determined by weight or the amount of the purchase • Indicate the classes of shipping you offer - ground, express, overnight, etc. • Indicate if you ship to APO, FPO, and international addresses • Tell your customers in what timeframe they can expect their purchase • Show your customers how they can track their shipment. (Your shippers should be able to provide most of this information for you.) Your disclosure policy typically includes: • Business description • Privacy policy • Shipping policy • Return policy • Contact information Disclosure & Compliance - 3 By allowing your customers to return an item in a timely fashion - and making it easy to do so - you are gaining their loyalty. 4. Return policy. Your customers love simplicity - and forgiveness. They sometimes make mistakes and order the wrong products.They may be unfamiliar with what they are ordering, and it's not what they had in mind. By allowing your customers to return an item in a timely fashion - and making it easy to do so - you are gaining their loyalty. A clear return policy also comes in handy if the order arrives damaged. So make it easy for them to initiate returns: • Spell out exactly what your return policy is, for example that you accept returns only as exchanges or you accept returns and will credit their payment card • Be speciﬁc about how many days after purchase the item can be returned in order to get a credit or exchange • Let them know if you charge a restocking fee on returns • Include a return shipping label with every order • Provide clear return instructions, such as asking for a reason for the return and a telephone number in case you have questions • Provide guidance on how to pack the return and where they should bring it to ship it back to you • Include your customer service number or email address in case customers have questions or comments. 5. Contact information. Keep the channels of communication open. Make it easy to your customers to get in touch with you: • Give examples of reasons they may want to contact you, for example questions about privacy policy, return policy, availability of goods, etc. • Provide a phone number, and give the days and hours the phone lines are answered • Provide an email address, and give a timeframe when an answer can be expected • Provide a mailing address, and suggest to whose attention it should be addressed Here is an example, using PayPal's contact information. Disclosure & Compliance - 4 Secure Payment Processing Ensures Customer Trust PayPal's solutions provide secure, reliable payment connections among merchants, customers, and ﬁnancial networks. They take advantage of the latest technical resources to streamline transactions, while helping to prevent fraud. Products including Payﬂow Link, Payﬂow Pro, Website Payments Standard, and Website Payments Pro allow everyone from mom-and-pop online retail stores to enterprise-level businesses to process transactions easily, reliably, and securely. What's more, additional options will allow you to scale quickly and seamlessly as your business grows. PayPal's Fraud Protection Services and Recurring Billing Service for Payﬂow Gateway, along with other customer service packages, include professional integration support. Most importantly, Payﬂow offers one of the industry's few payment processing services with immediate connectivity to all major processors and most shopping carts. Please note that you do not need a PayPal account to process credit cards on your website if you use the Payﬂow Gateway. Once you have your own website, determining which product is right for you is a matter of asking a few simple questions: 1. Do you need an all-in-one solution that includes an internet merchant account and allows you to process credit cards online? If you don't have your own internet merchant or business bank account, PayPal can provide a total solution with Website Payments Standard and Website Payments Pro. Website Payments Pro: Website Payments Pro is an all-in-one payment solution that allows customers to shop and pay on your site. You can accept credit cards directly on your site, or through a virtual terminal, and get the features of a merchant account and gateway through a single provider at a lower cost. Website Payments Pro allows you to control your checkout from start to ﬁnish. Get more information on Website Payments Pro. Website Payments Standard: Website Payments Standard lets customers shop on your website and pay on PayPal. It offers a pay-per-use model with no set-up or monthly fees. Like Website Payments Pro, it includes shipping and tax calculators, reporting tools to measure your business, and support for international currencies. Get more information on Website Payments Standard. 2. Do you have your own internet merchant account or business bank account that allows you to process credit cards online? If you do, consider a PayPal Payﬂow Gateway. Payflow Pro: Scalable and fully customizable, the Payﬂow Pro solution is recommended for merchants who require peak site performance and direct control over payment functionality on their site. Merchants using this service can enhance the customer experience by allowing shoppers to complete the checkout process without ever leaving their site. Get more information on Payﬂow Pro. PayPal's payment products allow everyone from mom-and-pop online retail stores to enterprise- level businesses to process transactions easily, reliably, and securely. Disclosure & Compliance - 5 Merchants can use PayPal as an alternative payment option along with credit cards such as MasterCard and Visa. 3. Do you need a basic payment processing service? Look ﬁrst to a basic PayPal service for processing credit cards payments.These include: PayPal Email Payments: Email Payments lets you send customers email invoices that they can pay on PayPal. This simple solution does not require you to have a shopping cart or an internet merchant account. Get more information on Email Payments. PayPal Virtual Terminal: Virtual Terminal provides your business with the same functionality as a stand-alone, credit card-processing terminal by allowing you to accept credit card payments by phone, fax, and email. You can use Virtual Terminal on any computer with an internet connection. Get more information on Virtual Terminal. PayPal as an Additional Payment Option: This option allows merchants to put the PayPal logo on their own website and accept PayPal as an alternative payment source, in addition to credit cards such as MasterCard or Visa. Get more information on PayPal as an Additional Payment Option. For further details about online payment processing, download the new business guide, "Online Payment Processing: What You Need to Know." For demonstrations of PayPal's payment solutions, download the ﬂash demos here: Website Payments Pro Demo Website Payments Standard Demo Email Payments Demo Payﬂow Pro Demo PayPal as an Additional Payment Option Demo Disclosure & Compliance - 6 Payment Compliance - Safeguarding Your Customers' Account Information PCI data security compliance assures your customers that you're looking out for their safety and well-being. Just as a disclosure policy describes your business and states your business practices, your compliance with the PCI Data Security Standard [see chart below] communicates how much you care about your customers and reinforces an atmosphere of safety for all online merchants. Consumers are becoming increasingly aware of the dangers of identity theft due to compromised data and stolen credit card information. PCI compliance assures your customers that you're looking out for their safety and well-being. Approach it with that in mind, and you transform compliance into a competitive edge and asset instead of a dreaded "must do." Today, virtually all major credit card companies, including American Express®, Diners Club®, Discover® Card, JCB®, MasterCard International®, and Visa® U.S.A., require merchants and service providers to comply with the PCI standard. When you process credit card transactions through a merchant account, you also need to meet PCI validation requirements, including quarterly and annual audits, security self-assessments, and security scans. Your exact validation requirements are determined by your volume of credit card transactions. While validating that you're in compliance with the PCI standard is a requirement [see chart on page 8], it's also an opportunity. Finding and ﬁxing compliance gaps before your audit keeps your company running smoothly and your reputation intact. It provides you with tangible proof that you can communicate to your customers on how well you're protecting them. The quickest and easiest way to meet PCI compliance standards is to outsource the job. A number of PayPal payment solutions are hosted, relieving the online merchant of the compliance responsibility. The PayPal Gateway payment solution, which allows the merchant to handle credit data, does require compliance and validation by the merchants themselves. For more information about PayPal payment solutions and PCI standards, contact PayPal using the contact details on page 10 of this business guide. PCI Data Security Standard Standards Requirements Build and Maintain a Secure Network Protect Cardholder Data Maintain a Vulnerability Management Program Implement Strong Access Control Measures 1. Install and maintain a ﬁrewall conﬁguration to protect data. 2. Do not use vendor-supplied defaults for system passwords and other security parameters. 3. Protect stored data. 4. Encrypt transmission of cardholder data and sensitive information across public networks. 5. Use and regularly update antivirus software. 6. Develop and maintain secure systems and applications. 7. Restrict access to data by business need-to-know. 8. Assign a unique ID to each person with computer access. 9. Restrict physical access to cardholder data. Regularly Monitor and Test Networks 10. Track and monitor all access to network resources and cardholder data. 11. Regularly test security systems and processes. Maintain an Information Security Policy 12. Maintain a policy that addresses information security. Disclosure & Compliance - 7 Merchant levels for PCI compliance The compliance level of each merchant is the responsibility of the merchant's acquiring bank (a bank that provides credit card merchant accounts and is responsible for submitting credit card purchase information to the credit card associations). The four merchant levels are based on annual credit card transaction volume. Level 1 Any merchant - regardless of acceptance channel - processing over 6 million credit card transactions per year.Any merchant that has suffered a hack or an attack that resulted in an account data compromise. Any merchant identiﬁed by any card association as Level 1. Level 2 Any merchant processing 150,000 to 6 million e-commerce transactions per year. Level 3 Any merchant processing 20,000 to 150,000 e-commerce transactions per year. Level 4 Any merchant processing fewer than 20,000 e-commerce transactions per year, and all other merchants processing up to 6,000,000 credit card transactions per year. PCI compliance validation requirements In addition to adhering to the PCI Data Security Standard, compliance validation is required for Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3 merchants, and may be required for Level 4 merchants. Validation Action Validated By Level 1 Annual Onsite PCI Data Security Assessment and Quarterly Network Scan Qualiﬁed Data Security Company or Internal Audit if signed by Ofﬁcer of the company Qualiﬁed Independent Scan Vendor Level 2 and 3 Annual PCI Self-Assessment Questionnaire Merchant and Quarterly Network Scan Qualiﬁed Independent Scan Vendor Level 4* Annual PCI Self-Assessment Questionnaire Merchant and Quarterly Network Scan Qualiﬁed Independent Scan Vendor *Level 4 merchants must comply with the PCI Data Security Standard; however, compliance validation for merchants in this category is determined by the merchant's acquirer. Disclosure & Compliance - 8 Beyond Payment Security and Compliance: What PayPal Is Doing to Protect Your Business Against Fraud PayPal's proprietary risk models help detect and predict fraudulent transactions - before they affect your business. The security of your information, transactions, and money is the top priority at PayPal. PayPal Fraud Protection Services leverages the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol, which provides crucial online identity and security to help establish trust between parties involved in e-commerce transactions. Your customers can be assured that the website they're communicating with is genuine and that the information they send through web browsers stays private and conﬁdential. Moreover, using SSL with an encryption key length of 128 bits (the highest level commercially available), PayPal automatically encrypts your conﬁdential information in transit from your computer to PayPal's servers, which are heavily guarded both physically and electronically. These servers sit behind a monitored electronic ﬁrewall and are not connected directly to the internet, so your private information is available only to authorized computers. PayPal also helps protect your business against fraud, so you can grow while minimizing losses. Proprietary risk models help detect and predict fraudulent transactions - before they affect your business. Industry-recognized address veriﬁcation system (AVS) and card security code checks thwart identity theft. Patent-pending bank account veriﬁcation adds an additional level of authentication. Veriﬁcation gives you more information about the people with whom you transact through PayPal, so you can make more informed decisions. For more details about ways to prevent online credit card fraud and complete information about PayPay's solutions and services, download the new business guide, "Fraud Prevention: What Every Merchant Should Know About Internet Fraud." Disclosure & Compliance - 9 Additional Resources About Disclosure and Compliance There are other online resources that can help you in developing your own disclosure policy and meeting PCI compliance requirements. They include: • The Privacy Planner from BBBOnLine: It can help you create a simple, solid, online privacy policy for your e-commerce business: http://www.privacyplanner.com. • The Direct Marketing Association (DMA) offers a small business- friendly online privacy policy generator: http://www.the-dma.org/privacy/privacypolicygenerator.shtml. • The Federal Trade Commission offers valuable information on preventing identity theft at: http://www.consumer.gov/idtheft/. Also be sure to visit the central FTC site at http://www.ftc.gov/ for additional information and advice. • Both the Visa and MasterCard websites have extensive information about meeting PCI Payment Data Security Standards: http://www.visa.com and http://www.mastercard.com. PayPal is always available to answer your questions and provide guidance on establishing and developing your e-commerce site. Remember that PayPal is always available to answer your questions and provide guidance on compliance best practices for your e-commerce site. For more information, visit the PayPal site at https://www.paypal.com and follow the Merchant Services links. Questions about the information you've just read? PayPal is here to help. Send a question, and we'll get you an answer in two business days: http://www.paypal.com/Questions. Or if you have a question and need an immediate answer, call a sales representative at 1-866-784-3640, Monday through Friday, 6:00 AM CT to 7:00 PM CT.PayPal Business Guide - Disclosure & Compliance © 2006 PayPal, Inc. All rights reserved. PayPal, Payﬂow, and the PayPal logo are registered trademarks of PayPal, Inc. Designated trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners. Notice of Non-Liability PayPal, Inc. and the authors assume no liability for errors or omissions, or for damages, resulting from the use of this guide or the information contained in this guide. Disclosure & Compliance - 10Download PDF PayPal >> View all legal agreements PayPal Privacy Statement Effective Date: January 1, 2023 1. Overview 2. Non-Account Holders 3. Categories of Personal Information We Collect 4. How is Personal Information used? 5. Do We Disclose Personal Information, and why? 6. How long does PayPal store your Personal Information? 7. How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies? 8. Your Data Protection Rights 9. How Do We Protect Your Personal Information? 10. Can Children Use Our Services? 11. Definitions 12. Our Contact Information 13. California Privacy Notice of Collection 14. US Consumer Privacy Notice 1. Overview This Privacy Statement applies to PayPal and aims to provide you with sufficient information regarding our use of your Personal Information when you visit our website, apply for, or use our services (collectively, the "Services"). We encourage you to read this Privacy Statement and to use it to help you make informed decisions. Certain capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined in the Statement are explained in Section 11 ("Definitions"). We revise this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect changes to our business, Services, or applicable laws. If the revised version requires notice in accordance with applicable law, we will provide you with 30 days prior notice by posting notice of the change on the "Policy Updates" or "Privacy Statement" page of our website, otherwise the revised Privacy Statement will be effective as of the published effective date. 2. Non-Account Holders Our Services may be accessed by individuals without a PayPal account or profile. We will collect Personal Information from you even if you are a non-account holder when you use our Services, such as when you use our Services without a PayPal account, use Unbranded Payment Services (e.g., Braintree and Zettle), or when you receive a payment through our Services from account holders ("Recipient"). We may connect this information with your account, if you have one at the time you use the Service without logging in, or if you create an account later. With your consent, we may also save your credit card information for future use. When you shop on Partner and Merchant sites, the partner or merchant may disclose Personal Information with PayPal that will be used in accordance with this Privacy Statement and the relevant PayPal user agreement. 3. Categories of Personal Information We Collect Categories of Personal Data collected from you, including from your interactions with us and use of the Services: • Personal Identifiers: Such as name, Business Name, Address, Phone Number, Email, IP address, Device Information, Information collected from cookies or other tracking technologies, other information necessary to establish an account • Records and Financial Information: Such as, bank account and routing numbers, credit and debit card information, amount you send or request, other financial information • Commercial Information: Such as online shopping cart information, shopping activity on merchant sites, purchase history, and order tracking and product information • Geolocation: We may collect IP-based geolocation data and Global Positioning System (GPS) with your consent during your user experience or based on your mobile application settings. Internet or network activity: interactions with our Services, Information about response time for web pages, download errors, date and time when you used the service, Location Information, such as your IP address, statistics regarding how pages are loaded or viewed, the websites you visited before coming to the Sites and other usage and browsing information collected through Cookies ("Technical Usage Data") • Biometric: When you consent in the user experience, we collect voice identification or face scans to authenticate your account • Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information: Call recordings when you talk to customer service • Professional or employment information: including business information, contact emails, phone numbers and taxpayer ID numbers Imported Contact Information: including name, address, phone number, images, email address or usernames associated with the contacts • Account Profile Information: username, profile picture, gender, or personal description which you add that may include sensitive Personal Information.You can set your profile to "Private" at any time Information you provide when you contact us: Your response to surveys, recorded conversations, chat conversations with us, email correspondence with us, account status, repayment history, voice identification, Information about others if you choose to share it with us Inferred data: We may infer information about you such as your preferences and shopping behavior, based on your transactions and interactions with our Services • Characteristics of Protected Classifications: including age or date of birth, national origin, disability, citizenship, military status • Sensitive Personal Information: Social Security number, government-issued identification, bank account and routing numbers, credit and debit card information, voice identification and Photo IDs or Precise Geolocation Information from your device: including, language settings, browser ID, cookie preferences, time zone, operating system, platform, screen resolution and similar information about your device settings, data collected from cookies or other tracking technologies We may also obtain the above categories of Personal Information from the following categories of sources: • PayPal or PayPal Companies • Third parties: including Service Providers, Partners and Merchants, Payment Partners, such as card networks and payment processors, Credit Reporting Agencies, Government Entities, Data Brokers, and Financial Institutions • Connected Accounts: Non-financial or financial accounts you agree to link to PayPal, such as social network accounts, mail accounts or for open banking. You may change your mind about use of this feature and unlink your connected accounts at any time. If you choose to link these accounts or share such information with us, we will periodically collect and process it until you disconnect the account • Third Party Applications: Applications that you choose to use for example, the Apple App Store, Google Play Store, or social networking sites 4. How is Personal Information used? We may process your Personal Information for a variety of reasons, including to provide our Services, for security and fraud prevention and to comply with law. We may also use personal data with your consent to participate in certain features that while not necessary for use of the Services may be of interest to you, such as syncing your contact list to your account, targeted advertising, or connecting to a third-party platform. We may collect Personal Information to: • Provide our Services: such as to help you send or request money, initiate a payment, add monetary value to an account, pay a bill, administer your purchases, show you your account information, to assess your creditworthiness in connection with our Services, confirm your identity and your contact information, to authenticate your access to your account and to confirm your Account and financial information is accurate and up to date. • Provide receipts in connection with Zettle services: For buyers using our Zettle services, you may choose to provice us your contact details so that we can send you digital receipts. • Manage and improve our Services: for example, to develop new products and features, for customer analysis, to administer our Services, and for internal operations, for example troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, and statistical purposes. • Manage fraud and risk: We conduct risk analysis, fraud prevention and risk management to protect our customers and business, including fraud that involves our Partners and Merchants and strategic ventures. • Associate information about you: if you use our Services without a PayPal account (e.g., Pay without a PayPal account) or Unbranded Payment Services (e.g., such as Braintree) we may associate such transactions with your account, if you have one or later establish an account. • Market our Services: We may use Personal Information to market our Services including where we partner with others to offer similar services to market about our Partners and Merchants. We use Personal Information to better understand and cater to your interests. • Communicate with you: We may contact you when you need us, such as answering a question you sent to our customer service team. • Comply with Laws: to comply with applicable laws and rules and enforce our agreements with you and other people who use our Services. • Process information about your contacts: to make it easy for you to find and connect them, improve payment accuracy and suggest connections with people you may know. By providing us with information about your contacts you certify that you have permission to provide that information to PayPal for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement. • Create an account connection between your Account and a third-party account or platform: such as with a social media account or a financial institution in connection with your participation in Open Banking.• Send you locally relevant options: If you agree to let us track your location, we can enhance your security of our Services and customize our Services by using the right language and personalizing content such as providing location-specific options, functionality or offers, ads and search results. • Remember your preferences: We may remember your preferences for the next time you use the Services, such as whether you choose to receive digital receipts via email or text when you checkout. • Personalize your experience: When you use Services, as well as other third-party sites and services we might use tracking technologies like cookies. See our Cookie Statement for more details. 5. Do We Disclose Personal Information, and why? We do not sell Personal Information to third parties for money or share your Personal Information for cross context behavioral advertising, including any Sensitive Personal Information. However, we will disclose your Personal Information with third parties to help us provide Services, protect our customers from risk and fraud, market our products, and comply with legal obligations. In addition, we may disclose Personal Information with: • PayPal and PayPal Companies, including our brands such as Venmo to provide you with the Services and to manage our business or with PayPal Honey to manage our Rewards program. • Authorities, when accompanied by a subpoena or other legal documentation that requires PayPal or PayPal Companies to respond. Such authorities include courts, governments, law enforcement, and regulators. We may also be required to provide other third parties information about your use of our Services, for example to comply with card association rules, to investigate or enforce violations of our user agreement or to prevent physical harm or illegal activity. • Other financial institutions, to jointly offer a product, such as PayPal Credit, PayPal Savings, PayPal Cashback Mastercard and PayPal Extra Mastercard. • Card networks and payment processors, to facilitate payment processing or to add cards to your electronic wallet. • Fraud prevention and identity verification agencies, for example to assist us in detecting activities suggestive of fraud. • Credit reporting and debt collection agencies, for example to collect unpaid overdue debts through a third party such as a debt collection agency. • Service providers that operate at our direction and on our behalf to perform services we outsource to them, such as processing payments, marketing, research, compliance, audits, corporate governance, communications, IT development, maintenance, hosting and support and customer service operations. • Other Users in accordance with your Account Settings. You may choose to display or make certain information available to other Users, such as your profile photo, first and last name, username, or city in accordance with your Account Settings. • Connected accounts, for example any social media accounts you asked us to connect or when you initiate an Account connection with another bank or financial institutions, card account, or aggregator in connection with your participation in Open Banking, so we can check if you have sufficient funds or confirm your ownership of the account. • Partners and Merchants, their service providers and others involved in a transaction, for example when you use the Services to initiate online purchases, pay other Users, or return goods we may disclose information about you and your Account with the other parties (or their service providers) involved in processing your transactions. Please note that Personal Information shared with Partners and Merchants (or their service providers) involved in a transaction is subject to the Partners and Merchants own privacy policy and procedures. • Other third parties, for example we disclose Personal Information to advertising platforms at your direction, or security service providers to help prevent unauthorized access to our Services. Please be aware that these parties' privacy notice applies to the Personal Information that you share directly with them. For example, we use Google's reCAPTCHA to prevent misuse of our Services, when you access our mobile application. We may also use Google Address Autofill to ensure accuracy of your address. Google's Privacy Policy and Terms of Use apply to the Personal Information you share with them. • Buyers or in connection with business transfer, for example if we are involved in a merger, a purchase or sale of all or part of our business or assets, we may disclose your Personal Information to a buyer of those business or assets. If PayPal or a significant portion of PayPal's assets are acquired by a third party, Personal Information may also be disclosed. We may disclose your sensitive personal information as appropriate to carry out legitimate business activities allowed by law. 6. How long does PayPal store your Personal Information?We retain Personal Information for as long as needed or permitted in context of the purpose for which it was collected and consistent with applicable law. The criteria used to determine our retention period is as follows: • Personal Information used for the ongoing relationship between you and PayPal is stored for the duration of the relationship plus a period of 10 years, unless we need to keep it longer, such as: o a legal obligation or compliance with laws to which we are subject is retained consistent with the applicable law, such as under applicable bankruptcy laws and AML obligations litigation, investigations, audit and compliance practices, or to protect against legal claims. 7. How Do We Use Cookies and Tracking Technologies? When you interact with our Services, open email we send you, or visit a third-party website for which we provide Services, we and our partners use cookies and other tracking technologies such as pixel tags, web beacons, and widgets (collectively, "Cookies") to recognize you as a user, customize your online experiences and online content, including to serve you interest-based advertising, perform analytics; mitigate risk and prevent potential fraud, and promote trust and safety across our Services. We use Cookies to collect your device information, internet activity information, and inferences as described above. You can disable or decline some cookies for our Services. But, since some parts of our service rely on cookies to work, those services could become difficult or impossible to use. Some web browsers have an optional setting called "Do Not Track" (DNT) that lets you opt-out of being tracked by advertisers and some third parties. Because many of our services won't function without tracking data, we do not respond to DNT settings. If you want to know more about how we use cookies, please review our Statement on Cookies and Tracking Technologies to learn more about our use of Cookies. To learn how to opt-out of this kind of tracking technology, visit About Ads. 8. Your Data Protection Rights Your rights to access, correction, deletion, and restriction to use or share your information. Under applicable data protection law, you have certain rights to how your Personal Information is collected, stored, used and shared. We recognize the importance of your ability to control the use of your Personal Information and provide several ways for you to exercise your rights to access (right to know), correction, deletion (erasure), and to restrict certain information (right to opt out of sharing and right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information). We will not deny you services, charge you different prices, or provide you with a different level of service solely for exercising your privacy rights. If you are a California resident, learn more about how we have handled your Privacy Rights. How do you exercise your rights? If you, or an authorized agent, want to exercise any of your rights relating to your Personal Information, contact us or submit your request from your Account Settings. If you have an account, you can exercise your privacy rights by accessing "Data and Privacy" from Account Settings in the PayPal app. Even if you do not have an account (for example, where you use Payment without a PayPal account), you can submit a request for access, correction, or deletion of your information for your Payment without a PayPal account by contacting us at the number provided in the Contact Us section. If you or an authorized agent submit a request, we'll first need to verify who you are before we can respond to your request. We may ask you to provide us with information necessary to reasonably verify your identity before responding to your request. We will compare the information you submit against our internal business records to verify your identity. If we can't verify your identity, we will not be able to fulfill your request. If we deny your request in whole or in part, you may have the right to appeal the decision. In such circumstances, we will provide you with information regarding the appeals process. Your right to request a copy of the Personal Information. If you want to make a request to know about the data we've collected about you in the past 12 months, you have choices: • Log in to your account and submit a request • Call or contact us and request that we provide you with the data we've collected. Your right to correct your Personal Information: • Log in to your account and correct information you previously added. For example, you can edit your addresses in your settings • Call or contact us and request that we correct specific information Your right to delete your Personal Information: • Log in to your account and delete information you previously added.For example, you can delete your profile picture and non-primary addresses in your settings • Call us or contact us and request that we delete specific information • Close your account If you close your account or request that we delete Personal Information, we still need to keep some Personal Information as explained in How long does PayPal store your Personal Information section so we can: • Complete a transaction, provide goods or services you requested, or comply with our promises to you in the user agreement or other contract you have with us • Detect and prevent malicious, fraudulent, or illegal activity • Protect your (or another person's) legal rights, including the right to free speech • Manage our internal business processes that are reasonably related to your expectations when using our Services • Comply with laws and other legal or governmental processes California also offers a right to opt out of "Selling" and "Sharing" Personal Information. Global Privacy Control setting is a browser setting that notifies website owners of users' privacy preferences regarding selling or sharing their personal information. PayPal does not respond to these settings because we do not sell or share data. Some Personal Information collected, processed, or disclosed by a financial institution are subject to federal laws, such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Consumers may read our Consumer Privacy Notice for more information about their rights under US federal law. Understanding your choices You can control how Personal Information is collected or disclosed, as well as how we communicate with you. Here are some of the ways you can customize your choices. Choose how we collect Personal Information You may choose to limit the Personal Information you provide when our apps or Services request it. To help make choices that are right for you, it's important to understand that Personal Information helps us provide a richer, more personalized experience for you. Also, some Personal Information is required for our Services to function at all. For example, sharing your contacts helps make it easier for you to find the people you want to send money to. If you choose not to share your contacts with us, you can still use our mobile apps, but some actions may not be as fast or easy as it would be if shared your contacts. Another example is creating an account with us. If you choose not to provide information that is required for an account to function, like your name and email address, we will not be able to create an account for you. Choose how connected accounts collect and use Personal Information If you connect your account to a third-party service, you may be able to manage how your Personal Information is collected, used, and shared by them. Read the third parties' privacy policies to see the choices they offer you. You can control which third-party services you connect to your account and what Personal Information they can collect about you. For example, to manage the permissions, go to the Security settings in your PayPal account. Choose how we communicate with you Your choices about how we communicate with you differ depending on the purpose of the message and how it is delivered. Some messages are considered optional, and some are necessary for you to manage your accounts with us. We use email, text messages, push notifications on your mobile device, and even phone or paper mail depending on the situation and your preferences. You can click the unsubscribe link in a PayPal marketing email, opt out of a text message by replying "STOP," or turn off notifications on your device. You can also change your account's notification settings or the notification preferences on your device. You won't be able to opt out of messages that are considered necessary for the Services, such as digital receipts and emails that alert you to changes in your account's status. You may be able to decide how we send those messages, such as by email, phone, text message, or a notification on your mobile device. 9. How Do We Protect Your Personal Information? We maintain technical, physical, and administrative security measures designed to provide reasonable protection for your Personal Information against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, and alteration. The security measures include firewalls, data encryption, physical access controls to our data centers, and information access authorization controls. While we are dedicated to securing our systems and Services, you are responsible for securing and maintaining the privacy of your password(s) and Account/profile registration information and verifying that the Personal Information we maintain about you is accurate and current. We are not responsible for protecting any Personal Information that we share with a third-party based on an account connection that you have authorized. 10. Can Children Use Our Services?We do not knowingly collect information, including Personal Information, from children under the age of 13 or other individuals who are not legally able to use our Services. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected Personal Information from someone not allowed to use our Services, we will promptly delete it, unless we are legally obligated to retain such data. Please contact us if you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected information from someone not allowed to use our Services. We do not sell to third parties for money or share Personal Information of anyone under 16 years of age for cross context behavioral advertising. 11. Definitions • Device Information means data that can be automatically collected from any device used to access the Services. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your device type; your device's network connections; your device's name; your device IP address; information about your device's web browser and internet connection you use to access the Services; Geolocation Information; information about apps downloaded to your device; and biometric data. • Geolocation Information means information that identifies, with precise specificity, your location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through your GPS, or your device settings. • Location Information means information that identifies, with reasonable specificity, your approximate location by using, for instance, longitude and latitude coordinates obtained through GPS or Wi-Fi or cell site triangulation. • Partners and Merchants means our partners and the merchants, partners or businesses that our Users transact with for the purpose of obtaining goods or services. • Pay without a PayPal account means our Services may be accessed by individuals without a PayPal account or profile. • PayPal means PayPal, Inc. which includes Braintree, Xoom and Zettle. • PayPal Companies means companies or separate brands, affiliates or subsidiaries of PayPal, and who process Personal Information in accordance with their terms of service and privacy statements. PayPal Companies include Honey Science LLC, Chargehound LLC, Happy Returns, LLC, Hyperwallet, Simility, Swift Financial LLC, Bill Me Later, Inc., and Venmo. • Personal Information in this Privacy Statement means information about you, including your identity, finances and online behavior. • Sell under California law is defined as the disclosure of personal information to third parties in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration. • Services means any PayPal branded or Unbranded Payment Services, Pay without a PayPal account, Xoom services, bill pay, Rewards, sending or receiving money, credit products and services, content, features, technologies, or functions, and all related websites, applications and services offered to you by PayPal. Your use of the Services includes use of our Sites. • Sharing under California law is defined as the targeting of advertising to a consumer based on that consumer's personal information obtained from the consumer's activity across websites. • Sites means the websites, mobile apps, official social media platforms, or other online properties through which PayPal offers the Services and which has posted or linked to this Privacy Statement. • Unbranded Payment Services means when you are interacting with and making payments to Partners and Merchants using our card processing services that do not carry the PayPal brand or when you use our Zettle services. • User is any person who uses the Services as a consumer for personal or household use. For the purposes of this Notice, "User" includes "you" and "your." 12. Our Contact Information If you have questions about this Privacy Statement or your Personal Information, contact us so we can help. To talk about your PayPal account or Unbranded Payment Services: • Call PayPal Customer Service at 1-888-221-1161 • or visit our Customer Service web portal To talk about your Xoom account: • Call Xoom Customer Service at 1-877-815-1531 • or visit our Help Center web portal 13. California Privacy Notice of Collection Under the laws of California and certain other US states (i.e., Virginia), we are required to provide you with the following additional information about: (1) the purpose for which we use each category of "personal information" we collect; and (2) the categories of third parties to which we (a) disclose such personal information for a business purpose, (b) "share" personal information for "cross-context behavioral advertising," and/or (c) "sell" such personal information. Under California law, "sharing" is defined as the targeting of advertising to a consumer based on that consumer's personal information obtained from the consumer's activity across websites, and "selling" is defined as the disclosure of personal information to third parties in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration.We do not sell or share your Personal Information, including any Sensitive Personal Information. We also do not sell or share and have no actual knowledge that we have sold or shared any Personal Information of anyone under 16 years of age. For more information about each category, purpose of use, and the third parties to which we disclose information, please see the "Categories of Personal Information We Collect", "How is Personal Information used," and "Do We Disclose Personal Information" sections. Categories of Personal Information Purpose of Collection Identifiers Provide Services, communicate with you, create an account connection, manage and improve our Services, manage fraud and risk, market our Services, comply with Laws, process information about your contacts, communicate with you, provide receipts in connection with Zettle services, to remember your preferences, associate information about you Categories of 3rd Parties to which PayPal discloses this Personal Information for Business Purpose PayPal and PayPal Companies, Authorities, Other Financial Institutions, Card Networks and Payment Processors, fraud prevention and identity verification agencies, Credit Reporting Agencies, Service Providers, Other users in accordance with Account Settings, Connected Accounts, Partners and Merchants, Other third Parties, buyers in connection with a business transfer, Buyers or in connection with business transfer Provide Services, communicate with you, create an account connection, keep your Account and financial information up to date, manage and improve our Services, manage fraud and risk, market our Services, personalize your experience, provide personalized Services, comply with Laws, process information about your contacts, communicate with you Provide Services, communicate with you, manage and improve our Services, manage fraud and risk, market our Services, comply with Laws, remember your preferences, associate information about you Send you locally relevant options, manage fraud and risk Operate and provide Services, provide Services, communicate with you, manage and improve Services, market our Services, send you locally relevant options, comply with law Authenticate your access to account, manage fraud and risk PayPal and PayPal Companies, Authorities, other Financial Institutions, Card Networks and Payment Processors, fraud prevention and identity verification agencies, Credit Reporting Agencies, Service Providers, other Users in accordance with Account Settings, Connected Accounts, Partners and Merchants, Other third Parties for business purposes, buyers in connection with a business transfer, Buyers or in connection with business transfer PayPal and PayPal Companies, Service Providers, Authorities, Other Financial Institutions, Partners and Merchants, Other third Parties, Buyers or in connection with business transfer Authorities, PayPal and PayPal Companies, Service Providers, Other financial institutions, Partners and Merchants PayPal and PayPal Companies, Service Providers, Other financial institutions, Partners and Merchants, Authorities Service Providers Records and Financial Information Commercial information Geolocation Data Internet or network activity Biometric Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information Provide Services, authenticate your access to an Account, To manage and improve Services, manage fraud and risk Service Providers, PayPal and PayPal Companies, Merchants and Partners, Authorities Professional or employment information Provide Services, Manage fraud and risk Service Providers, PayPal and PayPal Companies, Merchants and Partners, Authorities, Other Financial Institutions Information about your imported contacts Provide Services Service Providers Information in your Account Profile Provide Services Information you provide when you contact us Inferred data Provide Services, authenticate your access to an Account, To manage and improve Services, manage fraud and risk Provide Services, Manage fraud and risk, Market our Services, to display content based on your interest, better respond to your requests or inquiries or for similar customer service issues, verify your identity; and conduct risk assessment.Sensitive Personal Information Provide Services, manage fraud and risk Characteristics of Protected Classifications Provide our Services, Manage risk Service Providers, PayPal and PayPal Companies, Merchants and Partners, Authorities, Other Financial Institutions, Service Providers, PayPal and PayPal Companies, Merchants and Partners, Authorities PayPal and PayPal Companies, Service Providers, Other financial institutions, Merchants and Partners, Authorities PayPal and PayPal Companies, Service Providers, Other Financial Institutions, Merchants and Partners, Authorities, Buyers or in connection with business transfer PayPal and PayPal Companies, Service Providers, Authorities Information from your device Provide Services, Manage and improve our Services, PayPal and PayPal Companies, Service Providers, Other Financial Institutions, Merchants and Partners, Authorities manage fraud and risk, communicate with you, Create an account connection, market our Services, personalize your experience, comply with Laws 14. US Consumer Privacy Notice The following Consumer Privacy Notice applies to you if you are an individual who resides in the United States and uses PayPal Services for your own personal, family, or household purposes. This Consumer Privacy Notice does not apply to Unbranded Payment Services. FACTS Why? What? Rev. January 2023 WHAT DOES PAYPAL DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? Financial companies choose how they share your personal information. Federal law gives consumers the right to limit some but not all sharing. Federal law also requires us to tell you how we collect, share, and protect your personal information. Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do. The types of personal information we collect and share depend on the product or service you have with us. This information can include: • Social Security number and account balances • Payment history or transaction history • Credit history or credit scores When you are no longer our customer, we continue to share your information as described in this notice. All financial companies need to share customers' personal information to run their everyday business. In the section below, we list the reasons financial companies can share their customers' personal information; the reasons PayPal chooses to share; and whether you can limit this sharing. Does PayPal share? Can you limit this sharing? We don't share We don't share We don't share How? Reasons we can share your personal information For our everyday business purposes - such as to process your transactions, maintain your account(s), respond to court orders and legal investigations, or report to credit bureaus For our marketing purposes - to offer our products and services to you Yes Yes For joint marketing with other financial companies Yes For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your transactions and experiences For our affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness For our affiliates to market to you For nonaffiliates to market to you Yes Questions? Call our customer service at 1-888-221- 1161or visit us at /smarthelp/contact- us/privacy. Who we are Who is providing this Privacy Statement? This privacy notice is provided by PayPal, Inc. and is applicable to your personal U.S. PayPal and/or Xoom accounts. What we do How does PayPal protect my personal information? How does PayPal collect my personal information? Why can't I limit all sharing? To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings. We collect your personal information, for example, when you • open an account or provide account information • use your credit or debit card or give us your contact information • use your PayPal and/or Xoom account to send or receive funds We also collect your personal information from others, such as credit bureaus, affiliates, or other companies. Federal law gives you the right to limit only sharing for affiliates' everyday business purposes - information about your creditworthiness affiliates from using your information to market to you sharing for nonaffiliates to market to you State laws and individual companies may give you additional rights to limit sharing. See below for more information on your rights under state law. Definitions Companies related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies. • Our affiliates include Bill Me Later, Inc. Companies not related by common ownership or control. They can be financial and nonfinancial companies. • Nonaffiliates with which we share personal information include service providers that perform services or functions on our behalf. A formal agreement between nonaffiliated financial companies that together market financial products or services to you.• Our joint marketing partners include financial companies and banks. Affiliates Nonaffiliates Joint Marketing Other important information We may transfer personal information to other countries, for example, for customer service or to process transactions. California: The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) permits consumers who are California residents to ask businesses covered under the CCPA about personal information it has collected about the consumer, submit an access or deletion request, and opt-out of the sale of personal information, if applicable. These provisions do not apply to personal information collected, processed, shared, or disclosed by financial institutions pursuant to federal law such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. Contact us if you have questions about our privacy statement, this consumer notice, or your personal information. If your PayPal account has a California mailing address, we will not share personal information we collect about you except to the extent permitted under California law. To talk about your PayPal account, call PayPal Customer Service at 1-888-221-1161 or visit our Customer Service web portal. To talk about your Xoom account, call Xoom Customer Service at 1-877-815-1531 or visit our Help Center web portal. Vermont: If your PayPal account has a Vermont mailing address, We will not disclose information about your creditworthiness to our affiliates and will not disclose your personal information, financial information, credit report, or health information to nonaffiliated third parties to market to you, other than as permitted by Vermont law, unless you authorize us to make those disclosures. Additional information concerning our privacy policies can be found at Customer Service web portal or call 1-888-221- 1161 Nevada: If your PayPal account has a Nevada mailing address, we are providing this notice pursuant to Nevada law. If you prefer not to receive marketing calls from PayPal, you may be placed on our internal Do Not Call List by calling 1-888-221-1161 or going to /smarthelp/home. For more information, you can contact PayPal at 12312 Port Grace Blvd, La Vista, NE 68128 or you can contact the Bureau of Consumer Protection, Office of the Nevada Attorney General, 555 E. Washington St., Suite 3900, Las Vegas, NV 89101; telephone number: 1-702-486-3132; email: Aginfo@ag.nv.gov