Privacy Centre Nothing Is More Important Than Your Privacy Our commitment to respecting your privacy Transparent privacy policies ( The Weather Network , Pelmorex )We take extensive precautions to protect and securely store data. Our privacy practices of transparency to users and safeguarding their data received the gold standard Privacy by Design certificationWe are compliant with all aspects of the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA). All data is anonymized and aggregated into insightsWe never share or sell individual user data You are in control of your information You do not have to provide us with any personal information to use our services and you always retain full control over any personal information you choose to share with us. There are several ways to opt-out of sharing your information: by using our paid app on iOS, setting your browser to remove cookies whenever you access the website and by disabling/modifying preferences for location services on our apps. If you are an app user and have consented to location access, you can disable location sharing if you no longer wish to receive up to the minute weather information for your location. If you do not consent to the app’s use of location information, you will need to manually enter your location each time in order to ensure the weather information you are getting is accurate to your location. What is Privacy By Design Certified? Privacy by Design is an approach developed by former Ontario privacy commissioner, Ann Cavoukian, and known as the gold standard in privacy protection and management. Our websites (The Weather Network and MeteoMedia) and apps are Privacy by Design certified. In order to achieve this certification we had to go through an extensive assessment by KPMG of our privacy practices in order to ensure that we follow Canadian privacy laws and have the best privacy practices in place in the areas of transparent consent, opt-out options, security and safeguarding user information. What information do you collect about me? When you access our platforms, information is collected as follows: On our websites Standard data that any website across the internet collects when a site is visited IP Address Cookie data This information cannot be used to identify someone On our websites or applications – creating an account (purpose to upload pictures) Standard data that any website across the internet collects when a site is visited IP Address Cookie data Email Address First Name This information is stored with a 3rd party (LoginRadius) that collects the information on our behalf and keeps it secure. The only time we would access this information is if you ask us to delete your account or make changes on your behalf. This information is not stored or used in conjunction with any other information collected On all our platforms Location information – if you have allowed us to do so Location information and account information (noted above) are never linked together We are unable to tie location information back to an individual because no other identifying information is collected What if I have contacted you with a question or concern? What do you collect then? If you have ever contacted the company with a question/concern we collect certain information at the time you write to us, such as email address. We collect this information solely so we can respond to your inquiry. So if you collect this information, how do I know you are not sharing my personal information? All information that is collected is always in the aggregate and is non-personally identifiable. We never sell or share any individual or personally-identifiable user information. We only share products consisting of anonymous aggregated insights with select third parties who enter into contracts with us and have agreed to safeguard the information with the same care as we do. Our business partners are retail brands and agency partners looking for aggregated marketing insights. These partners receive anonymous aggregated insights to select and serve relevant ads, perform marketing analytics and marketing insights to customers and partners. What is aggregate data? Data points that are formed by adding together several information points that prevent identifying any individual user. Why do you have advertising on your products? We offer our services for free. In order to do so, advertising is part of this free service for our applications. Are you a "data broker"? No. We never sell personal information to anyone else. What are the benefits to me if I opt in to share my location information? You will receive precise weather information and safety alerts for the location in which you are accessing our services. The location data is anonymous with no personal information collected. This anonymous aggregated location data can be used for targeted advertising or marketing analytics.In other words, we look at trends/groups, not individuals. For example, identifying aggregate user segments going to ski hills to target ski related advertising. What is "personal information"? In Canadian law, under PIPEDA “personal information” is defined as: any factual or subjective information, recorded or not, about an identifiable individual (ex. Email, home address) Oakville Pelmorex Corp. Headquarters & The Weather Network Media Centre 2655 Bristol Circle, Oakville, Ontario L6H 7W1 Montreal MétéoMédia 1200 Papineau Ave., Suite 300, Montreal, Quebec H2K 4R5 Madrid El Tiempo Previsto SLU Calle Príncipe de Vergara 108, 4º 28002 Madrid © Copyright 2023 - Pelmorex Corp. All Rights Reserved. LinkedInTwitter Scroll to topPrivacy Policy Identification of the Controller PELMOREX CORP. (“Pelmorex” or “us”) is the Data Controller of the data that you provide to us (the “Data”) in order to provide you with the services identified in this application (the “ Application ”). PELMOREX CORP., is located at 2655 Bristol Circle, Oakville, Ontario, Canada. What information will we collect from you and for what? Pelmorex may collect and process the Data for the purpose of providing access, verifying access, and ensuring a secure connection between your DSP and our application (the “Services”) for the following purposes: Fetches, reads and stores ad campaign dataAllows users to select campaigns and apply ad triggering conditions to selected line itemsFetches, reads, writes to and stores ad line item data:Reads target geolocation data to determine associated weather from our weather APIWrites to ad line item to update status fieldFetches, read, writes and stores queries to report impressions for associated campaigns/line items On the basis of providing the above Services, you may need to submit information such as an email address and contact data to Pelmorex for processing in order to access the Services. This data may be processed through an API for faster connection. This processing is permitted as a legitimate basis of performance of a contract. It is essential that you keep any reference data, passwords and access codes confidential at all times. You will be solely responsible for the use of your personal account, and in this respect, you will not make the information available to other parties to use, and you will inform us immediately if it is lost or stolen. In order to ensure that the information provided is always up to date and free of errors, you must notify Pelmorex as soon as possible of any changes to the Data you have previously provided. What is the source of your Data? The only Data that we process has been freely given by you when you start using our application. Data transfers and international transfers. Pelmorex does not transfer your Data to third parties for processing for the purposes described, apart from the necessary transfers to public administrations and the administration of justice, in compliance with the legal obligations applicable to us. However, if necessary, they will always be transferred on a legal basis that legitimizes such processing, and we will inform you of this in advance. Exercising your rights. As per applicable laws, in this the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), you are entitled to exercise the following rights: Rights of access to the Data you have supplied to us in order to determine what Data is subject to processing and the processing operations carried out on it. Right to rectify any inaccurate Data. Right to delete your Data, where possible. Right to request limitation of the processing of your Data when the accuracy, legality or necessity of the data processing is in doubt, in which case, we may retain a copy of the Data for any legal defense that may be required. Right to object to the processing of your Data when the legal basis that enables us to process them is the legitimate interest. It is important to note that if you object to the processing of any Data that you have provided to us you will no longer be unable to use the Application. The right to the portability of your Data , when the legal basis that enables us to process them is the existence of a contractual relationship or your consent. You can exercise your rights at any time and for free in the following ways: By sending an e-mail to infoprivacy@pelmorex.com indicating the right you wish to exercise and your identification data.By sending a written request, Attention: Privacy Officer to 2655 Bristol Circle, Oakville, Ontario, Canada indicating the right you wish to exercise. You have the right to file a complaint at the competent Data Protection Authority, if you believe that Pelmorex has breached the applicable data protection legislation regarding the processing of your Data. Retention periods and Cookies. Pelmorex will only keep your Data for as long as necessary to provide you with access to the Application. Your access will be rescinded to the Application upon expiry of the applicable agreement with Pelmorex and any Data will be deleted. Security and confidentiality. In order to prevent unauthorized access or unauthorized disclosure of the Data you have provided to Pelmorex, we have undertaken appropriate technical and physical measures and management processes to safeguard and secure the information we collect from you. Access by minors Minors under 18 years of age are prohibited from using the Services available through the Application Update of the privacy policy Pelmorex will endeavor to keep this Privacy Policy updated on a regular basis.If changes are made to the Policy , they will be clearly identifiable in a conspicuous manner (for example: we may communicate changes to you by email if the changes are of an urgent or important nature). This Privacy Policy has been reviewed and published as of February 17, 2022. Oakville Pelmorex Corp. Headquarters & The Weather Network Media Centre 2655 Bristol Circle, Oakville, Ontario L6H 7W1 Montreal MétéoMédia 1200 Papineau Ave., Suite 300, Montreal, Quebec H2K 4R5 Madrid El Tiempo Previsto SLU Calle Príncipe de Vergara 108, 4º 28002 Madrid © Copyright 2023 - Pelmorex Corp. All Rights Reserved. LinkedInTwitter Scroll to top