PRIVACY POLICY This privacy policy V2.4 is effective on Sep 17, 2021. Welcome to Petcube ("we," "us" or "our"). Our Privacy Policy explains how we and some of the companies we work with collect, use, share and protect information in relation to our mobile services, website, and any software provided on or in connection with Petcube services (collectively, the "Service"), and your choices about the collection and use of your information. By using our Service, you understand and agree that we are providing a platform for you to post content, including photos, videos, comments and other materials ("User Content"), to the Service and to share User Content publicly. This means that other Users may search for, see, use, or share any of your User Content that you make publicly available through the Service, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. Our data collection and processing rules are designed comply with GDPR, DPA rules and recommendations, and Canada’s Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA). Petcube, Inc. complies with the EU-U.S. and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks (Privacy Shield) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to the United States in reliance on Privacy Shield. Petcube, Inc. has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such information. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/ . Our Policy applies to all visitors, users, and others who access the Service ("Users"). Table of contents: 1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT 1.1 Information you provide us directly: Your username, password and email address when you register for a Petcube account. This information is vital to be able to access your profile with Petcube and use our Service, and it is kept as long as you are using our Service. Your password is one way encrypted. It is your responsibility to keep the password secured and change it at least once per 3 months. Never share your password with anyone. We encourage you to use Profile information you provide for your user or pet profiles. Profile information including, but not limited to first and last name, profile picture, location with granularity to the city name, birthday, gender, your pet(s) name(s), and breed(s). This information allows us to help you or others be "found" on Petcube. This information is provided by you optionally to improve your experience with our Service. You can always change or delete it entirely by logging into your profile page on petcube.com or with our apps for iOS or Android. User Content (e.g., photos, audio, videos, comments, likes) that you post to the Service Please refer to more detailed Section 9 Communications between you and Petcube For example, we may send you Service-related emails (e.g., data collection and processing requests, account verification, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices). We also keep track of all of your requests at our customer support team. We keep this information as long as you are our customer and using our Service. Shipping, billing and IP addresses in case you are purchasing any products via petcube.com It is needed to run a fraudulent check to protect you and Petcube and to deliver the product to you. The fraudulent check is executed by a 3rd party service that builds Artificial Intelligence database, and your records will have to stay there even after you stop using our services. Card number, expiry date, name, and surname as well as CVV To process your payment or issuing a refund, we collect this info. Petcube does not store this information, it is encrypted and sent to our payment processor. We keep only the last four digits of your credit card and card type for identification purposes. Our payment processor works in compliance with GDPR and PIPEDA. Information from your accounts with Facebook and Instagram We store your name, age, gender and location if you connect those to your profile for easier login and if you want to post some of your content from our app to these social networks. Please refer to Section 7 for a more detailed explanation. Replies to all surveys that you participate in Answers are stored in a pseudonymized way with a 3rd party services provider (SurveyMonkey), and we do not have the ability to link any of your replies to your user profile or identify you in any way.Answers to a survey may contain your name and/or email as a part of responses to surveys to be able to provide you with a prize for participation in respective surveys, but you not obligated to provide them anyway. We do surveys only to be able to improve our services. Surveys’ results are stored for up to 5 years to be able to compare trends. Answering surveys is an entirely voluntary activity. You don’t have to give us any of this personal information, but without some of it we might not be able to process your order, and you are unlikely to receive our optimal overall customer experience. But that is your choice – and we respect that. With any questions you have with regards to data we collect and process, please contact us at data.compliance@petcube.com . Allow up to 30 days to process your inquiry. At all times where possible, we pseudonymize and aggregate personal information and use it for research, data analysis, behavior analysis, improving our site and apps, to developing our new products and services. We also share this information with third parties. A complete list of 3rd parties we work with to provide you with our Services can be provided upon request. We work only with trustful suppliers that comply with GDPR, and/or DPA, and/or PIPEDA. 1.2 Information we automatically collect: Analytics information We use Stripe for payment, analytics, and other business services. Stripe collects identifying information about the devices that connect to its services. Stripe uses this information to operate and improve the services it provides to us, including for fraud detection. You can learn more about Stripe and read its privacy policy at https://stripe.com/privacy. We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service. These tools collect information sent by your device or our Service, including the web pages you visit, add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Service. We collect and use this analytics information with analytics information from other Users so that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual User. Cookies and similar technologies When you visit the Service, we use cookies and similar technologies like pixels, web beacons, and local storage to collect information about how you use Petcube and provide features to you. You can read our cookies notice here . We may ask advertisers or other partners to serve ads or services to your devices, which may use cookies or similar technologies placed by us or the third party. Log file information: When you use our Service, our servers automatically record specific log file information, including your web request, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information. Log file information is automatically reported by your browser or our application on a smartphone each time you request to access (i.e., visit) a web page or app. It can also be provided when the content of the web page or app is downloaded to your browser or device. Among this information, we keep data like IP addresses with time stamps and connection types of your devices that you use to access our service. This information is used to be able to assist you with your requests to customer support and to improve quality of service we provide. This information is pseudonymised and your personal information is substituted with our internal User IDs. We do not keep any of these logs for more than 30 days. We may also collect similar information from emails sent to our Users which then help us track a rate of opened emails and/or links clicked-through rate by recipients to measure the statistical meaning of responses and efficiency of communications. Device identifiers: When you use a mobile device like a tablet or phone to access our Service, we may access, collect, monitor, store on your device, and/or remotely store one or more "device identifiers." Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device. A device id may be the data stored in connection with the device hardware, data stored in connection with the device's operating system or other software, or data sent to the device by Petcube. A device id may deliver information to us or to a third party partner about how you browse and use the Service and may help us or others provide reports or personalized content and ads. Some features of the Service may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled. The information we collect and share under this purpose is pseudonymized. Metadata: Metadata is usually technical data that is associated with User-Generated Content.For example, Metadata can describe how, when and by whom a piece of User Content was collected and how that content is formatted. Users can add or may have Metadata added to their User Content including a hashtag (e.g., to mark keywords when you post a photo), geotag (e.g., to mark your location to a photo), comments or other data. Read more details on User-Generated Content in Section 9. Audio and video content Petcube devices, as a core feature, broadcast, record, save and share video and/or audio recordings from the device, subject to your configuration and settings. If you have the recording features enabled, we will capture, process and retain video and audio recordings from your device and you will be able to access those recordings using the Services. You may save and choose to share certain content like video clips, live video streams, images, captions, and comments to other people through the Services. We will collect and store information that will allow us to save or share your content as directed by you through the Services. Note that recording and sharing content that involves other people may affect their privacy and data protection rights. By creating User Content, you make this information public, and we are not able to remove it upon your request from any other user or service that decided to collect such information. Even after deleting your profile, some pieces of information may be accessible by other users if they saved it prior. Please refer to section 9 for more details. 2. ADDITIONAL USE OF YOUR INFORMATION In addition to some of the specific uses of information we describe in this Privacy Policy, we may use information that we receive to: • help you efficiently access your data after you sign in;• remember information so you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service;• provide personalized content and information to you and others, which could include online ads or other forms of marketing• provide, improve, test, and monitor the effectiveness of our Service• develop and test new products and features• monitor metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns • diagnose or fix technology problems• automatically update the Petcube application on your device• Petcube or other Users may run contests, special offers or other events or activities ("Events") on the Service. If you do not want to participate in an Event, do not use the particular Metadata (i.e., hashtag or geotag) associated with that Event. 3. SHARING YOUR INFORMATION We will not rent or sell your information to third parties outside Petcube, except as noted in this Policy, unless required by law according to Art. 6 (1)(c) GDPR, required for the purpose of your contract according to Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR or unless you have given us express consent to do so according to Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR. Parties with whom we may share your information. We may share your information as well as information from tools like cookies, log files, and device identifiers and location data, with third-party organizations that help us provide the Service to you ("Service Providers"). In particular, we are using a multiple shipping companies to fulfil orders, a credit card processing company to bill you for goods, services and subscriptions, a cloud-based storage provider to store any content that you upload to your Petcube account, an accounts payable provider to process any payments that we make to you, a social media agency to manage our social campaigns, email service providers to send out emails on our behalf, an in-app messaging provider to send out mobile app notifications on our behalf. We may also share certain information such as cookie data with third-party advertising partners. This information would allow third-party ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you as well as to control the number of similar ads shown to you. When you order products from Petcube, we will share your Personal Data as necessary for such third party services providers to provide the applicable service to us or on our behalf. Any sharing of your Personal Data with such third party service providers will be made in accordance with applicable data protection laws and will be limited to the extent necessary. These third parties are prohibited from using your Personal Data for any other purposes than those described in this Policy. We may remove parts of data that can identify you and share anonymized data with other parties. We may also combine your information with additional information in a way that it is no longer associated with you and share that aggregated information. If you remove information that you posted to the Service, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service, or if other Users or third parties using the have copied or saved that information.3.1 What happens in the event of a change of control: If we sell or otherwise transfer part or the whole of Petcube or our assets to another organization (e.g., in the course of a transaction like a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, liquidation), your information such as name and email address, User Content and any other information collected through the Service may be among the items sold or transferred. You will continue to own your User Content. The buyer or transferee will have to honor the commitments we have made in this Privacy Policy. 3.2 Responding to legal requests and preventing harm: We may be required to disclose your information to government or law enforcement officials in response to a lawful request by a public authority or if we have to do so to comply with a legal obligation, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements according to Art. 6 (1)(c) GDPR and/or PIPEDA’s paragraph 7(3)(c); sub-paragraph 7(3)(c.1)(i) or (ii) or paragraphs 7(3)(c.2) or (d). We can also disclose your information in order to pursue our legitimate interest in applying or enforcing our terms and conditions or in responding to any claims, in protecting our rights or the rights of a third party, in protecting the safety of any person or in preventing any fraud or illegal activity (including for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction) according to Art. 6 (1)(f) GDPR. Information we receive about you may be accessed, processed and retained for an extended period when it is the subject of a legal request or obligation, governmental investigation, or investigations concerning possible violations of our terms or policies, or otherwise to prevent harm. If you have any further questions regarding the balancing test in connection with Art. 6(1)(f) GDPR, please contact us at the contact details set out in Section 9 below. 4. HOW WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION Storage and Processing Your information collected through the Service will be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which our Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities. With any case of your Personal Data transfer outside the European Economic Area, it will be treated in compliance with applicable European data protection laws. By registering for and using the Service, you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or to any other country in which our Affiliates or Service Providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy. We use standard data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission according to Art. 46 (2)(c) GDPR for all and any transmission of Personal Data to recipients located outside of the European Economic Area. A transmission of Personal Data to the U.S. complies with E.U.-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks. In respect of transfers to the United States comply with the E.U.-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks, details of which are set out in Section 5 below. With regards to personal data of those customers who are Canadian citizens, their data is being transferred to the US and stored under Principle 4.1.3 of Schedule 1 of PIPEDA. We honor security of your Personal Data. To exercise this fact, have implemented need administrative, technical, and physical security measures to protect against the unauthorized access, destruction or alteration of your information. This includes encrypting our Services using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and restricting access to Personal Data to Petcube employees, contractors, and agents who need to know that information to process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations. However, Petcube cannot guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed. Please do your part to help us. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to emails between you and Petcube, at all times. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes the social media services you connect to Petcube make to their services. We are not responsible for the functionality, privacy, or security measures of any other organization. 5. PRIVACY SHIELD — EU-US DATA TRANSFERS AND SWISS-US DATA TRANSFERS For users of our Services located outside the United States and provide Personal Data to us, Petcube will transfer your Personal Data to the United States and process it in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Petcube has applied for self-certification with the EU-U.S and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks. Petcube complies with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks (“Privacy Shield”) as set forth by the U.S.Department of Commerce and approved by the European Commission and Swiss Federal Counsel regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data Petcube receives from European Economic Area member countries and Switzerland. Petcube certifies that it adheres to the following Privacy Shield Principles: (1) Notice; (2) Choice; (3) Accountability for Onward Transfer; (4) Security; (5) Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation; (6) Access; and (7) Recourse, Enforcement and Liability in respect of any Personal Data received from the European Economic Area and Switzerland. We collect and process data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page on the Privacy Shield List, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/ Accountability and Liability for Onward Transfer Petcube, Inc. is required to take certain steps when transferring Personal Data received from the European Union and Switzerland customers for the purpose of processing such personal data within the scope of this Privacy Policy (such as including necessary contractual provisions in our third party contracts). Petcube, Inc. may be potentially liable in cases of onward transfer of EU and Swiss individuals' data received pursuant to the Privacy Shield to third parties. 5.1 Privacy Complaints Handling, Recourse and Enforcement In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles and Schedule 1 Section 4.9 of PIPEDA, Petcube commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your Personal Data (without charge to you). European Union and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy should first contact us at email address - data.compliance@petcube.com . We will respond to any complaints as soon as possible and within 30 days. We encourage EU and Swiss individuals who have questions or complaints about how we process their Personal Data under Privacy Shield to contact us at data.compliance@petcube.com . We will work to resolve your issue as quickly as possible, but in any event within 30 days of receipt. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use complaints that we have not addressed satisfactorily, you can file a claim with JAMS as Petcube’s Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) provider under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework; please use the following link: https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield . If you are an EU or Swiss individual and unable to resolve any complaints through any of the above methods, you may be able to invoke binding arbitration through a Privacy Shield panel, in accordance with the Privacy Shield Framework at https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint . Please note that if your complaint is not resolved through these channels, in certain limited circumstances, a binding arbitration option may be available. Petcube is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission in the case of any failure to comply with the Privacy Shield. 6. OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES We are not responsible for the practices employed by any websites or services linked to or from our Service, including the information or content contained within them. Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Service to another website or service, our Privacy Policy does not apply to those third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link on our website, are subject to that third party's own rules and policies. Besides, you agree that we are not responsible and do not have control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User Content. If you are using a third-party website or service and you allow them to access your User Content, you do so at your own risk. Among the selection of such services we offer the following: Facebook Connect Our website and Petcube mobile application use Facebook Connect, provided by Facebook, Inc. This functionality enables you to use your Facebook account to log into your Petcube account on our website and other websites without additional registration. By using Facebook Connect, Facebook will have access to certain of your Personal Data, in particular, your email address and other information relating to your account. Facebook might store this data also in the U.S. In turn, Petcube will get access to your publicly available Facebook profile data such as birth date, gender, name, and location. Should you not agree with this, you should not use Facebook Connect. In this case, you can continue to log into your Petcube account via our website or mobile application.Please see Facebook’s privacy policy for further details at http://.facebook.com/privacy/explanation.php . Instagram Our Petcube mobile application also uses Instagram (provided by Instagram LLC. of 1601 Willow Road Menlo Park, California 94025. The United States of America). This functionality enables you to share content through the Instagram application. By using Instagram, Instagram will have access to certain of your Personal Data, in particular, your email address. Instagram might store this data in the U.S. Should you not agree with this, you should not use Instagram. Please see Instagram’s privacy policy for further details at https://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/before-january-19-2013/ . 7. INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR RIGHTS You have the following rights: • Right of access (Art. 15 GDPR): You have the right to request confirmation as to whether or not your Personal Data is being processed, and, where that is the case, to request access to the Personal Data and information such as the purposes of the processing, categories of Personal Data concerned, or request a copy of personal data (for this instance fees will apply).• Right to rectification (Art. 16 GDPR): You have the right to request the correction of inaccurate Personal Data or do it yourself in your private section of petcube.com • Right to erasure (Art. 17 GDPR): You have the right to request erasure of Personal Data without undue delay under certain circumstances, e.g. if your Personal Data is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was collected or if you withdraw consent on which processing is based according to Art. 6 (1)(a) GDPR and where there is no other legal ground for processing. There are exceptions for processing such requests of which we will let you know upon request.• Right to restriction of processing (Art. 18 GDPR): You have the right to request us to restrict the processing of your Personal Data under certain circumstances, e.g., if you think that the Personal Data we process about you is incorrect or unlawful. • Right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR): Under certain circumstances, you have the right to receive your Personal Data you have provided us with, to transmit that information to another controller.• Right to object (Art. 21 GDPR): You have the right to object to the processing of your Personal Data under certain circumstances in particular if we process your Personal Data for marketing and other purposes. You may execute part of these rights by logging into your Petcube account on petcube.com and accessing features such as Edit Profile Info, or by logging to a Petcube mobile application. You may also email us to correct or change any information or request which Personal Data (e.g., name, address) we have stored or to assert any other of your rights as mentioned above by emailing us at data.compliance@petcube.com 8. YOUR CHOICES We provide you with a number of choices with regards to the information we collect and use as discussed throughout this Policy. Some of your choices include: • Update your account and account information at any time by logging in and changing your profile settings.• Marketing Communications. If you purchase a product but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us, you can indicate your preference on our order form by leaving the “Opt-In” checkbox blank. If you have opted-in, but no longer wish to receive our newsletters, social media campaigns, and promotional emails, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or email. • Tailored Online Advertising Opt-Out. Petcube strives to provide every User and potential customer with relevant, value-added content in the form of online advertisements. However, we respect the wishes of anyone who does not want to be tracked by third-party advertising companies online. For information on how to opt out of cookie-based online advertising and analytics programs, please refer to our Cookie notice .• Service-Related Announcements - We will send you service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotiona. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to deactivate your Petcube account and stop using our Service. • Such processing of your Personal Data is necessary for the performance of our Services; the legal basis for such processing of your Personal Data is therefore Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR. Please note that you are contractually required to provide us with such Personal Data and that without such Personal Data we will not be able to send you order-related communications.• The legal basis for such processing of your Personal Data is, therefore, your consent (Art. 6(1)(a) GDPR).Please note that you are not legally required to provide us with your consent. However, without your Personal Data, we will not be able to offer you our Petcube personalization services as described above. Following termination or deactivation of your account, Petcube, its Affiliates, or its Service Providers may retain information (including your profile information) and User Content for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, and/or audit purposes. You should contact using contact details mentioned in Section 9 if you wish to know which exact Service providers may still have your partial data. 9. USER-GENERATED CONTENT You may be able to disclose information about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content on publicly-available areas of the Service. This includes your uploaded photos or videos, full name, email address, geolocation, interests, and content that you have favorited, metadata (i.e., hashtags). Your photo or video files may also contain your narrations and captions, as well as data regarding your precise geolocation. Your content will also be shared with users of other social media services to which you have chosen to share (i.e., Facebook or Instagram), consistent with your privacy settings on those services. Such information publicly announced information, may be accessed or recorded by us, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality in such information. Petcube can use such videos for the research purposes priorly anonymizing them removing any personal information. Any information, including your Personal Data you submit in the course of such activities, can be read, collected, or used by other users. We cannot control how other users of our Services such as Facebook or Instagram. We especially cannot prevent you receiving unwanted messages from other users. If you wish that a specific content generated by you shall be removed from publicly-available areas of our Services, please contact us at data.compliance@petcube.com . All Personal Data posted on publicly-available areas of our Services are processed to provide you with the respective Service according to Art. 6 (1)(b) GDPR. Petcube enables you to determine the purpose and the means for which we collect video and audio data. When you enable the recording or streaming features of your Petcube device, we may record and process video and/or audio recordings from the device, subject to your instruction, configuration and settings. This may include capturing and emailing to you portions of this data as part of a notification or analyzing the data using machine learning and/or computer vision technologies to identify motion or other events. If you instruct us by setting up your camera and choosing to receive mobile notifications, we may process information from your Petcube device(s) to send you smart alerts when something happens. In addition, if you have the recording features enabled in mobile app or web portal, this way you instruct us to capture, process and retain video and audio recordings from your Petcube device(s) for the duration of your recording subscription period (for example, but not limited to 3, 10 or 30 days) and you will be able to access those recordings using the Services during that time. If you submit your video or other content to Petcube, we may publish it on the Petcube website or applications along with certain Personal Data identifying you, e.g., your first and last name or your username provided that you have instructed us to do so. For more information relating to the terms governing your user-generated content, please see our Terms of Use . 10. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY Petcube does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 16 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Service. The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 16. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 16 without parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us. 11. HOW TO CONTACT US The controller according to Art. 4 (7) of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) is Petcube, Inc. (555 De Haro str., Unit 280 San Francisco 94107, the U.S.; Email: ) EU authorized representative is: Petcube Polska Sp. z o.o., a Polish private company, with offices located at Władysława Łokietka 16A/12, Kraków 30-010, Poland. Contact details: email: eu.rep@petcube.com ; Oleksandr Davydenko, President. 12. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY We may change this page from time to time, to reflect how we are processing your data. If we make significant changes, we will make that clear on our website or other Petcube services, or by some other means of contact such as email, so that you can review the changes before you continue to use Petcube Services.Cookies notice We add cookies to your devices when you visit our site. There are four main types of cookies – here’s how and why we use them. (1) Site functionality cookies – these cookies allow you to navigate the site and use our features, such as “Add to Cart.” (2) Site analytics cookies – these cookies allow us to measure and analyze how our customers use the site, to improve both its functionality and your shopping experience. (3) Customer preference cookies – when you are browsing or shopping on petcube.com, these cookies will remember your preferences (like your language or location), so we can make your shopping experience as seamless as possible, and more personal to you. (4) Targeting or advertising cookies – these cookies are used to deliver ads relevant to you. They also limit the number of times that you see an ad and help us measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. By using our site, you agree to us placing these sorts of cookies on your device and accessing them when you visit the site in the future. If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, the “help” section in your browser should provide instructions on how to locate the file or directory that stores cookies. Further information about cookies can be found at https://ico.org.uk/for-organisations/guide-to-pecr/cookies-and-similar-technologies/ . Please note that by deleting or disabling future cookies, your user experience will be affected and you will not be able to take advantage of certain functions of our site.Privacy & Terms Privacy Policy Google Privacy Policy When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information. Privacy Checkup Looking to change your privacy settings? Contents We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include: Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google HomePlatforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating systemProducts that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like Chrome Incognito mode. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control what we collect and how your information is used. To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for key terms . And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us . Information Google collects We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful , the people who matter most to you online , or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls. When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity. When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as personal information . Things you create or provide to us When you create a Google Account, you provide us with personal information that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a phone number or payment information to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services. We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services. This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos. Information we collect as you use our services Your apps, browsers & devices We collect information about the apps, browsers, and devices you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low. The information we collect includes unique identifiers , browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including IP address , crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your request. We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an Android device with Google apps , your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your device type and carrier name , crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings, other information about how you’re using your Android device . Your activity We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like.The activity information we collect may include: Terms you search forVideos you watchPurchase activityPeople with whom you communicate or share contentActivity on third-party sites and apps that use our servicesChrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account If you use our services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages , we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages. You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account. Your location information We collect information about your location when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your general location. Your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by: GPS and other sensor data from your device Activity on Google services, such as your searches and places you label like home or work Information about things near your device , such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can turn your Android device’s location on or off using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on Location History if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about how we use location information . In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources . For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse . We also receive information from advertising partners to provide advertising and research services on their behalf . We use various technologies to collect and store information, including cookies , pixel tags , local storage, such as browser web storage or application data caches , databases, and server logs . Why Google collects data We use data to build better services We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes: Provide our services We use your information to deliver our services , like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts. Maintain & improve our services We also use your information to ensure our services are working as intended , such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to make improvements to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services. Develop new services We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Provide personalized services, including content and ads We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results . For example, Security Checkup provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like. Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalized ads based on your interests. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . We don’t show you personalized ads based on sensitive categories , such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to.For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop. Measure performance We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to link information about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services. Communicate with you We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing. Protect Google, our users, and the public We use information to help improve the safety and reliability of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public . We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use algorithms to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate. We may combine the information we collect among our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google. If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example. We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy. Your privacy controls You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the Privacy Checkup , which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our Product Privacy Guide . Managing, reviewing, and updating your information When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google. We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your Google Account includes: Privacy controls Activity Controls Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services , such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services. Ad settings Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.About you Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services. Shared endorsements Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads. Sites and apps that use Google services Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services. Ways to review & update your information My Activity My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity. Google Dashboard Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Your personal information Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number. When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including: Signed-out search personalization: Choose whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.YouTube settings: Pause and delete your YouTube Search History and your YouTube Watch History . Ad Settings: Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Exporting, removing & deleting your information You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Inactive Account Manager allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account. And finally, you can also request to remove content from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies. There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including: Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a cookie in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services rely on cookies to function properly , for things like remembering your language preferences.Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can modify location settings on your Android device. Sharing your information When you share your information Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search. When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting . When Google shares your information We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases: With your consent We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you use Google Home to make a reservation through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to review and manage third party apps and sites you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any sensitive personal information . With domain administrators If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your domain administrator and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account.They may be able to: Access and retain information stored in your account, like your emailView statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you installChange your account passwordSuspend or terminate your account accessReceive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental requestRestrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings For external processing We provide personal information to our affiliates and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies. For legal reasons We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to: Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request . We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report .Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues. Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users , or the public as required or permitted by law. We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. We also allow specific partners to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies. If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy. Keeping your information secure We build security into our services to protect your information All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected. We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including: We use encryption to keep your data private while in transitWe offer a range of security features, like Safe Browsing , Security Checkup, and 2 Step Verification to help you protect your accountWe review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations. Exporting & deleting your information You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Retaining your information We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings: Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your personal info or the content you create or upload, like photos and documents . You can also delete activity information saved in your account, or choose to have it deleted automatically after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as advertising data in server logs.We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping. When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems. You can read more about Google’s data retention periods , including how long it takes us to delete your information. Compliance & cooperation with regulators We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it. Data transfers We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data. When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly. U.S. state law requirements Some U.S. state privacy laws require specific disclosures. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how Google handles your information: We explain the categories of information Google collects and the sources of that information in Information Google collects .We explain the purposes for which Google collects and uses information in Why Google collects data .We explain when Google may disclose information in Sharing your information . Google does not sell your personal information. Google also does not “share” your personal information as that term is defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). We explain how Google retains information in Retaining your information . You can also learn more about how Google anonymizes data . As described there, when Google anonymizes data to protect your privacy, we maintain policies and technical measures to avoid re-identifying that information. U.S. state privacy laws also provide the right to request information about how Google collects, uses, and discloses your information. And they give you the right to access your information, sometimes in a portable format; correct your information; and to request that Google delete that information. Many of these laws also provide the right to opt out of certain forms of profiling and targeted advertising. They also provide the right to not be discriminated against for exercising these privacy rights. Finally, the CCPA treats certain kinds of information, like health data, as sensitive; when users provide this information, Google only uses it for purposes permitted by the CCPA, like to provide services that are requested and expected by our users. We describe the choices you have to manage your privacy and data across Google’s services in Your privacy controls . These tools allow you to access, review, update and delete your information, as well as export and download a copy of it. You can also control what information we use to show you ads, or turn off personalized ads, by visiting My Ad Center . When you use these tools, we’ll validate your request by verifying that you’re signed in to your Google Account. If you have questions or requests related to your rights under U.S. state privacy laws, you (or your authorized agent) can also contact Google . And if you disagree with the decision on your request, you can ask Google to reconsider it by responding to our email. We also provide more information on Google’s handling of CCPA requests. Some U.S. state privacy laws also require a description of data practices using specific categories. This table uses these categories to organize the information in this Privacy Policy. Categories of information we collect Identifiers and similar information such as your name and password, phone number, and address, as well as unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. Some Google services like YouTube Studio provide the option to submit a valid ID (such as a passport or driver’s license) to verify your identity to use additional features.Demographic information , such as your age , gender and language . If you choose to use optional features like YouTube Creator Demographics , you can also provide additional information, like your gender identity or race and ethnicity. Commercial information such as your payment information and a history of purchases you make on Google’s services. Biometric information if you choose to provide it, such as fingerprints in Google’s product development studies. Internet, network, and other activity information such as your search terms; views and interactions with content and ads; Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account; information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity); and activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in My Activity . Geolocation data , such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings. Depending on these settings, this may include precise location data , for example GPS data for Android features like navigation or finding your phone. Learn more about Google’s use of location information . Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information , such as voice and audio information . Communications data , such as emails, if you use our services to send and receive messages . Health information if you choose to provide it, such as your medical history, vital signs and health metrics (like blood glucose levels), and other similar information related to your physical or mental health, in the course of using Google services that offer health-related features, such as the Google Health Studies app . Professional, employment, and education information , such as information you provide or that is maintained through an organization using Google services at which you study or work. Other information you create or provide , such as the content you create, upload, or receive (like photos and videos or emails, docs and spreadsheets). Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Inferences drawn from the above, like your ads interest categories . Business purposes for which information may be used or disclosed Protecting against security threats, abuse, and illegal activity : Google uses and may disclose information to detect, prevent and respond to security incidents, and for protecting against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity. For example, to protect our services, Google may receive or disclose information about IP addresses that malicious actors have compromised. Auditing and measurement : Google uses information for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used, as well as to fulfill obligations to our partners like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. We may disclose non-personally identifiable information publicly and with these partners, including for auditing purposes. Maintaining our services : Google uses information to ensure our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting bugs and other issues that you report to us. Research and development : Google uses information to improve our services and to develop new products, features and technologies that benefit our users and the public. For example, we use publicly available information to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Use of service providers : Google shares information with service providers to perform services on our behalf, in compliance with our Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we may rely on service providers to help provide customer support. Advertising : Google processes information to provide advertising, including online identifiers, browsing and search activity, and information about your location and interactions with advertisements. This keeps Google’s services and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . Legal reasons : Google also uses information to satisfy applicable laws or regulations, and discloses information in response to legal process or enforceable government requests, including to law enforcement. We provide information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report . Parties with whom information may be disclosed Other people with whom you choose to share your information , like docs or photos, and videos or comments on YouTube. Third parties with your consent , such as services that integrate with Google’s services.You can review and manage third party apps and sites with access to data in your Google Account. Service providers , trusted businesses, or persons that process information on Google’s behalf, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Domain administrators , if you work or study at an organization that uses Google services. Law enforcement or other third parties , for the legal reasons described in Sharing your information . About this policy When this policy applies This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its affiliates , including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to: The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our servicesServices offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services Changes to this policy We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to archived versions for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). Related privacy practices Specific Google services The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services: If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the Google Cloud Privacy Notice . Other useful resources The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings. Your Google Account is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account Privacy Checkup guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account Google’s safety center helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online Google’s Teen Privacy Guide provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy Privacy & Terms provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service Technologies includes more information about:Technologies used for Advertising Key terms Affiliates An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the companies providing business services in the EU . Algorithm A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations. Application data cache An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content. Browser web storage Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5. Cookies A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about how Google uses cookies and how Google uses data, including cookies, when you use our partners' sites or apps . Device A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices. Google Account You may access some of our services by signing up for a Google Account and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.IP address Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Non-personally identifiable information This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user. Personal information This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account. Pixel tag A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies. Referrer URL A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited. Sensitive personal information This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality. Server logs Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this: is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet. is the date and time of the query. is the requested URL, including the search query. is the browser and operating system being used. is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device). Unique identifiers A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed. Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about how Google uses cookies . On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be managed in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services. Additional Context ads you’ll find most useful For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more about Google ads and why you may see particular ads . advertising and research services on their behalf For example, advertisers may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people. Android device with Google apps Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features.Learn more about Google Play Services . combine the information we collect Some examples of how we combine the information we collect include: When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos. Learn more If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know. Learn more The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based your activity. Learn more If you link your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone. Learn more customized search results For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can learn more here . You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can search and browse privately or turn off signed-out search personalization . deliver our services Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include: We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube videoWe use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google AccountPhotos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, animations, and other creations that you can share. Learn more A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your GmailWhen you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase. detect abuse When we detect spam, malware, illegal content, and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities. devices For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account. ensure and improve For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads. ensure our services are working as intended For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly. Information about things near your device If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services. Learn more legal process, or enforceable governmental request Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our Transparency Report . make improvements For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services.And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone. may link information Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic. Learn more our users For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights. Learn more . partner with Google There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Learn more payment information For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this. We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account. Learn more personalized ads You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads. Learn more phone number If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you. Learn more protect against abuse For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account). publicly accessible sources For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services. rely on cookies to function properly For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected. Learn more safety and reliability Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include: Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access. Learn more sensitive categories When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we require the same from advertisers that use our services. Sensor data from your device Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. servers around the world For example, we operate data centers located around the world to help keep our products continuously available for users.services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages Examples of these services include: Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemailGoogle Meet, for making and receiving video callsGmail, for sending and receiving emailsGoogle Chat, for sending and receiving messagesGoogle Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messagesGoogle Fi, for a phone plan show trends When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms. Learn more specific Google services For example, you can delete your blog from Blogger or a Google Site you own from Google Sites. You can also delete reviews you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store. specific partners For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings. Learn more about these partners and how they use your information. synced with your Google Account Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account. Learn more the people who matter most to you online For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you contact most frequently . the public For example, we process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices. third parties For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you. U.S. state privacy laws These laws include: California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA);Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA);Colorado Privacy Act (CPA);Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring (CTDPA); andUtah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) Views and interactions with content and ads For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears. Voice and audio information For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation. Learn more your activity on other sites and apps This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your account settings and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information. Learn more about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps. Change language: