Online Safety, Account Security, and Privacy How PlayStation strives to keep you in control of your account details and personal information, and enables you to stay safe. Our commitment to Online Safety, Account Security, and Privacy However you choose to play, PlayStation will always strive to make gaming welcoming, secure, and inclusive for everyone. PlayStation players come from a diverse range of backgrounds, with gamers of all ages, abilities, and interests playing together, so we’ve created easy-to-use tools to help you take control of who you interact with, how we use your personal information, and how it is displayed and shared. You'll find information on some of our settings below, or you can visit our Help & Support hub for more detailed instructions on how to set them up. Your profile Flexible privacy settings to control how you appear online. Explore profile settings Chat & Messaging Receive messages only from the people you want to hear from. Communication settings Sharing content Share your content with the world or only the people you know. Control your sharing Reporting & moderating Reporting inappropriate conduct in online games and action we can take. What we can do Pre-set privacy controls on PS5 If you’re playing on PS5, there are four pre-set privacy options that you can access and switch between quickly, depending on the level of privacy you want. They range from ‘Social and Open’ for players who are happy to share their profile information and communicate with anyone, to ‘Solo and Focused’ where other players – including friends – will not be able to see your profile or send you messages. You can also choose to adjust many of these settings individually to customize your controls. Explore privacy presets Parental controls If you’re the parent or guardian of young players and you manage their accounts, there’s a whole suite of tools that you can use to shape what they can see, play, or interact with based on what you determine is appropriate to their age. You can set play time limits, disable chat and messaging, restrict age-rated games and media, set spending limits , and more, all from your console, PC, or smartphone, as well as PlayStation App. Account and console security Keep your console and account information locked behind flexible layers of security. Account and console security Control who can sign in on your PS4 or PS5 Protect your account PlayStation Store security Take charge of your spending on our digital game store Shop safely QR code sign-in If you use PlayStation App on your smartphone, signing in to your PS5 console for the first time is as quick and easy as scanning an on-screen QR code with your phone. The process becomes even simpler with future sign-ins: instead of scanning the QR code, you will automatically receive a push notification to your PS App whenever you need to sign in. ‘Quick Play’ guest accounts Friends and family members can play on your PS4 or PS5 console without having to sign-in to an account for PSN. This means they won’t have any access to your profile, payment information, saved games or anything else that’s linked to you. Likewise, when you play as a guest on a friend’s console, your data won’t be stored on that device. Two-step verification Two-step verification adds an extra layer of security to your account for PSN, ensuring that only you can access your profile. When you sign in on any PlayStation console or your mobile device, tablet or computer, you can opt to receive a unique, one-time verification code to your registered phone number or a third-party verification app, so we’ll know it’s definitely you that’s signing in. You can also choose to receive the code to your third party authenticator app of choice, if you prefer. Multi-layer password protection Keep your console and your account for PSN safe with unique passcodes that only you know. Set a unique four-digit login passcode that prevents others from automatically signing in with your account on your console.Disable guest login and prevent others from creating new console users or adjusting parental controls on your console by setting a separate system-level passcode. Additionally, we’ll ask you to re-enter your PSN account password if you need to access and make changes to select settings, including your Privacy settings. Suspicious log-in alerts If we detect any unusual attempts to access your account, we can block that sign-in and alert you via text message or email. Keeping your account information up to date – including adding a phone number – lets you take advantage of the full range of security features. You can do so from your account management settings . PSN wallet Adult accounts for PSN have an online wallet that can be used to store funds for purchases on PlayStation Store or from in-game storefronts.Parents can grant access to their child’s account to spend from this wallet and set monthly spending limits for purchases. Password at checkout Secure your purchases with your console sign-in password so that only you can authorize payments made to PlayStation Store. Privacy What personal information we collect from you, how we use and share it, and how you can tailor your privacy preferences. What personal information does PlayStation collect from me? Personal information is the information that identifies you, such as your name, email address, and your PSN Online ID. It also includes the information that we link to you, such as the games you play, the products you have, or the actions you take while on our devices and network. When you engage with us through, for example, the account creation process, using the console or PlayStation App, or playing a game, we collect personal information. During the account creation process, for instance, we collect identifiers such as your name and email address. When you use our services or play games on console or on PlayStation App, we collect additional information that we link to you such as age, trophies earned, progress within a game, or which players you play against. We may also receive information from third parties. For example, when you link your account with a third party service like Apple Music on PS5, we may have access to your Apple Music media library, ratings, or listening activity. For more details on the personal information we collect, check the “Information that We Collect or Receive” section in our Privacy Policy . How can I limit PlayStation’s collection of personal information about me? While much of the personal information we collect is necessary to deliver you our services, you can choose whether we collect more information. For example, on the PS5, you can choose whether we only collect the data that is necessary to deliver you our services (“Limited Data”) or whether we can collect more data for purposes such as improving your experience (“Full Data"). Learn more about how to update your privacy settings here or see “Where can I adjust my privacy settings” below. How does PlayStation use personal information? We use your personal information to provide you with the games you play and to enable the features and functions of PlayStation Network, playstation.com, and our mobile apps. In addition, we may use your information to understand, improve, and enhance our existing services, and to develop new ones. These enhancements may include improving user interfaces, game performance, or game design. We may also use your personal information to protect you, other users, our rights and properties, or those of our partners. For example, we may use your information to enforce our terms of service or other applicable terms, to identify fraudulent activities and to prevent abuse, or for auditing, compliance, and legal purposes. For more details about how we use your personal information, check the “Information Use” section of our Privacy Policy . How can I control PlayStation’s use of the personal information it has about me? You have several options to control how we use your personal information. For example, you can choose whether we can use your information to recommend you products and services that are tailored to your interests. If this is turned off, you may still see offers and recommendations, but they may be less relevant to your interests. You can also decide whether we can use your information to show you personalized ads in our products and services, and on third-party apps and sites. You can also decide whether your information can be used to send you video and music recommendations from our partner media services and apps. If you do not want to receive these recommendations, you can disable this setting, and you may still see recommendations from those partners and services, but they will be less relevant to your interests. You have the option to disable these settings at any time. Learn more about how to update your privacy settings here or below . How does PlayStation share my personal information? We may share your personal information with third parties, such as service providers: to provide you with the services, games, or apps you requested; to process your payments; or to protect the security of your personal information or against fraud, or partners such as: game publishers to deliver you their games and when we jointly deliver advertising, sweepstakes, promotions, or contests;security and fraud mitigation partners;Sony Group, to support various business and security processes; orbusiness transfer partners in the context of mergers and acquisitions. We will share your online ID with other users when you play a game with them. In addition, we may share your information with police and other government authorities to protect any person, their property, or their rights.For more details about how we use your personal information, check the “Information Sharing and Transfers” section of our Privacy Policy . What rights do I have regarding my personal information? We give all users the ability to access and delete the personal information we have about them. Depending on your country, you may have additional rights. Learn more about your rights, including how to exercise them, in our Privacy Policy How can I control what personal information is shared about me? You have several ways to control the sharing of your personal information, depending on the services you use. For example, you can decide who can see the games you play or the trophies you earn. If you decide to share these activities, you still have the ability to hide specific games you play from other users. This would hide that specific game from users, as well as the trophies you have earned within that game. On the PS4, you can also choose who can see the videos you watch, or who can see the last song you played on Spotify. In addition, you can decide who can request to watch your game play via Share Play. Learn more about how to update your privacy settings here or below . Where can I adjust my privacy settings? There are several places that you can sign in using your account for PSN and adjust your privacy settings: On PlayStation.com. Once you’ve signed in, go to Account Settings and choose Privacy Settings.Via your PS4 or PS5 console’s Settings menu.On the official PlayStation pp . Tap your avatar then head to the ‘Privacy’ icon. Friend Requests You can decide how you appear in member search results and who can send you friend requests. Close Friends You can choose to reveal your real name to any of your friends and become ‘Close Friends’. Otherwise, you can continue to appear online as your chosen online ID. For our young gamers, child accounts are prohibited from sharing their real name or picture. Online Status and Activities Choose to show your online status to friends, or to appear offline or busy, when you sign in and play. You can also decide whether other people can see the games you play, music you listen to, and entertainment services you use. More details on how to change your privacy settings Parties You can create a party when you play online. A party is an online space for you to plan your next gaming session, invite friends to play or to chat with while you play games. These can be private and restricted only to you and your friends, and if you started the party, you’ll have the power to mute or remove anyone from the session if they’re not welcome. Messaging PSN privacy settings let you decide who can send you direct or group messages, so you can stay in touch with friends without unwanted interruptions. URL Filters If a message contains a link to a website, we may scan the URL and remove it from the message if it leads to a site known to contain offensive or inappropriate material. Spam Filters We may screen PSN messages for spam to protect you while you play. If you ever receive a message that you think is spam, please report it to us so we can protect others. How to report spam or an offensive comment or message Video clips and screenshots If you share screenshots and videos to social media, who sees your content is controlled by your social media account settings for those services. On PS4, shared content can also be displayed in the What’s New feed for your PSN friends and followers to see – or you can adjust this setting so only you see clips and screenshots, if you prefer. Gameplay broadcasts When you live stream or post videos to YouTube or Twitch, who sees those broadcasts depends on the settings you have for those services. If you broadcast from the PS4 and the broadcast is set to public on YouTube or Twitch, it will appear in your Activities. You can still choose who can see your Activities by going to your privacy settings, clicking on Game / Media, and adjusting your Activities settings. Voice sharing If you’re playing online and using your microphone to chat with other players, you can restrict whether your voice can be included if another player is streaming their gameplay or recording a video clip. Blocking other players You shouldn’t have to play with anyone who acts inappropriately or makes you feel uncomfortable. You can mute players in-game, or block them to stop them from viewing your profile, contacting you or adding you to parties, and to limit contact with them next time you play. Reporting toxic behaviour Any behaviour that you believe violates the PlayStation Code of Conduct can be reported to our moderators. We take action on anything that violates our Terms of Service in a player’s profile, messages, broadcasts and other PSN features. You can also report any offensive voice chat on your PS5 console.To report in-game behaviour– like cheating, offensive chat, or any other actions that spoil the game for others – you should use that game’s reporting tools. Each game’s reporting function is different but can usually be found by selecting the offending player’s ID from the online menus. What we do Reports go to our team of moderators who review each case and decide if it breaches the code of conduct. If it has, the content will be removed and action will be taken, which could include suspending the player’s account from PSN. © 2023 Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC All content, games titles, trade names and/or trade dress, trademarks, artwork and associated imagery are trademarks and/or copyright material of their respective owners. All rights reserved. More info Privacy, account security & online safety Enter your date of birth. MM DD YYYY Please enter a valid date Sorry, you are not eligible to view this content.Privacy Policy About Us and this Policy This Privacy Policy explains when we collect information about you, including Personal Information (“ PI ”), what we collect, why we collect it, how we use it, who we share it with, where it is processed, how we handle it and your choices and legal rights associated with this information. Your use of our websites, products, services, or other online activities (“ Services ”) constitutes your consent to these practices. Scope of this Policy Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC, Naughty Dog LLC, Sucker Punch Productions LLC, Insomniac Games Inc., Bluepoint Games Inc., Valkyrie Entertainment LLC, Haven Interactive Studios ULC, Repeat Technologies Inc., and all Americas subsidiaries using the brand name PlayStation (" SIE ", “ we ,” “ our ,” and “ us ”) controls the information collected when you interact with PlayStation through our Services. Contact Us Please contact us with any privacy questions by phone at 1-800-345-7669 or online at http://www.playstation.com/support . See the bottom of this Privacy Policy for additional ways to contact us or to contact us for specific matters. Information That We Collect or Receive We collect and receive information from and about you by different means as described below. Information You Provide to Us We collect the information that you directly provide to us, such as when you enter it on our website, or include it in an email that you send to us. This type of collection often occurs through our business support processes, such as: Registration or PlayStation Network Account (“ Account ”) Creation Processes, where we ask you to provide information such as: Contact info (e.g. name, email or physical address, country, or phone number); Account Administration Info (e.g. user name, password, or security questions); Billing Information (e.g. credit card or other payment number, billing address); Date of Birth; and Profile Info (e.g. profile photo, languages, likes).Purchase Processes, where we may ask you to provide additional billing info to process payment. Technical and Customer Support Processes, where we may ask you to provide contact info and information related to the issue you are contacting us about. We may also record calls you make to PlayStation Support.Other business processes, where we may ask you to provide information such as name, email address, and Account ID if you participate in market research surveys, beta and other user testing research, competitions, promotions or events or agree to receive marketing information from us. In addition, we collect the information that you provide by entering it into certain Service features. For example, when you want to post in a forum, you provide us the content for the post (which could contain PI which we collect and then display for you on the forum). Likewise, when you use other features such as voice or text messaging, blogs, surveys, user-generated content, activity streams, or social media, we may first collect the information you enter into the feature. Please make sure that any personal details which you provide are accurate and current. We will send any important information relating to your Account to you using the contact information you provide (including Account security and privacy notices). You can check and update some of the information you have provided to us any time via Account Management. Automatic Information Collection We may also automatically or passively collect information about your use of our Services, see the sub-sections below for a list of categories by sources of such information. Consoles and other devices Each time you use a PlayStation console or a PlayStation app on a PlayStation console or other devices (such as a mobile phone or PC), we may automatically collect information about your use of that device and app. If you sign into an Account, we may combine it with other information we have for that Account. The information that we collect from devices may include: Device identifiers such as your PlayStation console ID, mobile device IDs, cookie IDs, or serial numbersNetwork identifiers such as your IP address and MAC addressAccount authentication tokens that avoid you having to log in repeatedlyContent and ads downloaded to your device for the online services that you accessYour current and recent locations (e.g. on PS Vita)Trophies, scores and rankings achieved online and offlineInformation about the device you are using, any connected peripherals (such as controllers and VR headsets) and how you have configured them Information about how you use the software installed on your device (which may include information about the use of the software offline), such as date and time of use, what games or music you play, what content you browse, share or download, what services you access and for how long, including how often you use chat and other communication applicationsThe actions you take within games or apps published by SIE (e.g.what obstacle you jump over and what levels you reach)Software errors and load times details, and if you have the "Report System Software Errors Automatically" setting turned on, detailed information about the crash, including screenshots and video captured before the crash On a device or app basis, depending on your region, and for games released after March 2018, you may be provided with choices that control our collection of information. For further information on these options, refer to the Choices section of this Privacy Policy below. PlayStation Network and Store Each time you sign into PlayStation Network and access our Services, we may automatically: Collect information about your use of PlayStation Network Services on your device.Log your activity on our PlayStation Network servers. For example, we may receive device and Account identifiers, such as your PlayStation Network Online ID and Account ID. We may also receive details of: the content, advertisements, and other information your devices request and receive from our servers (such as store content, trophies, and friends lists) and when you receive and interact with them; what content and apps you add to your 'basket' in our Store; and what you purchase. Games Each time you play a game developed and/or published by us or another Sony Interactive Entertainment company we may automatically: Collect information about your use of that game on your device (including for offline games, which may include information about the use of the game offline).Log your activity on our game servers. For example, we may receive device and Account identifiers, such as PlayStation Network Online ID, information about how you use our online games, and which players you play against. Websites, Marketing, and Advertising Each time you visit our websites or receive and interact with our marketing communications and advertising on our and third-party websites and services, we may automatically log your activity on web, emails, or advertising and marketing servers we control through cookies (small information files placed on a hard drive), web beacons, tracking pixels, browser configuration details (e.g. browser type, list of installed plugins and list of installed fonts), and embedded scripts (programming code that is temporarily downloaded onto a device). Information We Receive from Third Parties We may receive information, including the following, from third party sources and combine it with information we already directly collect from you. We will handle the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Game, social media, or other information, from those third parties or services you link your Account with, or who provide information to power PlayStation Network features.Information from other users, for example if those users have given us access to their profiles and if you are one of their connections, or information about you is otherwise made accessible to us by them.Information from third-parties as appropriate given our relationship, for example from anti-fraud service providers we might obtain fraud risk scores; from law enforcement or partners, we might obtain IP addresses and details of suspected unlawful or malicious activity. Card account update information provided by your bank to help keep your payment cards up to date on your Account. Following any update, we will continue to charge the applicable payment methods to any purchases you make unless you notify us otherwise. Information Use This section explains how we may use the information we collect about you. We may combine information from any of the sources explained in the “Information That We Collect or Receive” section of this Privacy Policy. For example, we may process together information we have collected from you, your visits to our website, your device gameplay history, etc., for the purposes explained in this Privacy Policy. Services We may use your information to operate our Services. We may also personalize the services we provide to you based on the information we have collected about you (for instance, we may use your IP address to display content relevant for your area). And, to enable accessibility settings functions (for you, or other users), we may convert your voice data to text. Development We use the information we collect to understand, improve and enhance our existing Services, your experiences with them, and our business operations, and to develop new ones. For example, we may use the information to develop and optimize user interfaces or game performance. Moderation and Safety We cannot monitor the whole of PlayStation Network and make no commitment to do so.However, we reserve the right in our sole discretion to monitor (including through the use of technology that automatically detects images, text, and URLs that breach our Terms of Service) and record your online activity and communication throughout PlayStation Network and to remove and/or delete any content. We may use the information we collect (as described above) to detect breaches and enforce our PlayStation Network Terms of Service, Software Usage Terms, System Software License Agreements, any other terms of service you have agreed to and any rules or codes of conduct applicable to your use of PlayStation Network. Marketing and Advertising We may target and personalize our marketing communications, purchase recommendations and advertisements that we display on our and third-party websites and services based on the information we have collected about you. You may notice this personalization on the PlayStation Store (whether via console, website or in-game), in marketing communications, or when you visit our and third-party websites (such as social network sites) that show purchase recommendations or advertisements from us. You have options to control our use of information we have collected about you to personalize marketing to you, and can learn more about them in the Choices section of this Privacy Policy. Legal and Compliance We may use the information we collect for auditing, compliance and legal purposes (for example, protecting the rights and property of Sony, its partners and customers). Security In order to help protect you and others, we may use the information we collect and receive in order to: Identify fraudulent activities and transactions.Prevent abuse of and investigate and/or prosecute any potential threat to or misuse of our Services.Protect your account from unauthorized access (for example by preventing access if an attempt is made to log-in from a new location). Information Sharing and Transfers This section explains how we may share the information we collect with third parties that provide services to us or provide games and apps on PlayStation Network that you use. We do not and will not accept money in exchange for sharing PI. We may share your information with the following recipients and for the following purposes. Service Providers We share information with service providers to SIE, who are persons or companies that provide services which may include handling PI for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Service providers are required to adhere to this Privacy Policy, and confidentiality and security requirements. Partners We may share information with the following partners: Financial organizations, such as payment details in order to complete your purchase, obtain payment and carry out credit and anti-fraud checks.Game publishers, such as the content you have purchased from PlayStation Store so that they can deliver that content to you in-game, and ensure your entitlement to access that content is reflected across different gaming platforms.Other service, application or website providers, for operational purposes, or for additional purposes, with your permission (such as when you link your Account to your account with them). Security and fraud partners, as appropriate to support the security of our Services, fraud prevention, or protect PI.Advertising and promotional partners, with whom we are jointly delivering services or features, such as sweepstakes, contests, promotions, or advertising.Sony Group, for purposes related to providing you with content, products, or services, including games, videos, music, software and software applications; community administration or development; to support various business and security processes; research and development; and so that other Sony group companies may contact you about products, services or other offerings that may be of interest to you. Business transfer partners, in connection with the negotiation and sale of the applicable business, a portion of the business, or certain stock and/or assets, or a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, or other corporate change including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process. Other Users When you create an Account, certain information will form part of your public profile and we will make it accessible to all accounts on PlayStation Network, on the Internet via playstation.com, and some third-party websites, apps or services. This information includes: Your PlayStation Network Online ID"About Me" statement, avatar, language, country and gaming scores and statisticsContent you have shared You are responsible for any content you share on forums, communities, chat and messaging features. This content will be accessible to other users who can then share that information further. We recommend you consider carefully what you share and with whom you share your information.We may also index and use content which you have shared publicly, as part of our platform’s features like Game Help, PlayStation profiles, or future PlayStation Network services. Government Authorities We may share your information with police and other government authorities if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to comply with a law, regulation, or legal process, to detect, protect and enforce the safety of any person, their property or their rights, to address fraud and security and report criminal activity. The majority of the cases in which we have shared information with police and government authorities concern their investigations into stolen devices, unauthorized use of payment methods, or moderation purposes and safety of PlayStation Network and its users. In a small number of cases, we have also provided information in response to anti-fraud or more serious criminal investigations. Information Handling and Your Choices Children’s Information We are committed to respecting children's privacy. We will not collect PI from anyone we have actual knowledge is under the age of 13, without a parent's consent. We do not share the PI of children who we have actual knowledge are under the age of 16 for delivery of advertising purposes. If you are creating an account for your child, we recommend that you and your child read our Privacy Information for Young Players to help them understand how we handle their PI and their rights over their PI. With parental consent, we will collect, use and share information collected from or about children in accordance with the practices described in this document, with the following exceptions. Information You Provide to Us A parent only needs to provide limited information about their child (an email address and date-of-birth) to create an Account for their child. Providing gender is optional.Only with the parent's approval to create an Account for the child, can a child add their address.The spending limit of the Account for your child is set by the associated parent's Account. Information You May Choose to Share A parent can control, through the “Free Communication” setting on their child's Account, their child's ability to use (and share PI through) text chat, voice chat, video chat, and other messaging features from communicating directly with other users in games, apps or via system software features. Please note that a child's Account can still (1) Send and receive predetermined text messages created by a game or app, (2) Create and see other users' in-game character names, designs, and clan titles, (3) Use communication services via an Internet browser unless specifically disabled, and (4) Communicate via system messaging on PS3 and PS Vita. A parent can control their child's ability to post or view user-generated content, including photos, videos, drawings, and content imported from outside sources (any of which might contain PI) through the user-generated content control. This will not prevent video capture of a child Account user's online gameplay.A parent can agree to our collection and use of their child's PI without consenting to our disclosure to third parties, except when the disclosure is inherent to the Services we are providing. When a parent allows their child's Account to participate in games, chat or user-generated content features, they also consent to SIE sharing information with the publishers of the games, applications, or services that incorporate those features and the collection of information entered into such features by the child's Account (e.g. typing text into the chat feature). If you discover your child under the age of 13 has provided PI to us without your consent, once we verify you are the child's parent, we will promptly: (a) provide direct notice to you indicating what, if any PI of your child has been collected and how it has been used or disclosed; (b) remove and cease the use of your child's PI or other information from our database and (c) by notice to you, confirm compliance with the foregoing. International Transfers Our Services are operated in the United States, United Kingdom, Japan, and other countries/areas/regions around the world. Please be aware that information we collect, including PI, will be transferred to, processed and stored in these countries/areas/regions and, as such, courts, law enforcement, and other authorities in these countries may, in certain circumstances, be entitled to access your PI. We ensure there are adequate safeguards in place when transferring your information outside your country by entering contracts with the recipients, European Commission Standard Contractual Clauses or otherwise that the transfer only occurs where permitted by applicable law.By using our Services or providing us with any information through them, you acknowledge this transfer, processing, and storage of your information in these countries in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside or are a citizen. Security and Retention We seek to maintain appropriate technical and organizational security measures that conform to industry standards to help protect your information against unauthorized or accidental disclosure, access, misuse, loss, or alteration. Although we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information. There is no such thing as perfect security. We advise you to make use of the enhanced account access controls that we make available such as 2-Step Verification. Please visit www.playstation.com and/or contact PlayStation Help and Support if you need any assistance in restricting access to your devices or accounts. Please keep any passwords and passcodes for your devices and accounts safe and do not disclose them to anyone else. Consider ensuring automatic account log-in setting is disabled and the setting requiring a password to be entered before completing purchases is enabled, particularly if your PlayStation device is shared with others. You should contact PlayStation Support immediately if you become aware of any unauthorized use of your accounts or other security breaches. We may retain information about you as long as it is necessary for us to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy. In addition, we may retain your information for an additional period as is permitted or required to, among other things, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce agreements. Where required by applicable law, we shall delete your information when the information is no longer necessary or requested to do so. Even if we delete your information from active databases, the information may remain on backup or archival media as well as other information systems. Your Choices and Rights Your Choices You may have certain choices about how your information is collected, used, stored, and shared. These options can be accessed through your Account or device settings. Please ensure that your information is up-to-date. Among others, you have the following choices: Personalized content and marketing: Whether we may use the information we have collected about you to personalize advertising and purchase recommendations. Note that we will always slightly customize what you see (e.g. to avoid displaying content you've already purchased from the PlayStation Store), and some older devices (e.g. PS3/Vita), apps and games may still show some commercial personalization.Personalized communications: Whether we may use the information we have collected, to personalize emails and notifications. Limited Data/Service Data and Full Data/Advanced Data collection: Whether we may collect only the Limited Data necessary to provide our Services, or Full Data to enable a richer experience.E-Mail Messages: Whether we send you marketing emails.Sharing social PI: Whether to share other information, such as your real, name, PlayStation Network friends, or activities.Shared content: Whether to share content such as gameplay videos with other users. Do Not Track (DNT) "Do Not Track" is an internet browser setting regarding tracking. As there are currently no agreed upon standards for the DNT signals or how to respond to them, we adhere to the standards set out in this Privacy Policy. Your Rights In addition to the rights described below, you can also access, amend or delete some information through your Account Settings page. Request to Access and Correct: You have the right to request that we inform you of the PI we hold about you, as well as to request the correction of any inaccurate information about you.Right of Access: You have the right to request that we inform you of the PI we have collected, used and shared about you, and to obtain a copy of it.Right of Deletion: You have the right to request that we delete the PI we have collected or retained about you in some circumstances as defined by law. To request removal of certain of your PI from a blog, forum, or message board, please contact us as described in the Contact Us section above. Following your request for deletion, please be aware that the information that we collect about you may still be retained for legal, accounting, business continuity (backup), anti-fraud and community reasons. In some cases, your choices to provide, change or delete information may affect our ability to deliver our Services, or your user experience. We may decline to process requests which are not otherwise required by applicable law. You have the right not to be unlawfully discriminated against because you have exercised these rights.To make a Request to Access or Deletion, please visit http://support.playstation.com/ccpa , or contact Consumer Services toll-free at 1-800-345-7669. After you submit a request, we will require you to confirm your request, and verify your identity by requesting details of your account, devices, payment instruments or past transactions. We reserve the right to deny your requests if we cannot verify your identity. Right to Opt-Out of Share We may share data about your activities related to PlayStation services, websites, and apps with third parties to provide ads that are more personalized to you on third-party platforms. You may opt-out of our sharing of your personal information by visiting the link below and completing the web form: https://www.playstation.com/en-us/legal/third-party-ads/. Alternatively, you may also opt-out by sending an email to sie-privacy@sony.com and providing the email address associated with your PSN account. This Privacy Policy is made available in an accessible format that is compatible with ADA compliant web browsers. For an alternative accessible PDF of the Privacy Policy please contact 1-800-345-7669. Complaints ESRB Privacy Certified This Privacy Statement and the confirmation page at www.esrb.org/confirm/siea-confirmation.aspx or accessed by clicking the seal in the footer of any page of playstation.com) confirms that SIE is a valid licensee and participating member in the Entertainment Software Rating Board's Privacy Certified Program. We have undertaken this privacy initiative and our websites have been reviewed and certified by ESRB Privacy Online to meet established online information collection and use practices. As part of the privacy program, we are subject to frequent audits of our sites and other enforcement and accountability mechanisms administered independently by ESRB. How to Contact Us About this Privacy Policy For further information on our Privacy Policy, or how users can review or change their information, please contact us at: - By Phone at: 1-800-345-7669 - By Mail at: SONY INTERACTIVE ENTERTAINMENT CONSUMER SERVICES DEPARTMENT 2207 BRIDGEPOINTE PARKWAY SAN MATEO, CALIFORNIA, 94404 SIE is a licensee of ESRB's Privacy Certified Program. If you believe that we have not responded to your privacy-related inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact ESRB Privacy Certified at www.esrb.org/privacy/contact.aspx . Changes to this Policy We may revise this Privacy Policy at any time and we will update this Policy with any revisions. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you acknowledge and accept that PI will be handled in accordance with the revised Privacy Policy. Last Revised: 2023-06 © 2023 Sony Interactive Entertainment LLC All content, games titles, trade names and/or trade dress, trademarks, artwork and associated imagery are trademarks and/or copyright material of their respective owners. All rights reserved. More info Privacy Policy Enter your date of birth. MM DD YYYY Please enter a valid date Sorry, you are not eligible to view this content.