Plum Privacy Policy Plum Privacy Policy At Plum, we take your privacy seriously. This document explains what kind of information Wine Plum, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Plum”) collects and stores, including Personally Identifiable Information (i.e., data that can be reasonably linked to a specific individual or household) in connection with the operation of the Plum Appliance (collectively, “Plum Products”). We pledge to: -Be transparent about the types of information we collect and how we use them -Ask your permission before sharing your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties for purposes other than to provide Plum’s services, and to do so only when we think it will be a welcome additional service -Use our best efforts to keep your data safe and protect Plum Products from unauthorized access By using this service, you agree to allow us to collect and process information as described below. What information does the Plum Appliance collect? The Plum Appliance collects: Information input during setupData from the Plum Appliance sensorsYour wine history, wine reviews, and followersAnonymized consumption information so we can build trend reportsPurchase information and social information from the Plum web and mobile appsTechnical information from the device Information input during setup: When you install the Plum Appliance, you’ll be asked several questions. Data from the Plum’s sensors: We collect data on how much argon is left in the canister, how much wine is left in each bottle, and what temperature is in each chamber. By recording this information, the Plum Appliance can offer better features. Technical information from the device : In order to improve your experience over time and help troubleshoot any problem you may encounter with the Plum Appliance, we record your Plum Appliance model and serial number, software version, and technical information. If a Plum Product interfaces to third party products and services, will information be shared? Over time, Plum may provide the opportunity for you to interface Plum Products to one or more third party products and services, which will involve the exchange of information from your Plum Product. Your explicit consent and authorization will be required for this interface, and will be revocable by you at any time. What additional information does Plum collect and store when a user connects a Plum Product to the Internet? To access your Plum Product over the Internet from a computer, a smartphone or a tablet, you will need to connect it to your Wi-Fi network. During setup, the Plum Product will ask for your Wi-Fi network name (SSID) and password to connect to the Internet. It will save this information on the device, along with your IP address, so that you can see Plum Appliance wine data from your computer, smartphone or tablet, and so that it can communicate with Plum servers and download software updates. Once connected to your Wi-Fi network, your Plum Product regularly uploads to Plum cloud servers the data mentioned above (excluding your Wi-Fi password) to provide you with the service. Additionally, when you create a Plum Account, we collect and store your email address. From that point forward, your email address is used for communications from Plum. Like most Internet sites, we routinely record log entries (including information such as your IP address) and technical information (such as your browser type and version) when your browser, mobile device or Plum Product contacts our servers. These log files are used for troubleshooting and are stored on our cloud servers. How does Plum use the information it collects? We use this information to provide and improve Plum Products and services, including information about your wine consumption. We may use your email address to send you this information, or to ask you to participate in surveys about your Plum use. We use service providers to perform some of these functions. Those service providers are restricted from sharing your information for any other purpose. We use industry-standard methods to keep this information safe and secure while transmitted over your home network and through the Internet to our cloud servers. With whom does Plum share my information? Under no circumstance do we share Personally Identifiable Information for any commercial or marketing purpose unrelated to the delivery of Plum Products and services without asking you first. We do not rent or sell our customer lists. Our service technicians and other Plum employees have limited access to your information so they can answer your questions if you contact us for help and so they can monitor our servers for technical problems.Except as described herein, we will only provide Personally Identifiable Information about our users to a third party if required to do so by law, or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws or respond to a court order, subpoena, or search warrant. We may share your aggregated and anonymous information in a variety of ways, including to publish trends about wine consumption, demographics data and other data that would be interesting to the general public. We’ve taken steps to ensure that the information cannot be linked back to you and we require our partners to keep all information in its anonymous form. Your personal information may be collected, processed and stored by Plum or its service providers in the United States and other countries where our servers reside. As a result, your personal information may be subject to legal requirements, including lawful requirements to disclose personal information to government authorities, in those jurisdictions. If you select an outside party for the purchase of your Plum appliance and share your personal information, we cannot control the collection, storage or sharing of information collected by that party. Always check the privacy policies for any company that collects your personal information. How long does Plum save my personal information and how can I delete it? Plum stores your Personally Identifiable Information on Plum’s cloud servers for as long as you remain a Plum customer in order to provide you with the service. As described above, some information is stored directly on the Plum appliance. All information is encrypted and cannot easily be accessed. If you have any questions, please contact us at privacy@plum.wine Website Privacy Policy COLLECTION: Wine Plum, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Plum”) collect your information at Plum.wine and its sub-domains (each, a “Site”) in several ways. This information is used to provide users with Plum products and services, to allow us to understand how visitors navigate our Site, and to provide advertising that is relevant to your interests. Purchase and Log-In Information: If you pre-order or purchase Plum products from our Site, we request that you provide your name, email address, billing and shipping address, credit card information and any other information necessary to complete the transaction. If you create a Plum account, your name, billing and shipping address and the last four digits of your credit card information can be stored. We do not collect or store your full credit card information. Our credit card processing service providers, Shopify and Stripe, will collect and store full payment card information from you, even as a guest user, when an order is placed until when it ships. If you create a Plum account and elect to have payment card information saved, Plum will store your payment information. Mailing List Information: You may choose to submit your email address via a submission form located on our Site. Your email address may be used to send you news about Plum-related services, products or promotions. We may use one or more service providers to administer these messages, but we do not share your email address with spammers or any other third parties without your permission. Appliance Usage information: If you are logged into your Plum account, we record the IP address you visit our website from. We store this data along with your email address, information about your Plum appliance, data collected directly by the appliance, a history of your appliance settings, and any other information we have collected about your use of Plum products and services. See our Privacy Statement to learn more about the usage information collected through our products. Website Use Information: Other Information Collected Automatically. IP and Device Identifiers: The Plum Service automatically collects usage information, such as the number and frequency of visitors to the Plum Site and users of the Plum Service. We may also collect device-specific information if you access the Plum Service using a mobile device. Device information may include unique device identifier, media access control address, network information, and hardware model, as well as non-personally identifiable usage and traffic data and information about how the device interacts with the Plum Service. This type of data enables us and third parties authorized by us to figure out how often individuals use parts of the Plum Service and learn more about our users’ demographics and Internet behaviors, so that we can analyze, operate and improve our products and services. Cookies and Web Beacons: When you visit a Plum Site, we may automatically collect information from your web browser, including your IP address, and may assign your computer one or more cookies to facilitate access to the Plum Site and to analyze and customize your website experience.This information helps us recognize you, customize your website experience, store items in your cart between visits and make our marketing messages more relevant. Cookies may automatically collect information about your online activity on the Plum Site, such as the web pages you visit, the links you click, and the searches you conduct on our site. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use some of the interactive features we offer. We may also use other standard Internet technologies, such as web beacons, to track your use of a Plum Site. Web beacons allow ad networks to provide anonymized and aggregated auditing, research and reporting for us and for advertisers. Web beacons also enable ad networks to serve targeted advertisements to you when you visit other websites. Because your web browser must request these advertisements and web beacons from the ad network’s servers, these advertising companies can view, edit, or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site. This Privacy Policy covers our use of cookies and similar technologies only and does not cover uses by third parties. Please contact these third-party companies (e.g. Google) directly for more information about their privacy policy and your choices regarding the tags and information collected by the tags and cookies. How We Use the Information We Collect In general, we may use information that we collect about you to: to send you marketing communications about our products and services;to provide you with the products and services that you purchase from us;to enhance or supplement our services and products for you;to communicate with your regarding the status of your products and services and to allow you to communicate with us;perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our products, services, or content, or products, services or content offered by others; and perform functions as otherwise described to you in this Privacy Policy or at the time of collection. With Whom We Share Your Information We do not share your personal information with any third parties without your consent, except as may be necessary to deliver email messages to you, provide analytics and systems analysis for our internal use, process your payment information and/or provide other products and services that you have requested from us, or as further described in this section. Promotions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, from time to time we may run promotional or marketing efforts, such as contests, sweepstakes and/or giveaways with third parties (collectively, “Promotions”). If you choose to participate in any such Promotions, then any personal information you provide in order to participate in a Promotion may be shared with such third parties and be subject to their privacy policies. In addition, you may be provided the opportunity to share your information through third party services like Facebook, if you choose to do so. Public Information. Please remember that any content you provide to your public user profile, along with any personal information or content that you voluntarily disclose in a manner that other users can view, can be collected and used by any Plum user. In addition, your username will be displayed to other users through the Plum Service, and other users can contact you through the Plum Service. Content that you post publicly on, through, or in connection with the Plum Service, including on third party services such as social media accounts, may also be public. Agents: Plum employees have monitored access to your information so they can answer your questions if you contact us for help and so they can monitor our servers for technical problems. Financial Information. As described above, unless we tell you otherwise at the time you provide Financial Information, we do not store, process or maintain Financial Information. The use and storage of your Financial Information is governed by our payment processor’s and/or financing partner’s terms, conditions and privacy policies. Marketing Partners. We sometimes share information gathered from our customers with carefully selected third party vendors, who assist us and other parties in marketing products and services. These vendors may assist us and other parties with customer research, management of customer and prospective customer databases, promotional mailings or other targeted promotions. The information shared may include your name, contact information, and transaction history. You may request at any time that we do not share your information with these third parties by contacting us using the methods described below. Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others. We may use analytics service providers (e.g.Google Analytics) to analyze how you interact and engage with the Plum Service so we can learn and make enhancements to offer you a better experience. We also allow others to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet. These entities may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about you. This information may be used by us and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity or effectiveness of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests, and better understand your online activity. Other Situations. We may also disclose your information: In response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, court order, or request for cooperation from law enforcement or other government agencies; to establish or exercise our legal rights; to defend against legal claims; or as otherwise required by law. In such cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us.In connection with a corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business or offering of securities, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy. In any of these cases user information, including personal information, could be one of the assets transferred to or acquired or accessed by a third party. We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information that we reasonably believe is necessary to comply with any law or order as described above, to enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other agreements, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Plum, our employees, our users, or others. Your Choices Regarding Your Information You can always opt not to disclose certain information to us, even though it may be needed to take advantage of some of the features of the Plum Service. Opt Outs. If you have provided us with your email address and you would like to stop receiving marketing emails from us, click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any of our email communications. It may take up to 72 hours to process your unsubscribe request.Direct Mail and Marketing Partners. If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from us via direct mail, or if you want to request that we do not share your contact information with our marketing partners, please contact us using the information in the “How to Contact Us” section below and specify your name and mailing address, and any other specific contact information that you wish to restrict. Please note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing communications from us, we reserve the right to contact you for non-marketing reasons related to your Plum products or account, such as for password recovery purposes or service calls that you have requested. Interest Based Advertising: Plum participates in interest-based advertising (IBA), also known as Online Behavioral Advertising. We use third-party advertising companies to display ads tailored to your individual interests based on how you browse and shop online, as well as to provide advertising-related services such as ad delivery, reporting, attribution, analytics, and market research. Plum adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) self-regulatory principles for IBA. We allow third-party companies to collect certain information when you visit our websites or use our mobile applications. This information is used to serve ads for Plum products or services when you visit this website or other websites. These companies use non-personally-identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, hardware/software information, cookie and session ID) and personally identifiable information (e.g., static IP address) during your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about Plum and likely to be of greater interest to you or advertising-related services, such as ad delivery, reporting, attribution, analytics, and market research. These parties typically use a cookie, web beacon or other similar tracking technologies to collect this information. To make choices about interest-based ads from participating third parties, please visit the DAA’s or NAI’s consumer opt out pages, which are located at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ or http://www.aboutads.info/choices . Do Not Track Policy. Through cookies we place on your browser or device, we may collect information about your online activity after you leave the Plum Service. Just like any other usage information we collect, this information allows us to improve the Plum Service, customize your experience, and perform the other activities described in this Privacy Policy.Your browser may offer a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services (including behavioral advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and across different websites Your selection of the “Do Not Track” option provided by your browser may not have any effect on our collection of cookie information for analytic and internal purposes. The only way to completely “opt out” of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology is to actively manage the settings on your browser or mobile device to delete and disable cookies and other tracking/recording tools. (To learn more about cookies, clear gifs/web beacons and related technologies, you may wish to visit org ). Notice to California Residents. California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice that identifies the categories of personal information that we share with third parties for marketing purposes and that provides contact information for such third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the mailing address at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. Telephone requests cannot be accepted. Please note that our response will include only information about our sharing practices for information covered by the law. Third-Party Sites and Features: Our Site may contain links to other websites operated by third parties and may include social media features such as Facebook and Twitter buttons (such as “Like,” “Tweet” or “Pin”). These third-party sites may collect information about you if you click on a link and the social media sites may automatically record information about your browsing behavior every time you visit a site that has a social media button. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the feature, not by our privacy policy. We do not control what information these third parties collect. Please review your privacy settings on your social media sites and think carefully before clicking on links which may take you to a third-party website. Minors: Our Site does not knowingly collect or store any personal information about children under the age of 13. The following are the limited situations where we may share personal information: We may share non-personal information (for example, aggregated or anonymized customer data) publicly and with our partners. For example, we may publish trends about wine usage. This information may also be shared with other users to help them better understand their businesses (e.g. wineries), or help us generally improve our system. Except as described herein, we will only provide personally identifiable information about our users to a third party if required to do so by law, or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws or respond to a court order, subpoena, or search warrant. SECURITY: Plum takes security seriously and cares about the integrity of your personal information. We use commercially reasonable physical, administrative, and technological methods to transmit your data securely including HTTPS, SSL, and 128bit encryption. The data is stored using Amazon’s AWS cloud service. However, Plum cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat our security measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, we will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations. International Visitors: The Plum website is hosted in the United States and is intended for United States visitors. If you are accessing the site from the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, then please note that you are transferring your personal data to the United States and by providing your personal data you consent to that transfer. Business Transitions: Upon the sale or transfer of the company and/or all or part of its assets, your personal information may be among the items sold or transferred. We will request a purchaser to treat our data under the privacy statement in place at the time of its collection. Changes to Privacy Policy: Please note that this privacy policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this privacy policy without providing you with notice — on the Site or by contacting you — and the opportunity for you to stop using the Site. If you have any questions, please contact us at privacy@plum.wine .Last Updated: January 15, 2019 Plum © 2022 Menu PRODUCT Accessories COMPANY About Press Careers Plum for Hotels Financing CONNECT Contact Support Wineries Wine Heroes SIGN UP FOR EMAIL UPDATES Email PRODUCT Accessories FAQs COMPANY Press Careers Plum for Hotels Financing CONNECT Contact Support Wineries Wine Heroes SIGN UP FOR EMAIL UPDATES Email Twitter First Name Last Name Email Address Phone Number Job Title Hotel Name City State Country Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Linkedin FOLLOW US Company ROI Calculator Revenue Number of rooms Occupancy Rate Price per Glass Glasses Sold per Week Amenity Number of Daily Amenities Cost per Amenity Amenity prep & Delivery Time Staff Hourly Rate Service Recovery Number of Daily Recoveries Cost per Recovery Total Benefit Wine by the Glass Revenue Calculation 148,720.00 Wine by the Glass Revenue Amenity Expense Reduction Calculation 21,443.75 Amenity Savings Service Recovery Expense Reduction Calculation 12,775.00 Service Recovery Savings Total Benefit Calculation 182,938.75 ROI Calculator First Name Last Name Email Phone Are you a wine lover? Get exclusive deals and insider information. Email