Privacy Policy Effective January 1, 2020 Updated June 26, 2023 TABLE OF CONTENTS Introduction The Information We Collect How We Use the Information We Collect How We Share the Information Collected Legal Grounds for Using (Processing) Your Information Your Rights & Your Choices Marketing Choices Cookies Privacy Rights Sale/Targeted Advertising Opt Out Rights (California, Nevada, & Virginia Residents) Subscriber Preferences Retention of Your Information Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies Links to Third Party Sites Security Special Note For Parents Transfer Information to the United States Changes to This Privacy Policy Disputes; No Rights of Third Parties Contact Us: Data Privacy Officer Appendix A: California Privacy Notice 1. Introduction This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy” or “Policy”) explains how Penske Media Corporation and its subsidiaries and affiliates, which are set forth below (collectively, “PMC”, “We” and “Us”) process information on our websites, our digital applications, online stores for PMC events, or in connection with subscriptions (online and offline) for PMC sites and publications (the “Publications”) that are linked to or contain the URL for this Privacy Policy (all of the foregoing, collectively, “Services”) and that PMC may collect offline or from third parties. Certain third-party subscription pages for Publications and other third-party sites or apps where we collect information are considered “Services” when linked to this Privacy Policy, but this Policy does not otherwise apply to other information collected through the third party website(s). This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Services’ Terms of Use . By using the Services, you acknowledge you have read and understand this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, you must discontinue using the Services. For the purposes of data protection laws, PMC is the data controller. PMC’s address is 11175 Santa Monica Boulevard, Los Angeles, CA 90025 This Policy does not apply to: Human Resource Information: Information submitted on the PMC Careers page at https://pmc.com/careers-listing/ or to employees, former employees, candidates, or contractors. Information submitted on the PMC Careers page is governed by the Penske Media Corporation Human Resources Privacy Notice. PMC’s subsidiaries and affiliates include Ampav Media, LLC, Artforum Media, LLC, Art Media, LLC, BGR Media, LLC, Billboard Media, LLC, Billboard IP Holdings, LLC, Deadline Hollywood, LLC, Dirt.com, LLC, Fairchild Publishing, LLC, Gold Derby Media, LLC, IndieWire Media, LLC, LA3C, LLC, Magazine Antiques Media, LLC, Penske Business Media, LLC, PME Holdings, LLC, P-MRC Music, LLC, PMC Studios, LLC, Robb Report Media, LLC, Rolling Stone, LLC, Rolling Stone Licensing, LLC, Rolling Stone Media, LLC, RSW Productions, LLC, SheMedia, LLC, Sourcing Journal Media, LLC, Sportico Media, LLC, Spy Media, LLC, The Hollywood Reporter, LLC, TVLine Media, LLC, Variety Media, LLC, Vibe Media Publishing, LLC, and Wenner Media, LLC. This list may be updated from time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, this Policy does not apply to any websites operated by third parties publishing foreign editions of the Publications and related websites and digital properties. For information about information practices of the publisher and blogger network advertising services of SheMedia, LLC, please read the SHE Media Ad Services Privacy Policy 2. The Information We Collect We obtain information from or about you in connection with our Services. The information we collect and the purposes for which we use depends on the specific Services and how you interact with PMC. For example, we collect the information you provide when you enter a contest, complete a survey, participate in a reader panel, register for a part of our Services or an event, make a purchase, request a refund, participate in our social networking features, subscribe to our Publications, or send us an email or feedback. If you post material to any forums or our social networking features or other community boards offered on our Services, such materials will be collected and some information, including your posted pseudonym, may be publicly available for others to view. We, or our service providers on our behalf, may collect the following information about you or your use of the Services: Information You Provide to Us: Registration or Contact Information such as e-mail address, name, phone number, and address.Customer service information such as questions and other messages you address to us directly through online forms, by email, over the phone, or by post; and summaries or voice recordings of your interactions with customer care Demographic, statistical and interest information such as interests, lifestyle information, hobbies, health and wellness information, your age, date of birth, gender, income and other personal finance information, sexual orientation, and race or ethnicity* (to the extent permitted by and in accordance with applicable law. You may provide this information in connection with registering for the Services or events, participating in surveys on the Services, or other opportunities to provide profile or interest information. Event or Experience Information, in addition to registration and demographic or interest information, information required for event attendance, including health* (depending on the event and public health recommendations and/or requirements) and safety information, driver’s license or passport information (as required for driving eligibility or in connection with travel for events or experiences) or information that you can volunteer in connection with an event. Financial and transactional information such as order information, billing information, and credit or debit card number or payment account information (processed by our payment processors), verification number, and expiration date, to process payments and information about your transactions and purchases with us Employment or Education Information when you register for events or do business with us such as education history, employment experience, business contact information, and union or guild membership. User-generated content such as comments on articles, photos, videos, audio, any information you submit in public forums or message boards, reviews and feedback or testimonials you provide about our Services. Research or survey information (including contact information and user generated content) collected if you participate in a survey. Surveys are voluntary and may request any of the demographic, statistical and interest information above, in addition to product ownership, purchase history or intentions, political views, religion, and union or guild membership. In some circumstances, our surveys are embedded on our Services and your responses are associated with your other information including device identifiers or cookies and contact information (to the extent we have such information). Sweepstakes information including contact information and user generated content collected if you participate in a sweepstakes or contest, including information needed for you to participate and information required to fulfill your prize. For prizes over a certain value, we may collect social security number or other identification information for tax purposes. Contact Information about others, (including personal identifiers) such as name and mailing address to send a gift or use our send-to-a-friend functionality. If you use send-to-a-friend on our Services, your email address may be included in the communication sent to your friend. Social media information (which may include contact information, photos, location, user generated content, demographic information) if you link your account or access the Services through a third-party connection or log-in, we may have access to any information you provide to that social network depending on your privacy settings such as your name, email address, friend list, photo, gender, location, and current city; and information you provide to us directly through our pages on social networking and blogging platforms (e.g., Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, WordPress, and Twitter) Other information you choose to provide directly to PMC in connection with your use of the Services Information We Collect Automatically: Device information and identifiers such as IP address; time zones, browser type and language; operating system; ISP provider; platform type; device type; software and hardware attributes; and unique device, advertising, and app identifiers Internet network and device activity data such as information about files you download, domain names, landing pages, browsing activity, content or ads viewed and clicked, dates and times of access, pages viewed, products, goods or services viewed, forms you complete or partially complete, search terms, uploads or downloads, the URL that referred you to our Services, the web sites you visit after this web site; if you share our content to social media platforms; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers, whether you open an email and your interaction with email content, access times, error logs, and other similar information. See “ Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ” below for more information about how we collect and use this information.Geolocation information such as country, city, state and ZIP code associated with your IP address or derived through Wi-Fi triangulation; time zones; and precise geolocation information from GPS-based functionality on your mobile devices, with your permission in accordance with your mobile device settings* Information from Third Parties: We may also collect the information outlined above (except “Other Information You Choose to Provide”), such as contact information, demographic and interest information listed above, social media information, as well as product ownership, purchase history, political views, religion, union or guild membership, and professional information (such as your title and employer) from other sources such as public and commercial data sources, affiliates, entities providing conferences and other events, marketers, social media networks, third party advertising partners in accordance with your privacy preferences on such services, and partners such as those providing surveys or operating sweepstakes for or with us. We use this information to update, validate or supplement the information that you provide or that we collect automatically in order to, a) target our communications and advertising so that we can inform you of products, services and offers that may be of interest, and b) for internal research, analytics and improvement of our Services. If other users of the Services provide information about you, such as your name and mailing address, including to send a gift or to use our send-to-a-friend functionality, we collect that information from such users. *Please note: certain information such as precise location, health data, union membership, race or ethnicity information is considered “sensitive” under certain laws. For certain jurisdictions, we do not process data that is considered sensitive. For others, if we process information that is deemed sensitive under applicable law, we do so as permitted by and in accordance with applicable legal requirements. Information we collect for our editorial activities: We may collect information for or in relation to our editorial content and activities, including for the purposes of journalism, and literary and artistic purposes (collectively, “Editorial Activities”). 3.How We Use the Information We Collect Depending on the Services you use and how you use them, we, or Our service providers, may use your information to: Provide the Services you request, including to maintain and service your account, by:Processing and fulfilling your transactionsMaintaining and servicing your accountSending communications that you have requestedAdministering your entries into sweepstakes, contests, promotions, or surveysProviding community features and post your contentCommunicate with You & Provide Customer Service to Provide the Services, including through:Transactional or service communications, such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or sweepstakes or other promotions, when we make changes to subscriber agreements, to send you an email newsletter, process refund requests, or to contact you about your account Responses to your requests for informationCustomer service and technical supportPersonalize your experience to Provide the Services, by:Customizing certain features of the ServicesDelivering relevant content and to provide you with an enhanced experience based on your activities and interestsSending you personalized newsletters, surveys, and information about products, services and promotions offered by us, our partners, and other organizations with which we work Customizing the advertising on the Services based on your activities and interestsCreating and updating inferences about you and audience segments that can be used for targeted advertising and marketing on the Services, third party services and platforms, and mobile appsConducting cross-device tracking by using information such as IP addresses and unique mobile device identifiers to identify the same unique users across multiple browsers or devices (such as smartphones or tablets), in order to save your preferences across devices and analyze usage of the Service Use inferences about your preferences and interests for any and all of the above purposesRepublish Information You Provide on the Services, by:Pursuant to our Terms of Use , using and editing information submitted by you in response to opportunities provided on the Services, which you provide to us through emails, blogs, forums, in response to polls, or through any other user generated submission, for editorial purposes, including your name, likeness, photograph, and biographical information you provide, with or without attribution, including publication in the Publications, and in trade media, and advertising Improve the Services and develop new services, by:Engaging in analysis, research, and reports to better understand how you use the Services, so we can improve them and develop new servicesOur Marketing and Third-Party Marketing and Advertising Purposes, by:Sending you newsletters, promotional emails, surveys and information about products, services and promotions offered by us, our partners, and other organizations with which we workCustomizing content and advertising that we or our third-party partners deliver on the Services (e.g., targeted third-party advertising) Creating and updating inferences about you and audience segments that can be used for targeted advertising and marketing on the Services, third party services and platforms, and mobile appsWe may combine the information we collect about you, including from third parties, and conduct cross-device tracking for the marketing and advertising purposes aboveBug detection and error reporting, including to understand and resolve technical issues, app crashes and other issues being reported Audit consumer interactions on the Services including to measure the placement, frequency, efficacy and compliance of advertising and ad impressions Security, Fraud, and Legal Compliance, including by detecting, protecting against, and prosecuting security incidents, fraud, and illegal activity including to: Monitor, prevent, and detect fraud, such as through verifying your identityCombat spam or other malware or security risksMonitor, enforce, and improve the security of our ServicesComply with any applicable procedures, laws, and regulations, subpoenas, governmental requests or legal process, or in connection with a legal investigation, if in our good faith opinion such is required or permitted by lawEstablish, exercise, or defend our legal rights (e.g., to enforce compliance with our Terms of Use, Privacy Policies, or other contracts or legal rights) Protect or defend our Services, users, or othersAggregate and/or De-Identified Information. We may aggregate or anonymize information and/or de-identify any information collected through the Services so that such information can no longer reasonably be linked to you or your device (such information, “Aggregate/De-Identified Information”). We may use and disclose this Aggregate/De-Identified Information for any purpose permitted under the law. For our Editorial Activities.California and Colorado residents can find additional information about how we process categories of information in “California Privacy Notice” below. 4. How We Share the Information Collected PMC may disclose information collected from and about you on the Services to other companies or individuals as set forth below: Service Providers. We may provide access to information to vendors that perform services on our behalf, including subscription and order fulfillment, event and travel coordination, managing our email lists and sending email messages on our behalf, processing payments, providing customer support, providing analytics, and performing other administrative services, in order to carry out such services. For example, we use Shopify to power the Rolling Stone Store located at shop.rollingstone.com , the Billboard Store located at shop.billboard.com and the WWD Store located at store.wwd.com . You can read more about how Shopify uses your information here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy Our Affiliates. We may disclose information we collect within the PMC family of companies to deliver products and services to you, ensure a consistent level of service across our Services, internal management and administrative purposes on our behalf and enhance our products, services, and your customer experience. Information You Disclose Publicly. You may submit photographs, user profiles, written material, music, video, photos, comments and other content, which may include information relating to your and/or other individual users (collectively, “UGC” ) on the Services. We do not control who will have access to the UGC you choose to make public or how they will use it and take no responsibility for ensuring such UGC remains private or is secure. We are also not responsible for the accuracy, use or misuse of any UGC that you disclose or receive through the Services. Please see our Terms of Use for further information about the terms that govern the UGC you post. Other Individuals, Services, and Partners at Your Request. We will disclose your information to other individuals and services at your request. Third Party Contests and Promotions Providers. If you enter a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by a third party, the information you provide via the contest or sweepstakes may be disclosed to that third party for their use subject to their own policies. Third Party Partners to Provide Co-Branded Products and Services. From time to time, we partner with a retailer or other third party to offer products, services, subscriptions, events and summits, and other applications on a co-branded or cross-promotional basis (“Co-Branded Areas”), such as ChartStars in connection with Billboard. The information you provide in connection with Co-Branded Areas may be collected directly by, or disclosed by PMC to, the third party, as well as with any participating sponsors or advertisers of such Co-Branded Areas. These third parties will use your information in accordance with their own privacy policy. For Marketing Purposes. We may disclose your information to third parties whose offerings may interest you such as other marketers, magazine publishers, retailers, participatory databases, event sponsors and non-profit organizations. This includes licensing information about your interests and activities, and marketing segments created with such data, which we may disclose to third parties for their marketing purposes. Third-Party Online Advertisers, Ad Networks and Advertising Partners. As discussed in the “ Online Analytics and Advertising ” Section below, the Services may integrate third-party advertising technologies that allow for the delivery of relevant content and advertising on the Services, as well as on other websites you visit and other applications you use. These technologies will collect certain information from your use of the Services to assist in delivering such ads and marketing messages and enhancing our information. These third parties include advertising networks, data exchanges, ad servers, certain analytics providers and others. The list of third party providers is found in the Section below entitled “ Third Party Cookies ”. Except for the choices provided by PMC herein, this Privacy Policy does not govern the use of cookies or other tracking by such third parties. In addition, we sometimes provide certain information (such as email addresses) to service providers, who may “match” this information in hashed form to cookies (or mobile ad identifiers) and other proprietary IDs, in order to provide you with more relevant ads when you visit other websites and mobile applications. For Legal Purposes.By using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that we may access, retain, and disclose the information we collect and maintain about you if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, retention or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms of Service, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; and/or (d) protect the rights, property or personal safety of PMC, its agents and affiliates, its users and/or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection, and spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes. Social Networks. As noted above, if you use your login credentials from a social media networking service on a Publication, we may receive information from such service in accordance with its terms and privacy policy and your settings. If you elect to share your information with these social networking sites, we will disclose information to them in accordance with your election. The terms and conditions of these social networking sites will apply to the information we disclose to them. Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets. In connection with a sale, merger, transfer, exchange, or other disposition (whether of assets, stock, or otherwise, including via bankruptcy) of all or a portion of the business conducted by the Publication to which this policy applies, in which case the company will possess the information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your information as described in this Privacy Policy (the “Acquisition Use” ). As part of our Editorial Activities. 5. Legal Grounds for Using (Processing) Your Information Under the law of certain jurisdictions, such as the European Union, the UK, and Brazil, our legal basis for collecting and using the information described above will depend on the information concerned and the context in which we collect it. We collect information from you: Where we need it to perform our contract with you (i.e. our Terms of Service) in order to provide the Services you request;Where the processing is in our legitimate interests (provided that these aren’t overridden by your interests or rights) to secure our Services, prevent misuse, and fraud, and resolve technical issues; respond to your requests for information and provide you with more effective and efficient customer service; contact you regarding the Services, as well as surveys, promotions, special events, and other subjects that we think may be of interest to you (in accordance with applicable legal requirements); better understand your interests and improve our Services; personalize the Services; conduct internal business operations in support of our Services, such as auditing, sales and marketing, analytics, and research and development; and establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights; Where we have obtained your consent to send you marketing and other commercial communications and use non-strictly necessary cookies where local law requires such consent for such marketing and cookies (please note these requirements vary by jurisdiction and not all jurisdictions require consent for such uses) or use your information as set forth in a release or in connection with a consent;To comply with our legal obligations; orTo protect the vital interests of a person, such as their life or physical or mental well being. For our Editorial Activities, including, on the basis of consent, legitimate interest and/or to exercise the rights of freedom of expression and information. We may also collect and use personal information in connection with your consent in other circumstances, which will be presented to you at the time of collection. You can revoke your consent at any time, though you might not be able to use a service or feature that requires collection or use of that personal information. 6. Your Rights & Your Choices A. Marketing Choices Email. If you want to stop receiving promotional e-mails from us (which we send pursuant to applicable law), click on the “unsubscribe” link in any promotional email from us. Please note that once we receive your request, it may take an additional period of time for your opt-out to become effective. We may still send you transactional communications such as receipts or updates to this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Service. SMS Text Communications. You may opt-out of SMS messages from us (which we send pursuant to applicable law) by following the instructions provided in the message or by texting back STOP to the number we send the text from for that particular SMS message. When we receive an opt-out message from you for SMS messages, we may send a message confirming our receipt of your opt-out. B.Cookies You may have the ability to accept or decline (or opt out of) certain cookies for analytics & targeted advertising on our Services depending on your jurisdiction. Some analytics providers we partner with may provide specific opt-out mechanisms. For example, to prevent Google Analytics from using your information for analytics, please see the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on . You may choose whether to receive some forms of targeted advertising from many ad networks, audience segment providers, ad serving vendors, and other service providers by visiting websites operated by the Network Advertising Initiative and Digital Advertising Alliance or if you are a user in the European Economic Area, Your Online Choices . Many mobile devices allow you to opt-out of targeted advertising for mobile apps using the settings within the mobile app or your mobile device. For more information, please check your mobile settings. You can also manage your preferences regarding our cookie-based advertising, in the “Cookie Management” section in our Cookie Notice below. Please note that if you exercise the opt out choices above, you will still see advertising when you use the Services, but it will not be tailored to you based on your online behavior over time. C. Privacy Rights Laws in certain jurisdictions grant consumers the right to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of your information. If you are a California, Colorado, Connecticut, or Virginia resident, or a resident of the EEA, UK, Canada, or Switzerland, you may request: Access to and/or a copy of certain personal information we hold about you or to have certain information you gave us transferred to another entity.Correction of inaccurate personal information we hold about you.Deletion of certain personal information we have about you.Information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any.Restriction of or objection to certain processing of your information, Withdrawal of your consent to our use of your information for certain processing purposes, where the processing purpose was based on your consent. To opt out of the processing of your personal information for purposes of profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, if applicable. Residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia also have sale/targeted advertising opt out rights described below. Applicable law may further provide you with the right to not be discriminated against for exercising your rights. If you have any concerns or complaints about our data processing activities, we urge you to first try to resolve such issues directly with us. However, if applicable, you may make a complaint to the data protection supervisory authority in your country about our processing of your personal data. California residents can also: Request information about the categories of personal information we collect, disclose or sell or share about you; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling or sharing your personal information; and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose personal information. Such information is also set forth in this Privacy Policy. Limit processing of sensitive personal information as described in the California Privacy Notice below by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices link in the site footer and following the directions. For additional information and rights for California residents, please see Appendix A: California Privacy Notice below. Residents of certain other countries may be able request one or more of the above under applicable law. Your rights and our responses will vary based on your state or country of residency. You may be located in a jurisdiction where we are not obligated, or are unable, to fulfill a request. In such a case, your request may not be fulfilled. Please note that certain rights and information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. For example, we need certain information for legal compliance or in order to provide the Services to you. In addition, where you may have these rights, the exercise of them is not absolute. Your rights may, for example, be outweighed by our rights and/or the rights of freedom of expression and information, including for the purposes of Editorial Activities. Verification: We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to a request, which may include, depending on your request and relationship with you verifying your name, email address, address, and/or having you respond to an email from us. California residents are also permitted to designate an authorized agent to submit certain requests on your behalf. In order for an authorized agent to be verified, we may require proof of your written authorization before processing the request.We may also follow up with you to verify your identity before processing the authorized agent’s request. If you would like further information regarding your legal rights or would like to exercise any of them For California residents, please click here or call 1 (877) 365-3500 For Colorado residents, please click here .For Connecticut residents, please click here .For Virginia residents, please click here . Virginia residents may also appeal the denial of a through such form. For EU, UK, Canadian, or other residents outside the United States, please click here . Please note that we do not use your information to make decisions that produce legal or similar effects based solely on the automated processing of your information. D. Sale/Targeted Advertising Opt Out Rights (California, Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada, & Virginia Residents) If you are a California, Colorado, Connecticut, or Virginia resident, you also have the right to opt out of our sale of personal information or processing or sharing of your information for online targeted advertising purposes. California, Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia residents may opt out of the “sale” of their personal information or processing or sharing of your information for online targeted advertising purposes. We sell or share certain of your information to third parties that may directly provide you with offers and promotions and opportunities that may be of interest to you. We also allow third parties to receive certain information, such as cookies, IP address, and/or browsing behavior and information about your potential interests or characteristics, to deliver targeted advertising to you on the Services or other services. This activity may also be considered a sale under applicable law. Advertising, including targeted advertising, enables us to provide you certain content for free and allows us to provide you offers relevant to you. Depending on what Services you use, we may sell the following personal information or share or process it for targeted advertising: Contact information; device information and identifier; connection and usage data; demographic and statistical information, including age, date of birth, gender, income and other personal finance information, religion, union or guild membership, and race or ethnicity; interest information including, health and wellness information, lifestyle information, hobbies, product ownership, purchase history or intentions; user-generated content; geolocation; and social media information. If you would like to opt out of PMC’s sale, sharing or use of your information for such purposes, you may do so as follows: For California, Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia Residents: for cookie, device and browsing data: click on Your Privacy Choices in the footer of your browser for each brand, site, or service and each browser or device where you want your choices to apply. For your contact information and associated information: California residents can submit an opt out form here Colorado residents can submit an opt out form here . Connecticut residents can submit an opt out form here .Virginia residents can submit an opt out form here California, Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia residents can call us at (877) 365-3500 . Please note that we do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without legally-required affirmative authorization. Even if you opt out, you will still see advertising, it just may be less relevant to you, or it may be personalized for you based only on the data that PMC has collected about you. You must opt out on each device and each browser and for each brand where you want your choice to apply. Your preference may be lost if you clear, or your browser is set to clear, cookies. If you have enabled a legally recognized browser-based opt out preference signal (such as Global Privacy Control) on your browser, we recognize such preference in accordance and to the extent required by applicable law. You will need to turn this on for each browser you use. Nevada Residents: Under Nevada law, Nevada residents who have purchased goods or services from us may opt out of the “sale” of “covered information” (as such terms are defined under Nevada law). If you are a Nevada resident, you may submit a request to opt out of such activity by filling out the form located here . Please note we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of the request. E. Subscriber Preferences Subscribers to our Publications may change their subscription-related mail and email preferences at any time as follows by emailing or calling at the contact information provided for the publication: Art in America: Send an email to inacustserv@cdsfulfillment.com to update your communication preferences. You can also call us at 1-800-925-8059 (US & Canada), 001-515-243-3273 (International).Art News: Log into artnews.com/customerservice or email us at ARNcustserv@cdsfulfillment.com to update your communication preferences. You can also call us at 1-800-284-4625 (US & Canada), 001-515-248-7680 (International). Billboard Magazine: Log into customer service at this link to update your subscription information (address, email, etc.). Or email Customer Service at subscriptions@billboard.com or via telephone at 1-800-684-1873 or 1-845-267-3072 (outside the US). To update your customer preferences for our newsletters, please visit www.billboard.com/newsletter/preferences FN: Log into Customer Care at footwearnews.com/customerservice and update your mailing preferences on the “Change My Mailing Preferences” page, or call us at 1-866-963-7335 or 1-515-237-3650 Robb Report: Log into Subscriber Services at robbreport.com/RRcustomerservice , click on “Manage your Privacy Settings” and update your mailing preferences; you can also email us at robbreport@emailcustomerservice.com , or if you prefer – call us at 1-800-967-7472 Rolling Stone: Log into rollingstone.com/customerservice and go to the E-mail Customer Service link to update your communication preferences, or call us at 1-800-283-1549 . You can also e-mail Customer Service at rollingstone@customersvc.com The Hollywood Reporter: Log into customer service at this link to update your subscription information (address, email, etc.). and customer preferences. Or email Customer Service at subscriptions@thr.com or 1-866-525-2150 or 1-845-267-4192 (outside the US). To update your customer preferences for our newsletters, please visit link.hollywoodreporter.com/join/38o/thr-signup Variety: Send an email to variety@pubservice.com to update your communication preferences, or call us at 1-800-552-3632 or for International callers – 001-818-487-4561 . Log into variety.com/customerservice for all other issues. Variety VIP: Send an email to customerservicevip@variety.com for assistance in updating your contact information or preferences, or call 1-888-222-0276 (US & Canada) or 001-332-219-2192 (International).WWD: Send an email to customerservice@wwd.com asking to have your name removed from the direct mail promotion list, or call us at 1-800-358-4244 or 1-212-230-0233 VIBE: To manage your Vibe newsletter preferences, please click here , or send an email to subscriptions@vibe.com NOTE: changing your subscription-related preferences does not change your non-subscription-related email preferences, including for email alerts and newsletters, special offers from our brands, and promotional emails from third parties, which are set via the preference center on each individual Publication listed here. Despite your indicated preferences, we may send you service related communications, including notices about your subscription, and we may continue disclosing your information to third parties as set forth under the Service Provider Use , the Legal Use and the Acquisition Use sections above. 7. Retention of Your Information We keep your information for the purposes for which it is processed. The length of time for which we retain information depends on the purposes for which we collected and use it and/or as required to comply with applicable laws. 8. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies We use and allow certain other companies to use certain tracking technologies, including cookies, web beacons, and other similar technologies (collectively, “Cookies”) on the Services. To see an explanation what these technologies are and why we use them, as well as your rights to control our use of them please see our cookie notice “Cookie Notice” ). We endeavor to adhere to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) self-regulatory principles governing interest-based advertising. 9. Links to Third Party Sites When you are on the Services, you may be directed to other websites that are operated and controlled by third parties that we do not control. We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any of these third parties. If you access a third-party website from the Services, you do so at your own risk, and you understand that this Privacy Policy does not apply to your use of such websites. 10. Security We implement appropriate administrative, technical and security safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access, use, or disclosure of the information we collect. However, no systems can be completely secure. Therefore, while PMC uses reasonable efforts to protect your information, PMC cannot guarantee its absolute security, and your use of the Services indicates your agreement to assume this risk. 11. Special Note For Parents The Services are for a general audience and are not designed or intended for use by children, especially those under age thirteen (13) or sixteen (16) in the EU. 12.Transfer Information to the United States The Services are operated in the United States of America (USA) and are intended for users located in the USA. If you are located outside of the USA, please note that the information you provide to us will be processed in the USA, where laws regarding processing of personal data may be less stringent than the laws in your country. Where applicable law requires certain mechanisms or safeguards prior to the transfer of data from another entity in another jurisdiction to the United States, we will implement such safeguards such as relying on approved standard contractual clauses and applying appropriate security measures relevant to the treatment of data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 13. Changes to This Privacy Policy We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy. 14. Disputes; No Rights of Third Parties If you choose to access the Services, subscribe to our Publications or use any of our Services, any dispute over privacy is subject to our T erms of Use , including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes by binding arbitration, and application of the laws of the United States, and the State of New York. This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties. 15. Contact Us: Data Privacy Officer If you have any questions or concerns about any aspect of this Privacy Policy, please contact our Data Privacy Officer at the address set forth below. Data Privacy Officer Penske Media Corporation 11175 Santa Monica Boulevard Los Angeles, CA 90025 Or PrivacyDirector@pmc.com In addition, pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), PMC has appointed European Data Protection Office (EDPO) as its GDPR Representative in the EU. You can contact EDPO regarding matters pertaining to the GDPR: by using EDPO’s online request form: https://edpo.com/gdpr-data-request/ ; or by writing to EDPO at Block 1, Blanchardstown Corporate Park, Ballycoolin Rd, Dublin D15 AKK1, Ireland. Appendix A: California Privacy Notice This Privacy Notice for California residents supplements the PMC Privacy Policy This Notice applies to website visitors, app users, event attendees and other customers in California. This Notice does not apply to employees, former employees, candidates or contractors of PMC. This supplemental privacy notice gives California residents additional information about our information collection and use practices required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). This notice provides information about the categories of personal information that we collect from California residents generally, the purposes for which we use the information, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose the information for business purposes.More detailed information is available in our Privacy Policy at How We Use Personal Information and How We Disclose Personal Information Information you provide to us or we collect from third parties: Categories of information collected Purposes of use (see “How We Use Personal Information” in our Privacy Policy for additional information) Categories of third parties to whom we disclose the information Registration, Subscription or Contact Information such as e-mail address, name, phone number, address, product, goods and services purchase information. Provide the ServicesCommunicate with You & Provide Customer ServicePersonalize Your ExperienceEditorial UseImprove the ServicesOur Marketing and Third-Party Marketing and Advertising PurposesBug detection and error reportingAuditing Consumer InteractionsSecurity, Fraud, and Legal ComplianceService ProvidersOur AffiliatesOther Individuals, Services, and Partners at Your RequestContests and Promotions Providers Partners to Provide Co-Branded Products and ServicesMarketersSocial Media NetworksEntities for Legal PurposesEntities For Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets Identification Information Such as driver’s license information for driving eligibility for certain events or passport information for travel Provide the ServicesCommunicate with You & Provide Customer ServiceSecurity, Fraud, and Legal ComplianceService ProvidersOur AffiliatesOther Individuals, Services, and Partners at Your RequestPartners to Provide Co-Branded Products and ServicesEntities for Legal PurposesEntities For Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets Customer service information such as questions and other messages you address to us directly through online forms, by email, over the phone, or by post; and summaries or voice recordings of your interactions with customer care Provide the ServicesCommunicate with You & Provide Customer ServiceBug detection and error reportingSecurity, Fraud, and Legal ComplianceImprove the ServicesService ProvidersOur AffiliatesEntities for Legal PurposesEntities For Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets Demographic, statistical and interest information such as your age, date of birth, gender, union membership, income information, race, ethnicity, religion, political views, sexual orientation, , interests, lifestyle information, health and wellness information, product purchases and intentions, and hobbies Provide the ServicesCommunicate with You & Provide Customer ServicePersonalize Your ExperienceImprove the ServicesOur Marketing and Third-Party Marketing and Advertising PurposesSecurity, Fraud, and Legal ComplianceService ProvidersOur AffiliatesOther Individuals, Services, and Partners at Your RequestContests and Promotions ProvidersPartners to Provide Co-Branded Products and ServicesMarketers Social Media NetworksEntities for Legal PurposesEntities For Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets Financial and transactional information such as billing information, purchase information, payment information and credit or debit card number, verification number, and expiration date, to process payments and information about your transactions and purchases with us Provide the ServicesCommunicate with You & Provide Customer ServiceSecurity, Fraud, and Legal ComplianceService ProvidersOur AffiliatesThird Parties for Legal PurposesThird Party For Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets Employment or Education Information when you register for events or for networking insights services Such as education history, employment experience, business contact information, union or guild membership Provide the ServicesCommunicate with You & Provide Customer ServicePersonalize Your ExperienceEditorial UseImprove the ServicesOur Marketing and Third-Party Marketing and Advertising PurposesService ProvidersOur AffiliatesOther Individuals, Services, and Partners at Your RequestContests and Promotions ProvidersPartners to Provide Co-Branded Products and ServicesMarketersEntities for Legal Purposes Entities For Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets User-generated content such as comments on articles, photos, videos, audio, any information you submit in public forums or message boards, reviews and feedback or testimonials you provide about our Services Provide the ServicesCommunicate with You & Provide Customer ServicePersonalize Your ExperienceEditorial UseImprove the ServicesOur Marketing and Third-Party Marketing and Advertising PurposesBug detection and error reportingSecurity, Fraud, and Legal ComplianceService ProvidersOur AffiliatesOther Individuals, Services, and Partners at Your RequestContests and Promotions ProvidersPartners to Provide Co-Branded Products and Services Social Media NetworksEntities for Legal PurposesEntities For Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets Research or survey information Collected if you choose to participate in a survey including the demographic and interest information listed above.Surveys may be embedded on our Services and your responses are associated with your other information including device identifiers or cookies and contact information (to the extent we have such information). Provide the ServicesCommunicate with You & Provide Customer ServicePersonalize Your ExperienceImprove the ServicesOur Marketing and Third-Party Marketing and Advertising PurposesService ProvidersOur AffiliatesOther Individuals, Services, and Partners at Your RequestContests and Promotions ProvidersPartners to Provide Co-Branded Products and ServicesMarketersEntities for Legal PurposesEntities For Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets Sweepstakes information (including personal identifiers and user generated content) collected if you participate in a sweepstakes or contents, including information needed for you to participate (such as contact information), and to fulfill your prize (which could include social security number for tax purposes) Provide the ServicesCommunicate with You & Provide Customer ServicePersonalize Your ExperienceImprove the ServicesOur Marketing and Third-Party Marketing and Advertising PurposesBug detection and error reportingAuditing Consumer InteractionsSecurity, Fraud, and Legal ComplianceService ProvidersOur AffiliatesOther Individuals, Services, and Partners at Your RequestContests and Promotions Providers Partners to Provide Co-Branded Products and ServicesAdvertisersEntities for Legal PurposesEntities For Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets Contact Information about others (including personal identifiers) such as name and mailing address to send a gift or use our send-to-a-friend functionality. If you use send-a-friend on our Services, your email address may be included in the communication sent to your friend.Provide the ServicesCommunicate with You & Provide Customer ServiceImprove the ServicesAuditing Consumer InteractionsSecurity, Fraud, and Legal ComplianceOur Marketing PurposesService ProvidersOur AffiliatesOther Individuals, Services, and Partners at Your RequestEntities for Legal PurposesEntities For Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets Social media information (which may include personal identifiers, photos, location, user generated content, demographic information) if you link your account or access the Services through a third-party connection or log-in, we may have access to any information you provide to that social network depending on your privacy settings such as your name, email address, friend list, photo, gender, location, and current city; and information you provide to us directly through our pages on social networking and blogging platforms (e.g., Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, WordPress, and Twitter) Provide the ServicesCommunicate with You & Provide Customer ServicePersonalize Your ExperienceEditorial UseImprove the ServicesOur Marketing and Third-Party Marketing and Advertising PurposesBug detection and error reportingAuditing Consumer InteractionsSecurity, Fraud, and Legal ComplianceService ProvidersOur AffiliatesOther Individuals, Services, and Partners at Your RequestSocial Media Networks Entities for Legal PurposesEntities For Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets Inference Data such as information about your potential preferences that we infer from your activities on the Services, and information you provide or inference information we receive from other parties Provide the ServicesCommunicate with You & Provide Customer ServicePersonalize Your ExperienceImprove the ServicesOur Marketing and Third-Party Marketing and Advertising PurposesService ProvidersOur AffiliatesOnline Advertisers, Ad Networks and Advertising PartnersEntities for Legal PurposesEntities For Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets Event Information (in addition to information listed above) related to health and safety Provide the ServicesCommunicate with You & Provide Customer ServiceSecurity, Fraud and Legal ComplianceService ProvidersOur AffiliatesEntities for Legal Purposes Other information any other information you choose to directly provide to PMC in connection with your use of the Services Provide the ServicesCommunicate with You & Provide Customer ServicePersonalize Your ExperienceEditorial UseImprove the ServicesOur Marketing and Third-Party Marketing and Advertising PurposesBug detection and error reportingAuditing Consumer InteractionsSecurity, Fraud, and Legal ComplianceService ProvidersOur AffiliatesOther Individuals, Services, and Partners at Your RequestSocial Media Networks Entities for Legal PurposesEntities For Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets Information we collect automatically from you and/or your device: Categories of information collected Purposes of use (see “How We Use Personal Information” in our Privacy Policy for additional information) Categories of third parties to whom we disclose the information Device information and identifiers such as IP address; time zones; browser type and language; operating system; platform type; device type; software and hardware attributes; and unique device, advertising, and app identifiers Provide the ServicesPersonalize Your ExperienceImprove the ServicesOur Marketing and Third-Party Marketing and Advertising PurposesBug detection and error reportingAuditing Consumer InteractionsSecurity, Fraud, and Legal ComplianceService ProvidersOur AffiliatesAdvertisers, Ad Networks and Advertising PartnersSocial Media NetworksEntities for Legal PurposesEntities For Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets Internet network and device activity data such as information about files you download, domain names, landing pages, browsing activity, content or ads viewed and clicked, dates and times of access, pages or products, goods and services viewed, forms you complete or partially complete, search terms, uploads or downloads, the URL that referred you to our Services, the web sites you visit after this web site; if you share our content to social media platforms; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers, whether you open an email and your interaction with email content, access times, error logs, and other similar information. See “ Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies ” for more information about how we collect and use this information.Provide the ServicesPersonalize Your ExperienceImprove the ServicesOur Marketing and Third-Party Marketing and Advertising PurposesBug detection and error reportingAuditing Consumer InteractionsSecurity, Fraud, and Legal ComplianceService ProvidersOur AffiliatesOnline Advertisers, Ad Networks and Advertising PartnersSocial Media NetworksEntities for Legal PurposesEntities For Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets Geolocation information such as city, state and ZIP code associated with your IP address or derived through Wi-Fi triangulation; time zones, and precise geolocation information from GPS-based functionality on your mobile devices, with your permission in accordance with your mobile device settings Provide the ServicesPersonalize Your ExperienceImprove the ServicesOur Marketing and Third-Party Marketing and Advertising PurposesBug detection and error reportingAuditing Consumer InteractionsSecurity, Fraud, and Legal ComplianceService ProvidersOur AffiliatesOnline Advertisers, Ad Networks and Advertising PartnersSocial Media NetworksEntities for Legal PurposesEntities For Sales or Transfer of Business or Assets Depending on what Services you use, we may sell or share for cross-context behavioral advertising the following categories of personal information to third parties for these purposes: Contact information; device information and identifier; connection and usage data; demographic and statistical information, including age, date of birth, gender, income and other personal finance information, religion, union or guild membership, and race or ethnicity; interest information including, health and wellness information, lifestyle information, hobbies, product ownership, purchase history or intentions;, user-generated content, contact information, geolocation, and social media information. If you would like to opt out of PMC’s use of your information for such purposes that are considered a “sale” or “share” under California law, you may do so as outlined on the following page: Your Privacy Choices . You can also submit a sale or share opt-out request for contact information by completing our webform or by calling us at (877) 365-3500 . Please note that we do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age without legally-required affirmative authorization. PMC employees who are seeking further information about their legal rights under California law should instead contact their PMC HR representative. Applicants submitting information on the PMC Careers pages at pmc.com/careers-listing should instead consult the Penske Media Corporation Human Resources Privacy Notice referenced therein. Right to Limit Sensitive Personal Information. The CCPA also allows you to limit the use or disclosure of your “sensitive personal information” (as defined in the CCPA) if your sensitive personal information is used for certain purposes. We may use certain sensitive personal information such as race, ethnicity, union or guild membership, health data, political or religious affiliation to enable marketing to you and the delivery of targeted advertising on the Services or other sites to you, such displaying an ad relevant to your precise location data. You can opt out of our processing of your sensitive personal information for advertising purposes here a]. You can also change your precise geolocation permissions for our mobile apps in your mobile device settings. If you opt out, we may still process sensitive personal information as permitted by California law such as to provide the services you request. Retention. We keep your information to fulfill the purposes described above, unless a longer retention is required or permitted by law. Our retention is based upon the amount, nature and sensitivity of the information, our purposes for which we process the information, applicable legal requirements, and our legitimate interests. The different purposes for which we process information may result in different retention periods for the same types of information. Financial Incentives The Services may offer opportunities to receive certain services or benefits such as discounts or free services, which may require the provision of personal information. Such opportunities could be considered a financial incentive under applicable law. When you participate in a financial incentive, you agree to the terms of that incentive, and may revoke your participation depending on the incentive (e.g., by opting out of emails or terminating a subscription). Metrics Regarding CCPA Rights Requests for January – December 2022 CPRA Request Type Total Received Completed (in whole or Part) Expired Due to No Response from User Denied* Mean Days to Substantively Respond CPRA Request to Access 16.32 CPRA Request to Delete 37 28 19.28 CPRA Request to Know 15.93 CPRA Do Not Sell Request 302 226 46 30** 3.97 *Not verifiable or was denied on other grounds.**Due to duplicative requests or no matching information. California Shine the Light The California “Shine the Light” law gives residents of California the right under certain circumstances to opt out of the sharing of certain categories of personal information (as defined in the Shine the Light law) with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you would like to opt out of such sharing, please use the sale opt out form noted above. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: PMC, 11175 Santa Monica Blvd., Los Angeles, CA 90025, Attn: Privacy Officer. In your request, please specify that you want a “PMC California Privacy Rights Notice.” Please allow at least 30 days for a response. Do Not Track Some web browsers offer users a “Do Not Track” privacy preference setting in the web browser. We do not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals. Learn more about Do Not Track . Please note that “Do Not Track” is a distinct privacy mechanism from the legally recognized browser-based opt out signals described above, which we honor in accordance with applicable law. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies (“Cookie Notice” Last Updated Date: December 30, 2022. What are Cookies? Cookies and other tracking technologies on the Services, including but not limited to web beacons/GIFs, pixels, and SDKs (together “Cookies” unless otherwise stated), are small files or technologies that are placed on tthat are placed on your computer or mobile device when you visit online site, service or app. They are used to recognize visitors across one or more browsing sessions and across one or more sites. Cookies help enable certain features (like remembering you so you do not have to re-log in), improve the Services, and deliver advertising. We use Cookies: To control the display of, target, and measure ads;To analyze usage of the Services;To deliver editorial content;To record requests for subscriptions;To implement our affiliate marketing program;To enhance information we have about you; andTo personalize information and marketing messages. Cookies can be set by the site or service you are visiting (“first-party Cookies”) or by a third party, such as analytics or advertising services (“third-party Cookies”). Third parties may collect and use information as we have described in this Notice and our Privacy Policy and pursuant to their own privacy policies. Types of Cookies Our Services use the following types of first and third-party Cookies. To make choices about Cookies, please follow the instructions below under the section Cookie Management Strictly Necessary Cookies. These cookies are strictly necessary to allow you to move around the Services and use their features, such as accessing your subscriptions. Without these Cookies, we cannot enable appropriate content based on the type of device you are using. Therefore, these Cookies cannot be disabled. Functional Cookies. These Cookies allow us to remember choices you make on our websites (such as your preferred language or the region you are in). If you disable functional Cookies, you may not be able to use some of our features or those features may not function properly. Embedded Scripts. An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Services, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your computer or other device, is active only while you are connected to the Services, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter. Analytics Cookies. We use Cookies to see how you use our Services in order to enhance their performance and develop them according to the preferences of our customers and visitors. For example, Cookies may be used to maintain a consistent look and feel across our Services, track and provide trend analysis on how our users interact with our Services, track errors, to try to locate the same unique users across multiple browsers or devices (such as smartphones or tablets), or work with service providers that do this, in order to save your preferences across devices and analyze usage of the Services, and to measure the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns. Third-Party Cookies. Some of our third party partners (including advertisers and marketing services companies) may set and access Cookies on your computer as well, or we may do so on their behalf. To see a list of our third party partners, please click here. We do not have control over how these third parties use such Cookies or the information derived therefrom, and other than the choices offered by PMC, this Privacy Policy does not cover any use of information that such third parties may have collected from you or the methods used by the third-parties to collect that information. These types of Cookies include: Advertising Cookies.These Cookies collect data about your browsing habits, including opening emails, as well as your preferences for products and services. This information allows PMC to improve the Services and serve you relevant advertisements on our Services. Certain third party partners may also combine the information they collect and/or hashed email addresses in order to identify your email address or other information about you and share that information with us. Some advertisements may also contain an icon that you may click on to find out more about how to manage your advertising preferences. Third-Party Functional Cookies. These Cookies are defined by third parties who support our Services and allow you to use useful services and features. Web Beacons. Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as “clear GIFs” or “pixel tags”) or similar technologies may be included in our web pages and messages. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the Services, to monitor how users navigate the Services, to count how many e-mails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular articles or links were actually viewed. A clear gif may enable us to relate your viewing or receipt of a web page or message to other information about you, including your Personally Identifiable Information. To refuse Web Beacons, please follow the instructions below under the section Cookie Management. HTML. HTML, the language some websites are coded in, may be used to store information on your computer or device about your interaction with and use of the Services. This information may be retrieved by us to help us manage our Services, such as by giving us information about how our Services are being used by our visitors, how they can be improved, and to customize them for our users. Cookie Management. You can use the methods described below to manage certain Cookies. You must take such steps on each browser or device that you use. If you change or upgrade your browser or device, or delete your Cookies, you may need to use these opt-out tools again. Some Cookie-management solutions also rely on Cookies, so please adjust your browser Cookie settings carefully. We do not maintain or control the third-party or browser or device level opt-out mechanisms and settings below and are not responsible for their operation. Depending on where you live, you may be able to either 1) adjust your Cookie preferences at any time via a “Manage Cookies” option by clicking on the small green cookie-shaped icon on the lower left corner of our website footer (when you roll over the icon, the text “Manage Preferences“ will appear) or 2) opt out of targeted advertising by clicking the Your Privacy Choices link in your footer.Analytics: To disable certain analytics Cookies, you can use the browser controls discussed above or, for some of our providers, you can use their individual opt-out mechanisms, such as the Google Analytics Opt-Out , Chartbeat at https://static.chartbeat.com/opt-out.html , and Comscore at https://www.scorecardresearch.com/optout.aspx?newlanguage=1 Interest-Based Advertising: Most third-party advertisers offer a way to opt out of their interest-based advertising. In addition to the steps described above, you may opt-out of certain targeted advertising from participating entities by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative and Digital Advertising Alliance in the US, Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance and/or Australian Digital Advertising Alliance Using Browser Settings. You can disable and/or delete most types of Cookies by using your browser settings. Please note that if you use your browser settings to block all Cookies you may not be able to access parts of our or others’ Services. The following links provide information on how to modify the Cookies settings on some popular browsers:Apple SafariGoogle ChromeMicrosoft Internet ExplorerMozilla FirefoxMobile Settings: Your mobile device may also include settings that allow you to manage the use of Cookies, such as Limit Ad Tracking or Tracking settings in iOS and Opt out of Ads Personalization in Android. If you have questions about the use of Cookies on our Services, please Contact Us as described in the Contact Us section of our Privacy Policy. Consequences of Deactivation of Cookies: If you disable or remove Cookies, some parts of the Services may not function properly. Information may still be collected and used for other purposes, such as internal operations and to remember your opt-out preferences. se cookies, you can go to www.networkadvertising.org .If you would like to learn more about how interest-based information is collected, whether the companies we use are part of an industry network regarding behavioral advertising and to know your choices about not having information used in this manner, you can go to www.aboutads.info . The collection of information via certain ads served to users in Canada may be managed by visiting youradchoices.ca . Please note that the-opt out is cookie-based and will only affect the specific computer and browser on which the opt-out is applied. Using Browser Settings. You can disable and/or delete most types of cookies by using your browser settings. Please note that if you use your browser settings to block all cookies you may not be able to access parts of our or others’ Services. The following links provide information on how to modify the cookies settings on some popular browsers:Apple SafariGoogle ChromeMicrosoft Internet ExplorerMozilla FirefoxMobile Settings: Your mobile device may also include settings that allow you to manage the use of Cookies, such as Limit Ad Tracking or Tracking settings in iOS and Opt out of Ads Personalization in Android. If you have questions about the use of Cookies on our Services, please contact us as described in the Contact Us section of our Privacy Policy. Consequences of Deactivation of Cookies: If you disable or remove Cookies, some parts of the Services may not function properly. Information may still be collected and used for other purposes, such as internal operations and to remember your opt-out preferences. List of third party partners as of December, 2022 To see a list of our third party partners as of the date noted above, please see below. This list may be updated from time to time. Ad Servers: AdButlerAtlas Celtra Clipcentric DCM Flashtalking Jet Pack LiveIntent Sizmek Spotible Teads Tracking Vendors: Adjuster Adobe Audience Manager DMP Adrizer Apester Audigent Blockthrough BluekaiBombora CerosCivicScience Collective UK Conversant Dioh Double Verify Flluct GetEmails Google Analytics Ideon Innovid Integral Ad Science Keywee Lotame LucidMarketing Evolution Millward Brown Digital Moat Neustar Nielsen Ogury Optimera Optimizely Oracle Permutive Piwik Placed Refinition Research Now Salesforce DMP / Krux Samba TV Sizmek/Peer39 Skimlinks SpotX StanzaTreasure Data Visual IQ White Ops Other: 360 Media AdLightning Admiral Adslot ALC Pixels/Digital Amazon – RoundForest Amazon A9 Amazon Associates VigLinks Anyclip AppAudience/Appmonet bRealtime Bringhub Chicory Comscore Confiant Consumable.IO Criteo Disqus DistrictM EMX Facebook Google DFP/AdX Gotchosen GumGum HotjarID5 Index Exchange Infolinks inmobi Instinctive Inuvo Iponweb Jivox JustPremium JW Player Kargo Kixer LightLife Litmus LIveRamp Magnetic Magnite (formerly Rubicon) Media.Net Microsoft Mobkoi Nativo NewsCred Nobid OpenX Oriel Outbrain Parsec Pinterest PlaybuzzPluto.TV PolarPrimis Pubmatic Pulsepoint Rhombus Roundel Sharethrough Smart Adserver Smaato Sparkspot Socius Sonobi Sovrn Spot.IM Swoop Taboola Teads Telaria The Trade Desk Triplelift Twitter Undertone Unruly Vemba Venatus Verizon Media Group Vibrant Video Elephant VividSeats Vox Media Xandr (formerly AppNexus) Yahoo Yieldbot Yieldmo Youtube Zergnet Copyright © 2023 Penske Media Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress VIP Search results Show filters No results found Filter options Search powered by Jetpack Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label