Podnapisi.NET Quick links FAQ Login Register Home Board index Frequently Asked Questions User Levels and Groups What are Administrators? What are Moderators? What are usergroups? Where are the usergroups and how do I join one? How do I become a usergroup leader? Why do some usergroups appear in a different colour? What is a “Default usergroup”? What is “The team” link? Private Messaging I cannot send private messages! I keep getting unwanted private messages! I have received a spamming or abusive email from someone on this board! Friends and Foes What are my Friends and Foes lists? How can I add / remove users to my Friends or Foes list? Searching the Forums How can I search a forum or forums? Why does my search return no results? Why does my search return a blank page!? How do I search for members? How can I find my own posts and topics? Subscriptions and Bookmarks What is the difference between bookmarking and subscribing? How do I bookmark or subscribe to specific topics? How do I subscribe to specific forums? How do I remove my subscriptions? Attachments What attachments are allowed on this board? How do I find all my attachments? phpBB Issues Who wrote this bulletin board? Why isn’t X feature available? Who do I contact about abusive and/or legal matters related to this board? How do I contact a board administrator? Login and Registration Issues Why do I need to register? Top What is COPPA? Top Why can’t I register? Top I registered but cannot login! Top Why can’t I login? Top I registered in the past but cannot login any more?! Top I’ve lost my password! I forgot my password Top Why do I get logged off automatically? Remember me Remember me Top What does the “Delete cookies” do? Top User Preferences and settings How do I change my settings? Top How do I prevent my username appearing in the online user listings? Hide your online status Top The times are not correct! Top I changed the timezone and the time is still wrong! Top My language is not in the list! phpBB Top What are the images next to my username? Top How do I display an avatar? Top What is my rank and how do I change it? Top When I click the email link for a user it asks me to login? Top Posting Issues How do I create a new topic or post a reply? Top How do I edit or delete a post? Top How do I add a signature to my post? Attach a signature Top How do I create a poll? Top Why can’t I add more poll options? Top How do I edit or delete a poll? Top Why can’t I access a forum? Top Why can’t I add attachments? Top Why did I receive a warning? Top How can I report posts to a moderator? Top What is the “Save” button for in topic posting? Top Why does my post need to be approved? Top How do I bump my topic? Top Formatting and Topic Types What is BBCode? Top Can I use HTML? Top What are Smilies? Top Can I post images? Top What are global announcements? Top What are announcements? Top What are sticky topics? Top What are locked topics? Top What are topic icons? Top User Levels and Groups What are Administrators? Top What are Moderators? Top What are usergroups? Top Where are the usergroups and how do I join one? Top How do I become a usergroup leader? Top Why do some usergroups appear in a different colour? Top What is a “Default usergroup”? Top What is “The team” link? Top Private Messaging I cannot send private messages! Top I keep getting unwanted private messages! Top I have received a spamming or abusive email from someone on this board! Top Friends and Foes What are my Friends and Foes lists? Top How can I add / remove users to my Friends or Foes list? Top Searching the Forums How can I search a forum or forums? Top Why does my search return no results? Top Why does my search return a blank page!? Top How do I search for members? Top How can I find my own posts and topics? Top Subscriptions and Bookmarks What is the difference between bookmarking and subscribing? Top How do I bookmark or subscribe to specific topics? Top How do I subscribe to specific forums? Top How do I remove my subscriptions? Top Attachments What attachments are allowed on this board? Top How do I find all my attachments? Top phpBB Issues Who wrote this bulletin board? phpBB Limited About phpBB Top Why isn’t X feature available? phpBB Ideas Centre Top Who do I contact about abusive and/or legal matters related to this board? whois lookup absolutely no jurisdiction not directly related about any third party Top How do I contact a board administrator?Top Jump to Community Applications Home Board index All times are UTC+02:00 Delete cookies Contact us Powered by phpBB ® Forum Software © phpBB Limited Privacy | Terms