PODTRAC PRODUCT PRIVACY STATEMENT Update: June 2020 Introduction Podtrac, Inc. (“Podtrac”) provides podcast measurement and analytics services (“Audience Measurement Service” or “Service”), via its website Podtrac.com (“Website” or “Site”) and other means to its business customers (any, a “Customer”). Please review the Podtrac Terms of Service Agreemen which governs the use of the Audience Measurement Service and other Podtrac services. This Product Privacy Statement (“Privacy Statement”) explains how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information on our Customers’ behalf in connection with the Audience Measurement Service. As a service provider/data processor, as such terms are defined in “Data Protection Laws” (e.g., GDPR and CCPA), Podtrac provides the Audience Measurement Service to Customers. Podtrac’s Customers are the data owners/data controllers with respect to personal information processed through the Services. This Privacy Statement does not apply to any websites or other online services that do not link to this Privacy Statement. To the extent Podtrac shares information with the Customer as this Privacy Statement describes, this Privacy Statement does not apply to the Customer’s subsequent use of that information. Podtrac’s processing of personal information in connection with the Services is governed by this Privacy Statement and the Podtrac Terms of Service Agreement (“TOS”). In the event of any conflict between this Privacy Statement and the TOS, the TOS will control to the extent permitted by applicable law. This Privacy Statement is not a substitute for any privacy notice that the relevant Customer may be required to provide to its listeners, authorized users or other individuals. Personal Information We Collect Information collected via the Services . The Customer is responsible for determining the scope of information that Podtrac may collect. The Service processes information through individual submissions and automatic data collection tools. Such information may include personal information under applicable laws (including, without limitation; Internet Protocol (IP) address). Information collected about authorized users . We collect information about the Customer’s “authorized users” — the individuals (typically personnel) that Customer authorizes to create an account access to view the dashboards, reports and other items produced by the Services. The information we collect about authorized users includes: Information provided to us by the Customer about its authorized users This may include business contact information, such as name, email address, and phone number.Information provided to us by authorized users. This may include personal information that end users provide when they register for an account or create a user profile (such as name, mailing address, email address, telephone number), contact customer support, or otherwise correspond with us by phone, email, or other means. Information about authorized users’ use of the Services. This may include information about authorized users’ use of the Services, including computer or mobile device operating system type and version number, manufacturer and model, device identifier, browser type, screen resolution, IP address, general location information such as city, state or geographic area; and information about authorized users’ use of and actions on the Services, such as pages you viewed, how much time was spent on a page, navigation paths between pages, information about activity on a page, access times, and length of access. This information is collected using cookies and similar technologies. Information Not Covered by this Product Privacy Statement In addition to the above listed personal information collected via the Services, the Services collects the following non-personal information: timestamp, requested URL, referring URL, user agent, and other non-personally identifiable information as may be provided in HTTP headers. Measurement Data and Results (as defined in the Podtrac Terms of Service Agreement (“TOS”) ) collected and produced by the Service is not personal information and as such is not governed by this Product Privacy Policy. How We Use Information We use the information we collect at the instruction of the relevant Customer and in accordance with the TOS, to provide the Services and for related internal purposes, such as: To maintain the Services;To provide information about the Services, such as important updates or changes to the Services;To measure performance of and improve the Services and develop new products and services;To create anonymous, aggregated or de-identified data that Podtrac may then use to analyze patterns to enhance Podtrac products and services and develop new ones; andTo respond to inquiries, complaints and requests for Customer support.We may also use information as we believe necessary or appropriate to (a) comply with applicable law; (b) enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Services; (c) protect our rights, privacy, safety or property and/or that of you or others; and (d) protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity. How We Share Information We share the information we collect: With such third parties as the relevant Customer may direct;With third-party service providers that help us manage and improve the Services; andWith Podtrac subsidiaries and corporate affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement or in the TOS. We may also share information with government, law enforcement officials or private parties as required by law, when we believe such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to (a) comply with applicable law; (b) enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Services; (c) protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of you or others; and (d) protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity. We may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of Podtrac business or assets, including information that we process as part of the Services, in connection with a business transaction (or potential business transaction) such as a merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. Information Security Podtrac uses commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards designed to protect information from loss, theft, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, in accordance with applicable law. We cannot, however, guarantee that any safeguards or security measures will be sufficient to prevent a security problem. We recommend that Customer take steps to protect against unauthorized access to any devices or networks used to access the Services. Data Subject Rights The relevant Customer is the data owner/data controller of end users or others’ personal information (i.e. unshared IP address) processed through the Services. As the data owner/data controller, the relevant Customer is responsible for receiving and responding to end users and others’ requests to exercise any rights afforded to them under applicable data protection law. To the extent possible, Podtrac will assist its Customers in responding to such requests. In order to respond to any specific request, Customer would need to provide Podtrac with a specific unshared IP address. Specific requests should be directed to Privacy@Podtrac.com . Cross Border Data Transfer Podtrac may transfer information collected through the Services outside of the country from which it originated, including to the United States. Data Retention Podtrac may retain information for as long as necessary to (a) provide the Services; (b) comply with legal obligations; (c) resolve disputes; and (d) enforce the terms of its TOS.. Third Party Products and Services The Services may integrate with or enable access to third party tools. End users that register, install or access any third party tools may be required to accept privacy notices provided by those third parties. Please review those notices carefully, as Podtrac does not control and cannot be responsible for these providers’ privacy or information security practices. For Podtrac users who use Podtrac to access YouTube services, Google’s Privacy Policy applies to data accessed through this service. Podtrac collects channel information such as title, and video information including title, publication date, and daily views. If you no longer wish to grant Podtrac access please visit https://security.google.com/settings/security/permissions . Changes to this Privacy Statement Podtrac reserves the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time. Similar to Podtrac’s Services, laws, regulations and industry standards may evolve which may make changes to this Privacy Statement appropriate. Podtrac will post the changes to this page. Podtrac encourages you to review the Privacy Statement to stay informed. In accordance with applicable law, Podtrac will notify you of any material changes in its collection, use, or disclose of your information by posting a notice on its website. Any material changes to this Privacy Statement will be effective thirty (30) calendar days following notice of the changes on the website. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of the Services. If you object to any such changes, you must notify Podtrac prior to the effective date of such changes that you wish to deactivate your account. Continued use of the Services following the effective date of such changes indicates your agreeing to such changes.Contact Us If you have any question about this Privacy Statement, you can contact our privacy team at privacy@podtrac.com. PUBLISHER SERVICES Register Login PODCAST ADVERTISING SERVICES © 2005-2023 Podtrac, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies to provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively.Podtrac.COM Privacy Policy Update: May 2020 At Podtrac we care about your privacy. Podtrac, Inc. (“Podtrac”) interacts with current and prospective clients and the general public via its website, Podtrac.com, and other consumer-facing and publicly available sites, products, services and platforms offered by Podtrac (collectively, “Offering(s)”). This Privacy Policy describes Podtrac’s privacy-related policies and practices as they relate to the collection and use of information gathered from users of Podtrac.com. See our Product Privacy Statemen t for information on privacy policies regarding the Podtrac Measurement Service. This privacy notice provides you with details of how we collect and process your personal data through your use of our site Podtrac.com. Our Offerings are not directed to children and children are not eligible to use our Offerings. We do not collect or maintain personal data from individuals who we know are under 13 years of age, and no part of our Offerings is designed to attract people under 13 years of age. If we later learn that a user is under 13 years of age, we will take steps to remove that user’s data from our databases and to prevent the user from using our Offerings. By providing us with your data, you warrant to us that you are over 13 years of age. Podtrac, Inc. (referred to as “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice) is the data controller and we are responsible for your personal data collected by us. WHAT DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU AND WHY Personal data means any information capable of identifying an individual. It does not include anonymized data. We may process the following categories of personal data about you: Communication Data - any communication that you send to us whether that be through the contact form on our website, through email, text, social media messaging, social media posting or any other communication that you send us. We process this data for the purposes of communicating with you, for record keeping and for the establishment, pursuance or defense of legal claims. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests, which in this case are to reply to communications sent to us, to keep records and to establish, pursue or defend legal claims. Customer Data - data relating to registering to use our services such as your name, title, address, email address, phone number, and contact details. We process this data to supply you with goods and/or services you have requested or purchased and to keep records of such transactions. Our lawful ground for this processing is the performance of a contract between you and us and/or taking steps at your request to enter into such a contract. See our Product Privacy Statementfor more information on Customer Data collection specific to our measurement service. User Data - data about how you use our website and any online services together with any data that you post for publication on our website or through other online services. We process this data to operate our website and ensure relevant content is provided to you, to ensure the security of our website, to maintain back- ups of our website and/or databases and to enable publication and administration of our website, other online services and business. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests, which in this case are to enable us to properly administer our website and our business. Technical Data - data about your use of our website and online services such as your IP address, your login data, details about your browser, length of visit to pages on our website, page views and navigation paths, details about the number of times you use our website, time zone settings and other technology on the devices you use to access our website. The source of this data is from our analytics tracking system. We process this data to analyze your use of our website and other online services, to administer and protect our business and website, to deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and to understand the effectiveness of our advertising. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests which in this case are to enable us to properly administer our website and our business and to grow our business and to decide our marketing strategy. Marketing Data - data about your preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences. We process this data in order to deliver relevant website and email content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of this content and advertising. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests which in this case are to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to decide our marketing strategy.We may use Communication Data, Customer Data, User Data, Technical Data and Marketing Data to deliver relevant website content, email and advertisements to you (including Facebook ads or other display advertisements) and to measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve you. Our lawful ground for this processing is legitimate interests, which is to grow our business. We may also use such data to send other marketing communications to you. We use MailChimp as our email marketing platform. Your information will be transferred to MailChimp. Learn more about MailChimp’s privacy practices here. Our lawful ground for this processing is either consent or legitimate interests (namely to grow our business). Podtrac currently provides free podcast measurement services to podcast publishers whereby Podtrac gathers data specific to individual podcasts (e.g., audience survey data, content ratings, measurement data, etc.). This podcast data is not personal data and may be shared by Podtrac with member advertisers or other third parties in Podtrac’s sole discretion. See our Product Privacy Statementfor more information in regard to our podcast measurement services. Where we are required to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of the contract between us, and you do not provide us with that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract (for example, to deliver goods or services to you). If you don’t provide us with the requested data, we may have to cancel a product or service you have ordered but if we do, we will notify you at the time. We will only use your personal data for a purpose it was collected for or a reasonably compatible purpose if necessary. In case we need to use your details for an unrelated new purpose we will let you know and explain the legal grounds for processing. We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent where this is required or permitted by law. We do not carry out automated decision making or any type of automated profiling. Use of Cookies Cookies are pieces of data stored on your hard drive that record information about how you interact with a website so that, when you revisit that website, it can present tailored options based on the information stored about your last visit. Cookies can also be used to analyze traffic and for advertising and marketing purposes. Cookies are used by nearly all websites and do not harm your system. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you want to check or change what types of cookies you accept, this can usually be altered within your browser settings. You can view, delete and block cookies at any time by by accessing the privacy settings of your browser. By not blocking cookies and continuing to browse this site you are authorizing the use of cookies. If you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site. We use cookies to track your use of our website. This enables us to understand how you use the site and track any patterns with regards to how you are using our website. This helps us to develop and improve our website as well as products and / or services in response to what you might need or want. Cookies are either: Session cookies: these are only stored on your computer during your web session and are automatically deleted when you close your browser – they usually store an anonymous session ID allowing you to browse a website without having to log in to each page but they do not collect any personal data from your computer; or Persistent cookies: a persistent cookie is stored as a file on your computer and it remains there when you close your web browser. The cookie can be read by the website that created it when you visit that website again. We use persistent cookies for Google Analytics. We also use cookies that contain encrypted login information to enable secure content access so we can ensure that client-specific information is secure from unauthorized access. These cookies are used only for this purpose and are intended to be used only by our Offerings. Sensitive Data We do not collect any Sensitive Data about you. Sensitive data refers to data that includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data. We do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offenses. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA We may collect data about you by you providing the data directly to us (for example by filling in forms on our site or by sending us emails). We may automatically collect certain data from you as you use our website by using cookies and similar technologies.Please see the above section on Use of Cookies for more details about how we use cookies. We may also receive data from third parties such as analytics providers (e.g Google), advertising networks (e.g. Facebook), and search information providers (e.g. Google). MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS Our lawful ground of processing your personal data to send you marketing communications is either your consent or our legitimate interests (namely to grow our business). Before we share your personal data with any third party for their own marketing purposes, which we currently do not do, we will get your express consent. You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you OR by emailing us at privacy@podtrac.com. If you opt out of receiving marketing communications this opt-out does not apply to personal data provided as a result of other transactions, such as purchases, registrations, etc. DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below: Other companies in our group who provide services to us.Service providers who provide IT and system administration services.Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurersGovernment bodies that require us to report processing activities.Market research firms who provide services to us.Third parties to whom we sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. We require all third parties to whom we transfer your data to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We only allow such third parties to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF DATA We are a U.S.-based company which abides by the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulations that protect the personal data of EU residents. When any EU user provides any data to us, that data is being transferred outside of the EEA. DATA RETENTION We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. When deciding what the correct time is to keep data we look at its amount, nature and sensitivity, potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure, the processing purposes, if these can be achieved by other means and legal requirements. In some circumstances we may anonymize your personal data for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you. THIRD-PARTY LINKS This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES If we change our practices as described in this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting the changes on this Privacy Policy. CONTACTING US You can update your information or change how we contact you at any time by clicking the “update your preferences” or “unsubscribe from this list” links at the bottom of any email we have sent you or logging in to your Podtrac account at Podtrac.com. Podtrac, Inc PO Box 30576, Alexandria, VA 22310 Email address: Privacy@podtrac.com If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us . PUBLISHER SERVICES Register Login PODCAST ADVERTISING SERVICES © 2005-2023 Podtrac, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies to provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively.