Privacy Policy Last Updated and Effective as of February 21, 2023 PowerReviews, Inc. (“PowerReviews”) provides this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain our privacy practices for the information we collect from our current and potential business clients, including through our website, powerreviews.com (“Site”). We control the data we collect about current and potential business clients through the Site and we use, share, store, and otherwise process it as disclosed in this policy, unless otherwise specifically agreed in a contract or other writing between us and you or the company for whom you work and on whose behalf you interact with us. As part of the services we provide to business clients, we provide individuals the ability to submit reviews, comment, rate, share photos, or otherwise provide feedback or content about our clients and their products and services, including through product reviews and ratings services displayed on or through third party sites through a connection to PowerReviews API or otherwise or with the use of inline frame or other framing techniques (“Client Services”). When we collect information through the Client Services, we operate as a service provider for our clients. For the Client Services, we collect, use, share, and otherwise process the data on behalf of our clients and as directed by our clients. The collection, use, sharing, and other processing of personal information collected through the Client Services is governed by our client’s privacy policy and their terms of use if any. If you write a review or otherwise interact with our client, and you have any questions about how your information or content is used, please contact the client directly. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy carefully before accessing or providing any personal information to the Site. Please also review our Terms of Use , which govern your use of the Site. By visiting our Site, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy and the applicable Terms of Use , do not access or use the services or provide personal information to us . Table of Contents Information that you Provide Directly Information We Collect Automatically Information Third Parties Provide About You Social Media Features Notice to California Residents Notice to Individuals Located in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom (UK), and Switzerland Notice to Canada Residents 1. INFORMATION WE COLLECT We collect information about users of the Site directly, automatically when you visit the Site, and sometimes from third parties. Some of this information may be considered “personal information under various applicable laws. We consider information that identifies you as a specific, identified individual (such as a user’s name, email address, or phone number) to be personal information. We will also treat additional information, including IP addresses and cookie identifiers, as “personal information” where required by applicable law. Note that we may de-identify or pseudonymize personal information so that it is non-personal, such as aggregating or converting it to a code, sometimes using a function commonly known as “hash”. We maintain and use de-identified data without attempting to re-identify it, except where permitted by applicable law, such as to determine whether our de-identification processes satisfy legal requirements. We will treat de-identified or pseudonymized information as non-personal to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law. If we combine non-personal information with personal information, then we will treat the combined information as personal information under this Privacy Policy. 1.1 Information that you Provide Directly You may provide information to us in connection with the Client Services, your use of the Site and when you otherwise interact with or contact us, including name, phone number, e-mail address, and the company you are affiliated with. We may also collect other types of information, such as demographic information and information you choose to provide in connection with a feature or promotion we offer, such as an online forum or a sweepstakes or survey. 1.2 Information We Collect Automatically We and our third party business partners (including any third party service providers or third party content, advertising, and analytics providers) may use a variety of technologies, including cookies and web beacons, that automatically or passively collect information whenever you access, use, or otherwise interact with the Site (“Usage Information”).Usage Information includes the hardware model, browser and operating system you are using, the URL or advertisement that referred you to our Site, any search terms you entered into a search engine that led you to our Site, the areas within our Site that you visited, and the time of day you visited our Site, your time zone, location information, and mobile network (if applicable), among other information. We may also automatically collect your IP address or another unique identifier for any computer, mobile phone, or other device used to access our Site. Cookies: We may use cookies to identify users and to customize experiences on the Site. We use cookies to help us understand how visitors use (and to help us to improve) the Site. You may refuse to accept cookies from us by following the procedures specific to your browser. To manage your cookies preferences : Cookie Preferences / Do Not Sell My Info Web Beacons: Additionally, we may use, and may allow third parties to use, web beacons on the Site to monitor the effectiveness of advertising or for other legitimate purposes. Web beacons, also known as “Web bugs” “1×1 GIFs” or “clear GIFs” are small, graphic images on web pages or web-based documents or in email messages that allow us or third parties to monitor who is visiting the Site. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or email can act as a web beacon. Web beacons collect the IP address of the computer that the web beacon is sent to, the URL of the page the web beacon comes from and the time it was viewed. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes, including, without limitation, to count visitors to the Site, to monitor how users navigate the Site, to count how many emails that were sent were actually opened or to count how many particular links were actually viewed. Web beacons may be linked to your personal information. Embedded Scripts. An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Site, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your device from our web server or a third-party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Site, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter. In addition, we may use a variety of other technologies that collect Usage Information and similar information for security and fraud detection purposes and to enforce our intellectual property rights. 1.3 Information Third Parties Provide About You We may receive information about you from third parties, such as your employer if you are accessing our Site or using Client Services on behalf of a company. We may also supplement the information we collect with outside records from third parties, such as public databases, publicly available social media pages, and third parties who enhance the information we have about you, in order to provide you with information, services or products you have requested, to tailor content, to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you, and for other purposes. The information collected and stored by third parties is subject solely to the third party’s privacy practices. 1.4 Social Media Features The Site may permit you to interact with a third-party platform (such as LinkedIn, Facebook, or Vimeo) and the Site, for example, “liking” or “sharing” content from the Site, posting your social media posts to the Site, including a hashtag associated with us in your social media post, or creating an account or registering with the Site using existing login information from a third-party platform (“Social Media Features”). Also, both we and the third party may have access to certain information about you and your use of the Site and the third-party service. These third-party companies may collect information about your visit to our Site through the Social Media Features we have integrated into the Site. Note that through the Social Media Features, these third-party companies may be able to collect certain information about your visits to the Site regardless of whether or not you affirmatively interact with the Social Media Features and whether or not you are logged into (or have) an account with the third party platform. If you use Social Media Features, your interaction, and personal information may be publicly disclosed on the Site and on the third-party platform. If others give us access to their profile, page, or other content on a third-party platform, we may also receive information about you if it is accessible through that content. Your use of Social Media Features is subject to our Terms of Use which give us the right to use your interaction, online or offline, in connection with our advertising, publicity, and promotional activities.The information we collect in connection with Social Media Features is subject to this Privacy Policy; the information the third-party platform collects is subject to the third party’s privacy practices (including whether the third party shares information with us, the types of information shared, and your choices about what is visible to others on the third-party platform). 2. HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT ? We may use the information we collect to: Enable you to use the Site, Client Services and other products or services we offer, including maintaining your account information, managing transactions and fulfilling your orders, and verifying information you provide to us, including that your email address is active and valid;Manage our business relationship with you and the company for which you work;Tailor the content and advertising we display to you or others, on the Site or elsewhere, including content in emails we may send to you; Communicate with you, including to respond to any questions, problems or complaints, or request feedback, and to send you information about us and the Site, products, features, and activities, including to send you marketing communications if you have provided us your email address, as permitted by applicable law Contact you for administrative purposes, such as changes to our Privacy Policy, Terms of Use, or other policies, or to provide customer service;For internal business purposes, such as to organize the Site to better serve you, customize or develop and improve our products and services, to conduct market research and to analyze trends and statistics, and to comply with legal requirements and our business policies; Operate and protect the Site from errors and misuse of the Site, to detect, Investigate, and help prevent potentially unlawful or fraudulent activity, or that violates our Terms of Use , to detect and troubleshoot problems, resolve disputes, and enforce applicable agreements and policies;to consider an employment application you submit through the Site; andAs otherwise disclosed in this Privacy Policy, for other reasons that we disclose when you provide your information, or otherwise with your consent 3. SHARING INFORMATION We may share non-personal information that we collect, such as certain Usage Information, aggregate user statistics, and hashed or otherwise de-identified or pseudonymized information (including email addresses), and/or our analyses derived from such information, with third parties in our discretion and as permitted by law, including for targeted advertising purposes. We do not share personal information with third parties except as disclosed when you provide it, with your consent , and as described in this Privacy Policy, including: Subsidiaries and Affiliates: We may disclose personal information we collect from you to our affiliates or subsidiaries for business and operational purposes. Service Providers: We may use third-party service providers to assist us with the administration of the Site or to perform other services for us or on our behalf, including transaction processing and sending emails and other communications. We give these third parties access to your personal information (or allow them to collect information from or about you) so that they can provide the services. Our third-party service providers may be located in the U.S., Canada or other foreign jurisdictions. Third-Parties When You Direct Us to Share Information: We may share information when you direct us to do so. For example, you may engage with Social Media Features or other third-party applications or features, through which information about you is shared. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties. Business Transfers/Merged or Acquiring Entity: Information about our users and the Site are a business asset of PowerReviews. Therefore, information about our users, including personal information, may be disclosed without your further consent as part of any corporate restructuring, including a merger or acquisition, creation of a separate business to provide the Site or Client Services; debt financing, sale or pledge of company assets, insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personal information would be transferred as one of PowerReviews’ business assets, or other transaction (including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process),. By providing your personal information, you agree that we may transfer such information to the new entity.Legal and Business Purposes: We may share personal information about you to third parties in order to comply with a legal obligation and when we believe in good faith that the law requires it (e.g., a lawful subpoena, warrant or court order); to respond to lawful requests by public authorities or law enforcement, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; to protect the integrity of the Site and enforce or apply our policies or any other agreement with a user; to initiate, render, bill, and collect for amounts owed to us; to protect our rights or property; to protect our users from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of our Site; to enforce contest, sweepstakes, promotions, or game rules; if we reasonably believe that an emergency involving immediate danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of communications or justifies disclosure of records without delay; or to otherwise protect the rights, property, safety, or security of PowerReviews, users of the Site, or others. We may also use Device Identifiers, including IP addresses, to identify users, and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners, Internet service providers, website service providers or law enforcement agencies, in our discretion. Sweepstakes, Contests, Promotions : We may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (any, a “ Promotion ”) that may require registration. By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to the provisions, conditions, or official rules that govern the Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you (including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the Promotion to use your name, voice, likeness or other indicia of persona in advertising or marketing materials). If you choose to enter a Promotion, personal information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, including, without limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, as required by law, or as permitted by the Promotion’s terms or official rules (such as on a winners list). Employment Applications: If you apply for a job through the Site, we or our service provider(s) may ask you to provide self-identifying information (such as veteran status, gender, and ethnicity) in conjunction with laws and regulations enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission and other federal, state and local regulatory agencies. Providing such self-identifying information is voluntary, but if you do provide such information, we and/or our service provider may submit that information to the appropriate government or regulatory agencies to fulfill reporting requirements and use that information to defend against employment-related complaints. 4. Third-Party Advertising and Analytics and Similar Third Parties We may use third party business partners, such as analytics companies, ad agencies, network advertisers, and others who provide us with information about the Site, users, and our advertisements, and who deliver ads to you on our behalf on our Site and elsewhere online. We and our third-party business partners collect certain information about your visits to and activity on our Site and other websites and services, including through the Social Media Features, and may use this information to target advertising to you and others and to assess the effectiveness of our advertising. We may also share (or permit third parties to collect) certain information, such as Usage Information, aggregated or de-identified, pseudonymized, or hashed information (including email addresses), with these third parties for similar purposes. These third-parties may set and access their own tracking technologies on your device (including cookies, web beacons, or other technology) and may otherwise collect or have access to your personal information over time, including about your visits to our Site as well as other websites and online services, some of which may be personal information or personal data under various state laws. Companies that we share information with, including ad agencies and networks, may use the information, often in combination with their existing information, in order to present more relevant advertisements that may be of interest to you, and to help us and third parties to do the same. Your Advertising Choices: Some of these third parties may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) or Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising.Both NAI and DAA provide information regarding procedures for opting-out of targeted online advertising from participating companies. For information from NAI about opting out, click here . For information from DAA about opting out click here . If you are a California resident, please see our “ California Privacy Notice ” for more information about your rights. To learn more about interest-based advertisements from participating third parties in Canada, please visit the Canadian DAA online choice page here . The European Digital Advertising Alliance (“EDAA”) has also developed a guide to online behavioral advertising and has developed an opt-out page for participating EDAA member companies available here . Note that these are cookie-based opt-outs. If you disable your cookies or upgrade your browser after opting out, or if you use different computers or browsers, you will need to indicate your opt-out choices across those other computers and browsers. We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. on the Site. Google Analytics uses cookies or other tracking technologies to help us analyze how users interact with and use the Site, compile reports on the activity on the Site, and provide other services related to our activity on our Site and usage. The technologies used by Google may collect information such as your IP address, time of visit, whether you are a return visitor, and any referring website. The information generated by Google Analytics will be transmitted to and stored by Google and will be subject to Google’s privacy policies. To learn more about Google’s partner services and to learn how to opt out of tracking of analytics by Google, click here . 5. YOUR CHOICE AND ACCESS Opting Out: Cookies: Cookies are small data files that download onto your computer or other device when you visit the Site or otherwise access our online content on certain websites. Cookies may be used for many purposes. We use both session cookies (which are deleted when you close your browser) and persistent cookies (which remain on your computer after the browser has been closed). To learn more, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ or http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ . You can manage your cookie preferences here: Cookie Preferences / Do Not Sell My Info If you are a California resident, please see our “ California Privacy Notice ” for more information about your rights. Marketing Communications: If you receive marketing communications from PowerReviews you may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in the emails. If you receive marketing communications from a PowerReviews client and would no longer like to be contacted by them, please contact that client directly. Do-Not-Track and Global Privacy Control: Do Not Track: Please note that your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to websites and online services that you visit. When you choose to turn on the “Do Not Track” setting in your browser, your browser will send a signal to websites, analytics providers, advertisement networks, plug-in providers, and other web service providers you encounter while browsing to stop tracking your activity. To find out more about and set up “Do Not Track,” please visit here . Global Privacy Control: Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) is a technical specification in your browser settings that you can use to automatically inform websites of your privacy preferences with regard to third-party online tracking. To find out more about and set up GPC, please visit here . Access and Correction: If you would like to access, correct, amend or delete personal information collected by PowerReviews through the Site, you may do so through your account settings, if applicable, or contacting us through one of the below methods. Attn. PrivacyPowerReviews, Inc.1 N. Dearborn, Suite 810Chicago, IL 60602Email: privacy@powerreviews.com 6. THIRD-PARTY LINKS AND CONTENT ON OUR SITE The Site may contain links to other websites that PowerReviews does not control, and other content hosted and served by third parties. The third parties whose content appears on the Site may collect information about you through the use of cookies and web beacons, may independently collect or solicit personal information, and may have the ability to track your use of their sites and services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to non-PowerReviews-operated websites and mobile applications that may be linked to or from the Site. Please review the privacy policies on those websites and applications directly to understand their privacy practices. PowerReviews is not responsible for the privacy practices of any third party. 7.POWERREVIEWS CONTENT ON THIRD-PARTY SITES Our content may be included on third-parties’ web pages and websites, including third-party sites on which you submit a review using a form powered by PowerReviews. While we do not control those third-party web pages and websites, we may collect Usage Information through PowerReviews content appearing on third-party sites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to non-PowerReviews-operated websites and mobile applications that may link to the Site. Please review the privacy policies on those websites and applications directly to understand their privacy practices. PowerReviews is not responsible for the privacy practices of any third party. If you have questions regarding the data practices of one of our clients, please contact them directly. 8. CONSENT TO CROSS-BORDER TRANSFERS OF DATA PowerReviews is a United States company, however, PowerReviews may provide the Site and its Client Services globally. As a result, we may, subject to law, transfer and store your personal information, in connection with the Site and/or Client Services, and the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. By using the Site and/or Client Services outside of the United States, you understand, acknowledge, and agree that we may collect, process, store, or transfer your personal information in the United States and other jurisdictions, including to countries where data protection standards may differ from those in the country where you reside. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries request to access your personal information in accordance with the laws of that jurisdiction. However, our transfer, storage, and processing of your personal data will at all times be in accordance with this Privacy Policy. PowerReviews previously participated in the Privacy Shield Framework. While the EU no longer deems the Privacy Shield program valid for purposes of compliance with EU data protection requirements, PowerReviews will continue to honor its commitments made under this Framework with regard to information collected while it was a participant and will protect data using other legally acceptable means, such as approved standard contractual clauses. 9. GENERAL AUDIENCE SITE Powerreviews.com is intended for users who are at least 18 years of age and the age of majority in their jurisdiction. We do not intend, and the Site is not designed, to knowingly collect personal information from children younger than that age. If you are a minor, you should not contact or otherwise provide personal information to our Site. 10. SECURITY We use commercially reasonable security measures and technologies in an effort to protect and secure the personal information we collect and store about users, including to prevent loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. However, please remember that no data transmission or data storage to guaranteed to be 100% secure. As such, we cannot guarantee protection of all information against interception, misappropriation, misuse, or alteration, or that your information may be not be disclosed or accessed by accidental circumstances or by the unauthorized acts of others. Furthermore, we have no control over the security of other sites you might visit, interact with or do business with. Thus, while we strive to protect your personal information, PowerReviews cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. You use our Site and provide us with your information at your own risk. 11. RETENTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION We retain personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. 12. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY To the extent allowed by applicable law, we may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time in our discretion. We will notify you of such changes by posting the new policy on the Site and indicating at the top of the Privacy Policy the date it was last updated. We may also provide notice to you in other ways in our discretion, such as through contact information you have provided. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy unless otherwise specified, and your continued use of the Site after the effective date of the revised Privacy Policy (or such other act as specified in the revised Privacy Policy) will constitute your consent to those changes to the fullest extent allowed by applicable law. 13. QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION If you have any questions, inquiries or complaints about this Policy, or the practices of or your dealings with the Site, please contact us at the following address, phone, or email: PowerReviews, Inc.1 N. Dearborn, Suite 810Chicago, IL 60602 Email: privacy@powerreviews.com 14.NOTICE TO USERS FROM CERTAIN STATES AND COUNTRIES Laws in certain jurisdictions give residents additional rights related to personal information. To make a request to exercise additional rights you may have, please see the section below that is applicable to you . If you live in another jurisdiction and wish to exercise certain rights available to you under local law, please contact us at: privacy@powerreviews.com We reserve the ability to limit our response to your request based on the law that is applicable to you. 14.1 Notice to California Residents This California Privacy Notice is effective as of February 21, 2023. California residents have certain privacy rights with respect to the personal information we collect. If you are a California resident with whom we have a direct business or potential business relationship, this section applies to you. This California Privacy Notice sets forth the disclosures and rights for California Consumers regarding their Personal Information, as required by the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CPRA”), and any implementing regulations adopted thereunder. Terms (including defined capitalized terms) used in this California Privacy Notice have the same meanings given in the CCPA and CPRA and the associated regulations, unless otherwise defined. EXERCISING YOUR CALIFORNIA RIGHTS California residents have the right to request: (1) that we disclose to you what Personal Information we collect, use, disclose, and sell, including the right to request that we provide to you the categories and specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you (“ Right to Know “); (2) that we delete the Personal Information we collect about you (“ Right to Delete “); (3) that we correct inaccurate Personal Information we hold about you (“ Right to Correct ”), (4) to opt-out from the sharing of your Personal Information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising (i.e., targeted advertising) (“ Right to Opt-Out of Sharing ”), (5) to opt-out from the sale of their Personal Information (“ Right to Opt-Out of Sale ”), all subject to the meanings and exceptions set forth in the CCPA and CPRA. More information on each of these rights is below. In your request, you must provide enough information to allow us to verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information, or their authorized representative. You must also describe your request with enough detail so that we can understand, evaluate, and respond to it. We can’t respond to your request if we can’t verify your identity. Making such a request does not require you to create an account with us, and we will only use the information you provide in a request to verify your identity. Verifying Your Requests We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity based upon the information you provide and the type of request you are making. When you exercise your Right to Know, Right to Delete, and/or Right to Correct, please provide us with information to verify your identity and fulfill your request, including your full name, the email address you have used to interact with PowerReviews, and mailing address or phone number (if you have provided it). If we are unable to verify that the individual submitting the request is the same individual about whom we have collected information (or someone authorized by that individual to act on their behalf), we will not be able to process the request. Agents If you are an authorized representative submitting a request on a user’s behalf, please complete the applicable request per the instructions below. We will follow up to request a signed, written permission signed by the individual who is the subject of the request authorizing you to make the request on their behalf. The written permission must state your full legal name, the full legal name of the individual who is the subject of the request and needs to be clear about the permission granted. Alternatively, you may submit a copy of a power of attorney under Probate Code sections 4000-4465. In either case, please also indicate in your email the nature of your request. The California resident’s identity, in addition to your own, will need to be independently verified in order for us to be able to fulfill your request. We may also ask the California resident to directly confirm with us that they provided you permission to submit a request. Please keep in mind that if we do not receive adequate proof that you are authorized to act on the California resident’s behalf, we may deny the request. Right to Know California residents have the right to know what information we have collected about you (the categories and the specific pieces of information).If you are a California resident with whom we have a direct business or potential business relationship and would like to exercise your Right to Know, you may access personal information collected by PowerReviews through the Site in your account settings, if applicable, or you may submit your request at privacy@powerreviews.com. In order to have us provide specific pieces of information, we may require a signed declaration under penalty of perjury that you are the California resident whose Personal Information is the subject of the request. Right to Delete California residents have the right to request that we delete the information we have collected from you. If you are a California resident with whom we have a direct business or potential business relationship and would like to exercise your Right to Delete, you may delete personal information collected by PowerReviews through the Site in your account settings, if applicable, or you may submit your request at privacy@powerreviews.com. Please note that as part of the verification process, once you submit a request to delete, we may follow up and require you to confirm that you want your information deleted. Right to Correct Inaccurate Information California residents have the right to request that we correct inaccurate information we hold about you. If you are a California resident with whom we have a direct business or potential business relationship and would like to exercise your Right to Correct, you may correct personal information collected by PowerReviews through the Site in your account settings, if applicable, or you may submit your request at privacy@powerreviews.com. Right to Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Information or Sharing for Cross-Contextual Behavioral Advertising California Consumers have the right to opt-out of the sale of your Personal Information (PowerReviews does not sell Personal Information for monetary compensation) and to opt-out of the sharing of your Personal Information to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising (i.e., targeted advertising). PowerReviews does not use your contact information in a manner that would be considered a “sale” or a “share”, but PowerReviews engages in online advertising practices (and certain analytics or similar activities), which may be considered a “sale” or a “share” for cross-context behavioral advertising as defined in the CCPA and CPRA. To exercise your right to opt out of certain tracking cookies set by third parties that may be considered “sales” or shaing” under the CCPA and CPRA, click here: Cookie Preferences / Do Not Sell My Info . In addition, the Digital Advertising Alliance also offers tools for California consumers to send requests under the CCPA and CPRA to opt out of the sale of person information by some or all of the participating companies at: https://www.privacyrights.info/ . Right to Limit The Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information Under the CPRA Regulations, a business must only provide the Right to Limit The Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information when Sensitive Personal Information is collected or processed for the purpose of inferring characteristics about a consumer, or does not fall under certain statutory exceptions, pursuant to CPRA §1798.121. PowerReviews does not collect Sensitive Personal Information and we therefore do not offer this right at this time. Data Retention We will retain all categories of personal information described in this California Privacy Notice for as long as it is reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this California Privacy Notice, considering the time period reasonably necessary to: provide the Services to you; exercise the choices and rights you have requested; comply with our contractual obligations; enforce our terms for use of the Services; and, comply with legal and regulatory requirements. Except as noted differently on specific pages or apps, we retain your personal information while you have an account with us, or while you are using our Services or continuing to visit us. Users Younger than 16 PowerReviews does not knowingly sell or share Personal Information of users younger than 16 years of age. Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of Privacy Rights California residents have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment for exercising CCPA and CPRA rights. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your CCPA and CPRA rights. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT The Personal Information we collect about you will depend upon how you use PowerReviews Site or otherwise interact with us. Accordingly, we may not collect all of the below information about you. In addition to the below, we may collect and/or use additional types of information and will do so after providing notice to you and obtaining your consent to the extent such notice and consent is required by the CCPA and CPRA.Identifiers (such as name, email address, contact information, IP address) We may collect this type of information from:You,– Affiliated Companies,– Cookies and Tracking Technologies,– Third-party social media companies,– Third-party business partners We may use this type of information to: – Enable you to use the Site and Client Services we offer– Manage our business relationship with you and the company for which you work– Send you marketing communications;– Enhance and personalize your Client Services experience;– Statistical analysis and research;– Investigating and preventing fraud, illegal activities, and activities that violate our policies, and resolving technical issues reported about PowerReviews;– Facilitating your job search, process your employment application, and prepare related governmental and internal statistics reports;– For other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide your information, or otherwise with your consent. We may disclose this type of information to:– Subsidiaries and Affiliates– Service Providers, – Third parties or affiliated companies when you agree to or direct that we share your information with them.– Third parties who may acquire your information as a result of a merger, acquisition or otherwise ownership transition.– Law enforcement, government entities, or others if required by law or in connection with court proceedings (such as pursuant to subpoenas or court orders);– Third-parties we partner with for contests, sweepstakes, or promotions,– Third-party advertising and analytics companies Third party advertising, analytics, and and similar marketing business partners may have access to this data, and this may be considered a “sale” or “share” under the CCPA and CPRA under certain circumstances. Any categories of Personal Information described in subdivision (v) of Section 1798.140 (such as name, signature, address, phone number, information about your employment, and categories of information classified as “personal” under this California law) Note: information in this category may overlap with other categories. We may collect this type of information from:You,Affiliated CompaniesCookies and Tracking Technologies,Third party social media companies,Third party business partners We may use this type of information to: Enable you to use the Site and Client Services we offerManage our business relationship with you and the company for which you workSend you marketing communications;Enhance and personalize your Client Services experience;Statistical analysis and research;Investigating and preventing fraud, illegal activities, and activities that violate our policies, and resolving technical issues reported about PowerReviews;Facilitating your job search, process your employment application, and prepare related governmental and internal statistics reports;For other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide your information, or otherwise with your consent. We may disclose this type of information to:Subsidiaries and AffiliatesService Providers, Third parties or affiliated companies when you agree to or direct that we share your information with them.Third parties who may acquire your information as a result of a merger, acquisition or otherwise ownership transition.Law enforcement, government entities, or others if required by law or in connection with court proceedings (such as pursuant to subpoenas or court orders);Third parties we partner with for contests, sweepstakes, or promotions,Third party advertising and analytics companies Third party advertising, analytics, and and similar marketing business partners may have access to this data, and this may be considered a “sale” or “share” under the CCPA and CPRA under certain circumstances. Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as information about the web browser and operating system you are using, the website or ad that referred you to our Site, or areas of the Site that you visited.) We may collect this type of information from:YouAffiliated Companies,Cookies and Tracking Technologies,Third-party social media companies,Third-party business partners We may use this type of information to: Enable you to use the Site and Client Services we offerManage our business relationship with you and the company for which you workSend you marketing communications;Enhance and personalize your Client Services experience;Statistical analysis and research;Investigating and preventing fraud, illegal activities, and activities that violate our policies, and resolving technical issues reported about PowerReviews;Facilitating your job search, process your employment application, and prepare related governmental and internal statistics reports; For other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide your information, or otherwise with your consent.We may disclose this type of information to:Subsidiaries and AffiliatesService Providers, Third parties or affiliated companies when you agree to or direct that we share your information with them.Third-parties who may acquire your information as a result of a merger, acquisition or otherwise ownership transition.Law enforcement, government entities, or others if required by law or in connection with court proceedings (such as pursuant to subpoenas or court orders);Third parties we partner with for contests, sweepstakes, or promotions,Third-party advertising and analytics companies Third party advertising, analytics, and and similar marketing business partners may have access to this data, and this may be considered a “sale” or “share” under the CCPA and CPRA under certain circumstances. Professional or employment-related information We may collect information about your occupation, job title, and business name. We may collect this type of information from:YouAffiliated Companies This information is collected:To manage our relationship with you and your employer or the company for whom you work. We may disclose this type of information to:Subsidiaries and AffiliatesService Providers, Third parties or affiliated companies when you agree to or direct that we share your information with them. We do not “sell” or “share” this category of data to third parties. Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile about You (such as preferences, characteristics, predispositions and behaviors) We may collect this type of information from:YouAffiliated Companies Cookies and Tracking Technologies, Third party social media companies, Third party business partners We may use this type of information to: Enable you to use the Site and Client Services we offerManage our business relationship with you and the company for which you workSend you marketing communications;Enhance and personalize your Client Services experience;Statistical analysis and research;Investigating and preventing fraud, illegal activities, and activities that violate our policies, and resolving technical issues reported about PowerReviews;Facilitating your job search, process your employment application, and prepare related governmental and internal statistics reports; For other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide your information, or otherwise with your consent. We may disclose this type of information to:Subsidiaries and AffiliatesService Providers, Third parties or affiliated companies when you agree to or direct that we share your information with them.Third parties who may acquire your information as a result of a merger, acquisition or otherwise ownership transition.Law enforcement, government entities, or others if required by law or in connection with court proceedings (such as pursuant to subpoenas or court orders);Third parties we partner with for contests, sweepstakes, or promotions,Third-party advertising and analytics companies Third party advertising, analytics, and and similar marketing business partners may have access to this data, and this may be considered a “sale” or “share” under the CCPA and CPRA under certain circumstances. QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION If you have questions about any of these rights, please email us at privacy@powerreviews.com . 14.2. Notice to Individuals Located in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom (UK), and Switzerland If you are a resident of the European Union or other EEA countries, or of the UK or Switzerland, the following information applies. Purposes of processing and legal basis for processing: As explained above, we process personal information in various ways depending upon your use of our Site. We process personal information on the following legal bases: (1) with your consent; (2) as necessary to perform our agreement to provide Site; and (3) as necessary for our legitimate interests in providing the Site where those interests do not override your fundamental rights and freedoms related to data privacy. Right to lodge a complaint: Users that reside in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland have the right to seek information and assistance or lodge a complaint about our data collection and processing actions with the supervisory authority where they reside. Contact details for data protection authorities are available here. EEA: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en , UK: https://ico.org.uk/ , Switzerland: https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/links/data-protection—switzerland.html . Transfers: Personal information we collect may be transferred to, and stored and processed in, the United States or any other country in which we or our affiliates or subcontractors maintain facilities. We ensure that transfers of personal information to a third country or an international organization are subject to appropriate safeguards as described in Article 45-49 of the GDPR.Withdraw consent: If we have collected personal information with your consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Access: You have the right to request access to personal information we collected about you and information about its sources, purposes, and sharing. Correction: You have the right to request that we correct the personal information we hold about you if it is inaccurate or incomplete. Erasure: You have the right to request that we erase data we have collected from you. Please note that we may have a reason to deny your deletion request or delete data in a more limited way than you anticipated, e.g., because of a legal obligation or right to retain it. Portability: You have the right, in certain circumstances, to request that we provide your personal information to you in a format that can be transferred to another entity. Restrict Processing: You have the right, in certain circumstances, to request that we limit our processing of your personal information if you are (1) contesting the accuracy of your personal information, (2) asserting that our processing is unlawful; (3) asserting that we no longer need to keep the information for reasons related to the establishment, exercise, or defense of legal claims, or you object to our processing. Object: You have the right to object to our processing if we are processing your personal information based on legitimate interests, using your personal information for direct marketing (including profiling), or processing your personal information for purposes of scientific or historical research and statistics. Automated Decisionmaking: You have the right, in certain circumstances, not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects on you. Verification Procedures: We must verify your identity for everyone’s protection, so we may require you to provide us with verification information prior to accessing any records containing personal information about you. We do this by: Asking you to provide personal identifiers we can match against information we may have collected from you previously and confirm your request using the email or telephone account stated in the request; orHaving you submit your request through your account page, which will automatically verify your identity and will result in faster processing of your request. We will use the information you provide for verification only for the purpose of verification. We may have a reason under the law why we do not have to respond to your request or respond to it in a more limited way than you anticipated. If we do, we will explain that to you in our response. 14.3 NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF CANADA We make reasonable efforts to notify you of the purposes for which personal information will be used or disclosed and if the initial purpose changes. Please note, you may withdraw consent at any time (subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice). Subject to certain limits set out in the applicable laws, Canadian residents also have the right to request access to the personal information that PowerReviews collects and to update or correct personal information if it is inaccurate. We may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. If you are a Canadian resident and would like to submit a request to access your personal information or to withdraw consent to the processing of your personal data, you must submit your request to us by sending an email to privacy@powerreviews.com or calling 312-447-6112, ext 1112. You may also use this contact to submit any requests for information on PowerReviews’ privacy practices or to submit a complaint regarding our practices. Your request or complaint must include your full name, street address, city, province, postal code, and an email address so that we are able to contact you if needed regarding this request. We cannot properly process requests or complaints that do not come through the designated request mechanism or do not contain sufficient information to allow us to process your request. You may also be required to take reasonable steps as we determine from time to time in order to verify your identity and/or the authenticity of the request. Once your request is processed, absent exemptions, we will provide you with details regarding what personal information we have, how it is used, and with which third parties it is shared. You and We confirm that it is our wish that this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use, and all other related policies be drawn up in English. Vous reconnaissez avoir exigé la rédaction en anglais du présent document ainsi que tous les documents qui s’y rattachent.14.4 NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF BRAZIL If you are a resident of Brazil, the following information applies. Purposes of processing and legal basis for processing: As explained above, we process personal information in various ways depending upon your use of our Site. We process personal information on the following legal bases: (1) with your consent; (2) as necessary to perform our agreement to provide Site; and (3) as necessary for our legitimate interests in providing the Site where those interests do not override your fundamental rights and freedoms related to data privacy. Right to lodge a complaint: Users that reside in Brazil have the right to seek information and assistance or lodge a complaint about our data collection and processing actions with the Agência Nacional de Proteção de Dados , “ANPD”, www.gov.br/anpd/pt-br . Transfers: Personal information we collect may be transferred to, and stored and processed in, the United States or any other country in which we or our affiliates or subcontractors maintain facilities. We ensure that transfers of personal information to a third country or an international organization are subject to appropriate safeguards as described in Articles 33-36 of the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (LGDP). Withdraw consent: If we have collected personal information with your consent, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. Access: You have the right to request access to personal information we collected about you and information about its use and sharing. Correction: You have the right to request that we correct the personal information we hold about you if it is inaccurate, incomplete, or outdated. Erasure: You have the right to request that we erase data we have collected from you in some cases. Please note that we may have a reason to deny your deletion request or delete data in a more limited way than you anticipated, e.g., because of a legal obligation to retain it. Portability: You have the right, in certain circumstances, to request that we provide your personal information to you in a format that can be transferred to another entity. Automated Decisionmaking: You have the right to request information about a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, and request a review of such decisions. Verification Procedures: We must verify your identity for everyone’s protection, so we may require you to provide us with verification information prior to accessing any records containing personal information about you. We do this by: Asking you to provide personal identifiers we can match against information we may have collected from you previously and confirm your request using the email or telephone account stated in the request; orHaving you submit your request through your account page, which will automatically verify your identity and will result in faster processing of your request. We will use the information you provide for verification only for the purpose of verification. We may have a reason under the law why we do not have to respond to your request or respond to it in a more limited way than you anticipated. If we do, we will explain that to you in our response. Solutions COMPANY SUPPORT Follow Twitter Linkedin Facebook-f Vimeo Cookie Preferences / Do Not Sell My InfoCookie Preferences / Do Not Sell My Info Overview Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function (such as setting your privacy preferences, remembering your settings, or filling in forms) and cannot be switched off in our systems. Targeting Cookies / Do Not Sell My Personal Information Targeting Cookies / Do Not Sell My Personal Information Targeting CookiesSwitch Label label We and certain third party advertising, analytics, social media, and similar partners may collect data from visitors through cookies in order to personalize your experience, including to serve you targeted ads and content. These cookies may be used to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant ads on other sites. They are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. Under certain circumstances, these may be considered “sales” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). You may exercise your “Do Not Sell” rights by disabling these targeting cookies. If you do not allow these cookies, you will still continue to see generic advertising on our site and elsewhere online. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and user experience (for example, to remember choices you make when using our site, like your region, language preferences, or login details). They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label