Privacy Privacy your data Safety Your rights Vulnerability Safe Online Our vision on privacy Ziggo respects your privacy. Not because of the law, but because we value privacy as much as you do. That is why we handle your data with care. Our privacy promises 1. We take your privacy seriously Our privacy policy is very important to us. With every choice we make, we take measures to protect your privacy as well as possible. We have set up a privacy team for this. Our privacy policy is coordinated by a Privacy Officer. We are also a member of DDMA, the trade association for marketing and data. DDMA members must comply with the law and the Dutch Advertising Code. 2. Your data is safe The content of your conversations, messages or data files remains confidential. We are prohibited by law from viewing the content of call, text and internet traffic without explicit permission. And of course we adhere to that. We also do not sell your personal data to others. 3. You keep control over your data The data we record and process about you belongs to you. And you have and keep control over that data. On this website you can see which data we record, you can have it changed or even have it removed. are you going to leave us? Then you can easily take your data with you. 4. We will keep you informed If we change our Privacy Statement, we will adjust it on our website and inform you. Privacy Incidents Report a privacy incident Should something unexpectedly goes wrong with the protection of you personal data, we will report this immediately to the Authority Personal data. If this privacy incident has adverse consequences for you, you will hear that as soon as possible. We will inform you about what we are going to do to limit the consequences as much as possible. Who is responsible? Those responsible for collecting, securing and using your data are: Ziggo B.V. - Ziggo Services B.V. PO Box 43048 3540 AA Utrecht Ziggo Business Services B.V. (Zoranet Connectivity B.V. / Esprit Telecom B.V.) PO Box 43048 3540 AA Utrecht Privacy Statement Our Privacy Statement states: Which personal data we useWhat we do with your personal dataWith whom we share your dataAn explanation of your rights when it comes to your personal dataHow you can contact us about privacy What are personal data? Collecting data We collect information about who you are: your personal data. And what you do. These are your usage data of, for example, TV and internet. We do not store your data longer than necessary. You can read how long that is in our Privacy Statement. Profiles We use the personal data we collect to create profiles, for example based on place of residence, age or family composition. Profiles help us improve our services. Or to make you a good offer. If you do not want us to use your data for profiles, please complete the objection form in My Ziggo. What we do with your data We don't just collect your data. That's not allowed either. We collect all data for a specific purpose, the most important of which are listed below. For a complete overview, see our Privacy Statement. If you become a customer with us, we need your account details to record your order in our systems. In order to be able to supply you with a device or to take out a subscription for you, we can also carry out some financial checks. In order to provide you with a subscription or product, we need your account and usage data. We also use this data to improve our services. We use account information, usage information and financial information to create and send invoices to you and to ensure that they are paid by you. We use your account information to inform you about existing and new products and services, unless you have opted out.We also inform you about special promotions or certain interesting content. If you have given permission for this, we will use your account, usage and financial data to adapt recommendations and offers to your personal situation as much as possible. If you enter a contest or sign up for certain benefits, we also use your account information. Unfortunately, anyone can become a victim of fraud and identity theft. You too. To prevent this as much as possible, we use account data, usage data and financial data. We offer websites and apps so that you can purchase services from us, arrange things yourself online and communicate with us. Depending on the exact websites and apps, we use your account, usage and financial data for this. By analyzing account information and usage data, we gain insights that are useful to you, us and third parties. We only perform such statistical analyzes and reports with information that can no longer be traced back to you personally. You can contact us in various ways. If you do so, we will receive account information, usage data and financial information about you, such as your customer number and the content of your question or complaint. You can also share tips or ask questions within our communities. For this we need your account details. It goes without saying that we comply with the law. In exceptional cases, we must provide your personal data to the government or to third parties, for example in the event of a criminal investigation. For more information about which data we process, view our Privacy Statement. What we do to secure your data You are always extra careful with someone else's stuff. So to protect your data, we take thorough security measures, such as: Scanning our network infrastructure for viruses, malicious software and intrusion attempts. We keep the log files of detected viruses or security vulnerabilities. We regularly have the infrastructure and our security processes checked by independent auditors .We ask for additional information such as your zip code, address and customer number if you want to change or buy something over the phone. What can you do yourself? You can take precautions yourself to ensure that your data is protected: Pay close attention to which links you click in e-mails and on websites. If in doubt, do not click on the link.Be careful when downloading apps from unofficial channels.Do not connect to unsecured Wi-Fi networks that you do not trust.Notify us of any changes to your information in time.Report fraud and scams to the National Fraud Helpdesk. Your rights at a glance Your data is yours. And therefore, of course, you have certain rights. You are or were our customer We may collect and process your data under certain conditions. That is regulated by law. You have the right to: See what data we collect for what purpose Correct incorrect data Have data removed Block the processing of data Transfer your data If you are not (yet) a customer Request data You have the right to view the data we hold about you. That is why you can request an overview from us of the data we collect, for what purpose we do this and with which types of organizations we share that data. We make this information available digitally and you can then easily download it. Your invoices Your emails Log in to Ziggo Mail .Click on E-mail .Select Inbox .Scroll down in the list until you see your oldest e-mail.Click on Select all above your e-mails. An orange hamburger menu will now appear above your e-mails. Select this. Choose Save as file. Changing data If we have stored your data incorrectly, you can report this and this change data. This way you help us to make everything as complete and correct as possible keep possible. Have data deleted In certain cases you may ask us to delete your data.To clear? You can make a request to delete your data if: We no longer need the data we have collected from you You withdraw your consent to process certain data You have a specific reason to have certain data erased You are under 16 years old and the data has been collected via a website or app. The data has been collected for direct marketing activities. If you think that we should not keep the data Process anyway We cannot always fulfill your request. Sometimes we have a good reason to still process your data. For example, if: We have good grounds to (still) process your data We are still dealing with a complaint We are legally obliged to keep your data If we reject your request to delete data, we will always let you know why. Depending on how you submitted the application, you will receive a response by post, e-mail or in My Ziggo. Keep anyway We cannot always fulfill your request. Sometimes we have a good reason to keep your data. For example, if: You have a contract for which it is necessary to store your data We are legally obliged to store your data We are still processing a complaint. If it is not possible to delete your data, we will always let you know why. Depending on how you submitted your request, you will receive a response by post, e-mail or in My Ziggo. Go to My Ziggo Go to My Ziggo To object You can object to the use of your data in certain situations. You can object to the use of your data if: You are a Ziggo customer and do not want us to use your data for direct marketing. You can easily change this yourself in My Ziggo under Contact Preferences . Don't have a My Ziggo account yet? Then go to the right of objection. You are not a customer of Ziggo and do not want us to use your data for direct marketing. Then go to right of objection . The data is no longer processed for the purpose for which it was collected. You are in a specific personal situation. If you do not want us to use your data for historical or scientific research or for statistics. Process anyway We cannot always fulfill your request. Sometimes we have a good reason to still process your data. For example, if: There is a public interest in the processing We have good grounds for still processing the data We are still dealing with a complaint If we reject your request to cease data processing, we will always let you know why. Depending on how you submitted the application, you will receive a response by post, e-mail or in My Ziggo. Transfer data Of course we would rather not lose you. But if you do switch to another provider, you have the right to request your data from us and transfer it to your new provider. Depending on the data you want to transfer, you can do this in different ways. Your privacy in My Ziggo Download your itemized bills in My Ziggo Request number portability Report security breach In the telecom sector, we are working together on more transparency about measures to protect customer data. Have you found a security issue on our website? Report it to us so we can fix it right away. Privacy policy regarding Safe Online In short, Safe Online is a security solution based on the F-Secure SAFE service, intended to protect devices such as computers, tablets and smartphones. More recent versions also include a management portal, F-Secure Avenue, to help you manage your licenses more easily across all of your devices and those of your family members. In summary, we process the following information: your name, email address and telephone number; anonymous security data to protect your device; The focus of our data processing is not on your personal data, but on the use of data to protect your device and to be able to offer our services. The management portal offers limited visibility among fellow users who share the same subscription. The full privacy policy of F-Secure SAFE applies to Ziggo Safe Online.Packages Internet To call Mobile Television & Radio Additional channels Interactive TV Digital media boxes Customer service Help with Everything about Popular Contact English My Ziggo About Ziggo Also visit For customers All rights reserved 2023 Ziggo ziggo.nl uses cookies We use cookies (including javascripts and beacons) to provide you with the best possible service. Cookies help us to make the website work properly, to make it more relevant to you and to make you personal offers. Third parties also place cookies for this purpose. Cookies from third parties are sometimes necessary, for example, to be able to show videos on our website or to enable you to share information on social media, or to make you personalized offers. We and/or third parties collect data via our websites, such as your clicking behavior on our websites, your IP address, and data that you leave behind on the website. Where possible, we combine this data with other personal information (customer data) that we have collected from you. If you leave your email address, we can also send you an email to inform you about your uncompleted order(s) in our webshop. We have preselected the optimal choice. Click 'accept' if you agree. More information can be found on the cookies page and you can also adjust your settings there.