Aegis Threat Protection Platform Disarm BEC, phishing, ransomware, supply chain threats and more. Sigma Information Protection Platform Defend your data from careless, compromised and malicious users. Identity Threat Defense Platform Prevent identity risks, detect lateral movement and remediate identity threats in real time. Intelligent Compliance Platform Reduce risk, control costs and improve data visibility to ensure compliance. Premium Services Leverage proactive expertise, operational continuity and deeper insights from our skilled experts. New threat protection solution bundles with flexible deployment options AI-powered protection against BEC, ransomware, phishing, supplier risk and more with inline+API or MX-based deployment Solutions by Topic Combat Email and Cloud Threats Protect your people from email and cloud threats with an intelligent and holistic approach. Change User Behavior Help your employees identify, resist and report attacks before the damage is done. Combat Data Loss and Insider Risk Prevent data loss via negligent, compromised and malicious insiders by correlating content, behavior and threats. Modernize Compliance and Archiving Manage risk and data retention needs with a modern compliance and archiving solution. Protect Cloud Apps Keep your people and their cloud apps secure by eliminating threats, avoiding data loss and mitigating compliance risk. Prevent Loss from Ransomware Learn about this growing threat and stop attacks by securing today’s top ransomware vector: email. Secure Microsoft 365 Implement the very best security and compliance solution for your Microsoft 365 collaboration suite. Defend Your Remote Workforce with Cloud Edge Secure access to corporate resources and ensure business continuity for your remote workers. Why Proofpoint Today’s cyber attacks target people. Learn about our unique people-centric approach to protection. Solutions by Industry Partner Programs Channel Partners Become a channel partner. Deliver Proofpoint solutions to your customers and grow your business. Archive Extraction Partners Learn about the benefits of becoming a Proofpoint Extraction Partner. Global System Integrator (GSI) and Managed Service Provider (MSP) Partners Learn about our global consulting and services partners that deliver fully managed and integrated solutions. Technology and Alliance Partners Learn about our relationships with industry-leading firms to help protect your people, data and brand. Social Media Protection Partners Learn about the technology and alliance partners in our Social Media Protection Partner program. Proofpoint Essentials Partner Programs Small Business Solutions for channel partners and MSPs. Partner Tools Resource Library Find the information you're looking for in our library of videos, data sheets, white papers and more. Blog Keep up with the latest news and happenings in the ever‑evolving cybersecurity landscape. Podcasts Learn about the human side of cybersecurity. Episodes feature insights from experts and executives. New Perimeters Magazine Get the latest cybersecurity insights in your hands – featuring valuable knowledge from our own industry experts. Threat Glossary Learn about the latest security threats and how to protect your people, data, and brand. Events Connect with us at events to learn how to protect your people and data from ever‑evolving threats. Customer Stories Read how Proofpoint customers around the globe solve their most pressing cybersecurity challenges. Webinars Browse our webinar library to learn about the latest threats, trends and issues in cybersecurity. Security Hubs Get free research and resources to help you protect against threats, build a security culture, and stop ransomware in its tracks. About Proofpoint Proofpoint is a leading cybersecurity company that protects organizations' greatest assets and biggest risks: their people. Why Proofpoint Today’s cyber attacks target people. Learn about our unique people-centric approach to protection. Careers Stand out and make a difference at one of the world's leading cybersecurity companies. News Center Read the latest press releases, news stories and media highlights about Proofpoint. Privacy and Trust Learn about how we handle data and make commitments to privacy and other regulations. Environmental, Social, and Governance Learn about our people-centric principles and how we implement them to positively impact our global community. Support Access the full range of Proofpoint support services. Email Security and Protection Advanced Threat Protection Security Awareness Training Information Protection Cloud Security Identity Threat Detection and Response Compliance and Archiving Digital Risk Protection Premium Services Aegis Threat Protection Platform Disarm BEC, phishing, ransomware, supply chain threats and more. Sigma Information Protection Platform Defend your data from careless, compromised and malicious users.Identity Threat Defense Platform Prevent identity risks, detect lateral movement and remediate identity threats in real time. Intelligent Compliance Platform Reduce risk, control costs and improve data visibility to ensure compliance. Premium Services Leverage proactive expertise, operational continuity and deeper insights from our skilled experts. Email Security and Protection Advanced Threat Protection Security Awareness Training Information Protection Cloud Security Identity Threat Detection and Response Compliance and Archiving Digital Risk Protection Premium Services New threat protection solution bundles with flexible deployment options AI-powered protection against BEC, ransomware, phishing, supplier risk and more with inline+API or MX-based deployment Solutions by Topic Combat Email and Cloud Threats Protect your people from email and cloud threats with an intelligent and holistic approach. Change User Behavior Help your employees identify, resist and report attacks before the damage is done. Combat Data Loss and Insider Risk Prevent data loss via negligent, compromised and malicious insiders by correlating content, behavior and threats. Modernize Compliance and Archiving Manage risk and data retention needs with a modern compliance and archiving solution. Protect Cloud Apps Keep your people and their cloud apps secure by eliminating threats, avoiding data loss and mitigating compliance risk. Prevent Loss from Ransomware Learn about this growing threat and stop attacks by securing today’s top ransomware vector: email. Secure Microsoft 365 Implement the very best security and compliance solution for your Microsoft 365 collaboration suite. Defend Your Remote Workforce with Cloud Edge Secure access to corporate resources and ensure business continuity for your remote workers. Why Proofpoint Today’s cyber attacks target people. Learn about our unique people-centric approach to protection. Solutions by Industry Partner Programs Channel Partners Become a channel partner. Deliver Proofpoint solutions to your customers and grow your business. Archive Extraction Partners Learn about the benefits of becoming a Proofpoint Extraction Partner. Global System Integrator (GSI) and Managed Service Provider (MSP) Partners Learn about our global consulting and services partners that deliver fully managed and integrated solutions. Technology and Alliance Partners Learn about our relationships with industry-leading firms to help protect your people, data and brand. Social Media Protection Partners Learn about the technology and alliance partners in our Social Media Protection Partner program. Proofpoint Essentials Partner Programs Small Business Solutions for channel partners and MSPs. Partner Tools Resource Library Find the information you're looking for in our library of videos, data sheets, white papers and more. Blog Keep up with the latest news and happenings in the ever‑evolving cybersecurity landscape. Podcasts Learn about the human side of cybersecurity. Episodes feature insights from experts and executives. New Perimeters Magazine Get the latest cybersecurity insights in your hands – featuring valuable knowledge from our own industry experts. Threat Glossary Learn about the latest security threats and how to protect your people, data, and brand. Events Connect with us at events to learn how to protect your people and data from ever‑evolving threats. Customer Stories Read how Proofpoint customers around the globe solve their most pressing cybersecurity challenges. Webinars Browse our webinar library to learn about the latest threats, trends and issues in cybersecurity. Security Hubs Get free research and resources to help you protect against threats, build a security culture, and stop ransomware in its tracks. About Proofpoint Proofpoint is a leading cybersecurity company that protects organizations' greatest assets and biggest risks: their people. Why Proofpoint Today’s cyber attacks target people. Learn about our unique people-centric approach to protection. Careers Stand out and make a difference at one of the world's leading cybersecurity companies. News Center Read the latest press releases, news stories and media highlights about Proofpoint. Privacy and Trust Learn about how we handle data and make commitments to privacy and other regulations. Environmental, Social, and Governance Learn about our people-centric principles and how we implement them to positively impact our global community. Support Access the full range of Proofpoint support services. Proofpoint Trust Your privacy and security are Proofpoint’s business.Over the last several years, many new data protection laws have gone into force across the globe. Proofpoint is dedicated to keeping up with the shifting privacy frameworks as both your partner in security and as a company that processes personal data. As a data processor, Proofpoint is committed to maintaining the privacy, confidentiality, and transparency of the personal data entrusted to us. As a cybersecurity software provider, Proofpoint’s solutions enable you to meet your compliance requirements. November 01, 2022 September 28, 2022 May 15, 2022 I am a CISO Click here to review Trust materials that are of interest to those in the CISO role. Materials include privacy information sheets, policies and procedures, and other informative content. I am in Information Technology Click here to review the Trust materials that are of interest to those in Information Technology. Materials include data privacy information sheets, a list of third-party providers, and other informative content. I am in Procurement Click here to review the Trust materials that are of interest to those in Procurement. Materials include contracts, policies and procedures, and other informative content. I am in Legal / DPO Click here to review the Trust materials that are of interest to those in a Legal / Data Privacy Officer role. Materials include contracts and data processing agreements, data privacy information sheets, and other informative content. Data Processing Agreement (DPA) and Other Important Documents Contracts Click here to access the most commonly requested agreements to create an efficient and straightforward contracting process. Product and Operational Information Legal News and Events Check out the latest legal privacy and security news and upcoming events. Trust Glossary and FAQ's © 2023. All rights reserved. The content on this site is intended for informational purposes only. Last updated July 07, 2023. Questions? If you have any questions, please contact Proofpoint’s Data Protection Team. About Threat Center Products Resources Connect Support © 2023. All rights reserved. Terms and conditions Privacy Policy SitemapProofpoint Privacy Policy Privacy Statement effective as of August 2, 2022 Proofpoint understands the importance of safeguarding your privacy and we take this responsibility very seriously. This Privacy Statement is designed to help you understand how we process personal information, and how you can access and control this data. Proofpoint, Inc., headquartered at 925 W. Maude Ave, Sunnyvale, CA 94085, ( https://www.proofpoint.com/us/leadership-team ) is responsible for the management of the personal data within its organization. Proofpoint offers a range of products and services to customers throughout the world and includes those offered by any of its affiliated companies (collectively "Proofpoint") through its appliable websites (the "Site") or in connection with our products and/or services (the "Proofpoint Service"). Proofpoint is a cybersecurity company specializing in helping organizations protect against advanced cybersecurity threats and compliance risks. The Proofpoint Service resides between the email service provider and customer, acting as a filter to stop harmful content from reaching its customers. Proofpoint is not an email service provider, meaning that we do not provide customers with the ability to send or receive emails. We are also not a domain host and do not manage domain names. Access to the Proofpoint Service is provided to you through an organization with which you are affiliated, such as an employer or school. That organization controls your use of the Proofpoint Service and the data that is transferred to Proofpoint for processing. You may also provide personal information to Proofpoint through use of the Site, blogs, marketing requests, and use of the Proofpoint Service. By proceeding to use the Site and/or the Proofpoint Service, you consent that we may process the personal data that we collect from you in accordance with this Privacy Statement. Information We Collect and How We Use It Proofpoint uses the data we collect through manual and automated methods to protect you and your organization against advanced email threats. This includes: Providing our products, services, and customer support,Improving and enhancing our products and services, including our threat-detection capabilities,Continuing to develop threat intelligence to safeguard your organization’s important information,Advertising and marketing to you and/or representatives at your organization, andDelivering the superior privacy and cybersecurity protection that you expect of Proofpoint. Contact Information You Give Us You may directly give us your contact information in the following ways: (i) if you sign up for a free trial via www.proofpoint.com, (ii) sign up for offers on the Site, (iii) sign up for newsletters, (iv) download white papers from the Site, (v) respond to a promotion offered by a Proofpoint partner, or (vi) send us an email. Such contact information includes first and last name, title, company name, industry type, mailing address, telephone number, fax number, email address and company size (" Contact Information "). We may also collect information about your mailbox size, which will allow us to classify your company by size and provide customized information about implementing the Proofpoint Service within your organization. We may combine your Contact Information with information collected from others to improve the quality and value of the Proofpoint Service and to analyze and understand how our Site is used. We will use the Contact Information provided to us directly by you to: (i) carry out our obligations arising from any contracts between you and Proofpoint; (ii) provide you with the services, products, and/or information which you have requested from us; (iii) notify you about changes to our services or products; and (iv) ensure that content from our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and your device. We may also use your Contact Information to contact you with certain marketing or promotional materials, as well as other information that may be of interest to you. If you no longer consent to our use of your Contact Information to send you our newsletter or other communications, please send us an email stating so to privacy@proofpoint.com or follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications. We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you the Proofpoint Service. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you the Proofpoint Service, please contact us at privacy@proofpoint.com . Please note that we may still retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.Personal Data You Post On Our Blog If you use the blog on this Site, you should be aware that any personal data you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these blogs, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personal data you choose to submit in these blogs. To request removal of your personal data from our blog, contact us at privacy@proofpoint.com . In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal data, in which case we will inform you if we are unable to do so and why. Customer Testimonials We Collect From You We may post customer testimonials/comments/reviews on our Site which may contain personal data. We will not post a testimonial from you without obtaining your prior consent. Log Data and Personal Network Information We Collect From You When you visit the Site, we automatically collect technical and statistical data about your visit, such as your browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data, the pages you visit and any search terms you use (" Log Data" ). We also collect your public IP address when you visit the Site. We may use your public IP address in order to determine whether certain requests are fraudulent or frivolous and we may automatically cross-reference your public IP address with your domain name (usually the domain name of your ISP or employer). Because you may be visiting the Site from your personal residence (for example, because you are telecommuting), your IP address and any associated domain name are treated as " Personal Network Information" instead of Contact Information. "Log Data" does not include Personal Network Information. Although such Personal Network Information may be used to administer and maintain the Site, it is not shared with any third parties, except as described below in the sections titled "Service Providers," "Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement" and "Business Transfers." We will use Log Data for any purpose. We may also use your Log Data and Personal Network Information to: (i) administer our Site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes; (ii) improve our Site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your device; (iii) allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so; and/or (iv) as part of our efforts to keep our Site safe and secure. Legal basis for processing personal information (EEA visitors only) If you are a visitor from the European Economic Area, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will generally collect personal information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the personal information to fulfill contractual obligations for you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Aggregated Information After removing any information that would personally identify you from within the set of Contact Information, Personal Network Information, and Log Data we collect from you, we may combine that information with information we collect from other Proofpoint users and customers (collectively, the " Aggregated Information" ) to improve the quality and value of Proofpoint Services and to analyze and understand how our Site is used. Cookies/Tracking Technologies Proofpoint and our partners, affiliates, analytics, or service providers use cookies and other similar technologies. We use cookies and similar technologies for storing your preferences and settings, enabling user sign in, to pre-fill a contact form should a user engage with Proofpoint marketing collateral, analyzing trends, authentication, administering the site, analyzing how our products perform, and fulfilling other legitimate purposes. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by our analytics or service providers on an anonymous individual as well as aggregated basis. Proofpoint does not use cookies or other similar technologies for targeted advertising. Users can limit and control the data collected by cookies or other similar technologies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our Site may be limited. Behavioral Targeting / Re-Targeting We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our Site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third-party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this Site and other sites to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by going to https://optout.networkadvertising.org (or if located in the European Union please go here https://www.youronlinechoices.eu ). Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads. The Proofpoint Service The Proofpoint Service is designed to protect and secure our customers from malicious attacks such as phishing, targeted impersonation, ransomware, keylogging, and remote access trojans (RATs). The Proofpoint Service employs a variety of techniques such as threat prevention, detection and analysis, fraud prevention, regulatory and compliance archiving, and cyber security awareness training to protect our customers and their data. Depending on the Proofpoint Service, we may process the following types of personal data: user-names, email addresses, IP addresses, phone numbers, message content of an SMS, MMS, or RCS message reported by you as spam, social media account login credentials, and user information such as department, job position and location. Information Sharing and Disclosure Proofpoint may share your personal data with your consent, or to provide the products and services requested by your organization. We may also share information as required by law, to maintain the security of our products and services, and to protect the rights and property of Proofpoint and/or its customers. If you have questions or concerns regarding the information shared as set forth in this Privacy Statement, please contact our Customer Support at privacy@proofpoint.com . Marketing Purposes Where you have consented, we may from time to time share your Contact Information (name, email address, phone number) with our authorized channel partners so that they can provide you with information on goods or services that may be of interest to you. You can, at any time, update your information and/or opt out of receiving such communications by making your choice known on the form on which we collected your data or by filling in your information and modifying " your communication opt out preferences ." Before we share personal information, we enter into written agreements with recipients which contain data protection terms that safeguard your data. Analytics Purposes We may share Aggregated Information (after removing of information that would personally identify you) and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling, and other purposes. Service Providers With your consent, or the consent of the organization through which you are accessing the Proofpoint Service, we may from time to time use certain third-party business partners, suppliers, and sub-contractors (including companies and individuals) to perform services, complete transactions, or provide the Proofpoint Service requested by your affiliated organization. This may include, but not be limited to, website hosting, maintenance services, database management, Web analytics, and improvement of the Site's features (“Service Providers”). These Service Providers have access to your personal data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. Proofpoint, Inc. remains liable under applicable law for the processing of your data. If you further are routed or otherwise make any web-browsing selection that takes you to another party's website, you will be subject to the terms of such third-party privacy statement for any activities that you conduct while on that third-party service. Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement Proofpoint cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with applicable law. We may disclose your personal data to government or law enforcement officials or private parties in response to lawful requests if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation (such as to meet national security or law enforcement requirements) to enforce or apply our terms and conditions or respond to claims and legal process, to protect the property and rights of Proofpoint or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity (including for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction). For further information, please refer to the Information Disclosure Statement maintained on our Trust site . Business Transfers If Proofpoint is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal data, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal data.Access and Control of Your Information Proofpoint is committed to maintaining the privacy and security of personal data entrusted to us. You can control the type of information your share directly with Proofpoint and can request that we stop using or sharing that data by contacting our Customer Support at privacy@proofpoint.com us at the links provided in this Privacy Statement. You have rights to access your personal data under applicable data privacy laws and may correct, amend, or delete the information under certain conditions. Upon request, Proofpoint will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. If you would like to exercise your right to access, correct, update, or delete your information, please contact our Customer Support at privacy@proofpoint.com . We will respond to your request to access within a reasonable timeframe. In some cases, your ability to access or control the personal data may be limited by applicable law, contract, or the product you are using. If you seek to access and control the personal data provided to us by your organization, you may contact us at the links provided in this document or our Trust site, or your affiliated organization (the data controller). Please note that Proofpoint has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes at the direction of the affiliated organization and reserves the right to contact your organization regarding any requests you may submit to Proofpoint to access, control, or delete the data. Data retention Proofpoint retains the personal information it collects from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax, or accounting requirements). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. Security & International Transfer Proofpoint is a multi-national corporation with cross-border technical systems, intra-group relationships and business processes. If you are located outside of the United States and provide personal data to us, Proofpoint may transfer your personal data to the United States and use it there in accordance with this Privacy Statement. Proofpoint employs generally accepted standards of administrative, physical, procedural, and technological measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access, both during transmission and once it is received. If you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at privacy@proofpoint.com . However, please note that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, although Proofpoint complies with its legal obligations in respect of the security of your personal data we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Privacy Shield Proofpoint complies with the principles set forth in the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield, which may be found at https://www.privacyshield.gov/list , but does not rely on the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework as the legal basis for transfers of personal data. Proofpoint has always included the Standard Contractual Clauses (SCCs) in its standard data processing agreement as its primary data transfer mechanism and we will continue to rely on the SCCs as a legal basis for transferring personal data to and processing such data in the US. Proofpoint’s data privacy agreement, including the SCCs, can be found on Proofpoint’s Trust Site . With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, Proofpoint, Inc. may be subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, Proofpoint, Inc. may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request . Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint , you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. Links to Other Sites Our Site contains links to other websites. If you click on a third-party link you will be directed to that third party's website. We do not exercise control over third-party websites.These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personally identifiable information from you. This Privacy Statement addresses the use and disclosure of information that we collect from you through this Site. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personally identifiable information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit. The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement, authorization, or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. Social Media Widgets Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing it. Our Policy Toward Children This Site is not directed to children under 18. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personal or contact information without their consent, he or she should contact us at privacy@proofpoint.com . If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we will delete such information from our files immediately. Proofpoint's Trust Site Proofpoint is committed to the security and privacy of personal data. We maintain a Trust site at https://www.proofpoint.com/legal/trust where additional information about the security measures and procedures applicable to each Proofpoint Service may be found. Proofpoint’s customers will also find on the Trust site a GDPR data processing agreement (including the EU’s Standard Contractual Clauses) for review, download and execution. Contacting Us If you have any enquires or complaints about how we use your personal data, please contact us at: Proofpoint, Inc. Attn: Data Privacy Officer 925 W. Maude Ave. Sunnyvale, CA 94085 In the EU, the data controller of your personal information is Proofpoint Limited, which is registered with the Information Commissioner’s Office in the UK. You may also make an anonymous report by using the EthicsPoint hotline , which is hosted on EthicsPoint's secure servers and is not part of the Proofpoint, Inc. website or intranet. Changes to this Privacy Statement We may modify this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect changes to our information practices, so please check back frequently. Any changes to this Privacy Statement will be posted on this page, and, where appropriate (for example, if there are material changes to this statement), we will notify you by email or by means of a notice on our home page. In this statement, "using" and "processing" information includes using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including without limitation collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally. © 2023. All rights reserved. The content on this site is intended for informational purposes only. Last updated May 08, 2023. About Threat Center Products Resources Connect Support © 2023. All rights reserved. Terms and conditions Privacy Policy Sitemap