Help Center ResourcesNew user FAQGlossaryA safer TwitterAccessibilityOur rulesMy privacyHow we address misinformation on TwitterPeriscope FAQs Periscope FAQs Periscope FAQs Soon, we’re making changes to the broadcasts we store. If you have broadcasts recorded through Twitter or Periscope, we encourage you to download them soon or risk losing them. For more info on what changes we’re making or how to download your broadcasts, read below. Periscope apps are no longer live as of March 31, 2021. We’ve sunset the Periscope iOS and Android apps as of March 31, 2021 as we discussed here . You will not be able to create a new account, broadcast live, or purchase coins. Thank you for being a vibrant part of our Periscope community. We look forward to having you join the conversation on Twitter. What are the available options for live broadcast on Twitter? People can broadcast on Twitter using Twitter Live within compose by selecting the in-app camera icon. Additionally, brands, publishers and creators can go live on Twitter by using Media Studio . Can I link my Periscope account to Twitter? You can no longer link a Periscope account to Twitter. If you do not have a Twitter account, you will need to create one. Can I download an archive of my Periscope broadcasts and data? Soon, we’ll be making changes to how we store broadcasts. For a limited time you can download your Periscope broadcasts here . You can also download your broadcasts on Twitter via your Twitter data archive which can be found in the settings of your Twitter account. How do I download my broadcasts? To download your Periscope broadcasts: Log into your Periscope account on the web and visit the download dashboard page Select Send Data Request below the first of three dots you’ll see at the top of the dashboard Once your request is complete, scroll down to see a list of your broadcasts Click the Download button next to any broadcast you wish to download locally to your computer. Note: The Download links are valid for 7 days. Once the links expire, you can click Send Data Request again, which will include your most recent data. To download your Twitter broadcasts: Log into your Twitter account From the nav menu select Settings and Privacy Navigate to Your Account and select Download an archive of your Data Select Request Archive Note: Once the request has been received it may take 24 hours or longer for Twitter to send you the ZIP file containing your data. What happened to the Super Broadcaster Program? The Super Broadcaster program has ended. The ability to purchase coins for tipping favorite broadcasters is also unavailable. Thank you to the creators who made this a vibrant community throughout its duration. I am a Super Broadcaster. What should I do with my stars? You should request to cash out all your stars before April 30, 2021. Read more on the Super Broadcaster program here . I am not a Super Broadcaster yet, but I meet the criteria to apply, what should I do? The Super Broadcaster program has ended and new applications are no longer being accepted. What are my options if I have coins I haven’t used yet? Following the sunset of Live broadcasts on March 31, 2021, the ability to use coins to send Super Hearts to your favorite broadcasters is no longer available. Will my periscope followers be transferred over to my Twitter Account? We don't automatically transfer followers from your Periscope account to your Twitter account. Followers will have to manually re-follow you on Twitter. Will third party applications still be able to stream via API to Twitter Live? Yes, streaming via third-party API apps will work on Twitter. Share this article Tweet © 2023 X Corp. Help Center By using Twitter’s services you agree to our Cookies Use . We use cookies for purposes including analytics, personalisation, and ads.