 USA & Canada: 800-933-1517  International: 626-549-2801  Email: sales@psychz.net Terms of Service Psychz Networks is based out of Los Angeles, California where we own and operate our facility and network. Psychz Networks has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: www.psychz.net We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and save your password, so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site. This site contains links to other sites. Psychz Networks is not responsible, nor can it be held liable for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. We will not disclose or distribute your information to or with any third parties for whichever purpose it may be. Never will any third party consciously gain access to your personal information. Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information collected is used to check the users' qualifications and bill the user for products and services. Public Forums This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information disclosed in these areas becomes public information, and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. Security This site has security measures to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. We have excellent anti-hacking software in place purchased from third parties or programmed by our in-house developers. There is hardly any risk of data being compromised or accessed by any unauthorized parties. Choice/Opt-Out Our site allows users to opt-out of receiving communications from our partners and us when we request information about the visitor. This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database not to receive future communications or to no longer receive our service. You can send an email to sales@psychz.net Correct/Update This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided. Email : sales@psychz.net Psychz Networks, A Profuse Solutions Company 611 Wilshire Blvd #300 Los Angeles, California 90017 USA US/Canada: 800-933-1517 International: 626-549-2801 This website stores data such as cookies to enable essential site functionality and marketing, personalization, and analytics. By remaining on this website, you indicate your consent.