Pulsed Media Privacy Policy Contents General description of privacy policyGeneral philosophy of privacyCookiesE-Mail Retention General description of privacy policy Pulsed Media privacy policy is quite simple: Protecting customer privacy is of utmost importanceCustomer data is customer's data: No "peeking" , logging, or otherwise checking customer data contents without a strong reason (administrative, or technical).Abide by Finnish and EU laws relating to customer privacy, customer data. Including retention and protection policies of Finnish & European laws.We will not retain customer data information (what is stored in the service by customer).Cooperate with authorities only as required and permitted by the Finnish law. These privacy policies may change from time to time without separate notice. You can see history of the changes on this page. General philosophy of privacy Here at Pulsed Media customer privacy is very highly respected and protected . The main philosophy is that customer data and information is theirs, not ours and we do not even want to know of what is stored, or any other information which is considered private unless we are required to . We consider data you store to our servers to be your private information, and looking into that would be like looking at your home computer hard drive: Not our business! . We are required to gather certain details, and retain those details of all customers however, commonly for accounting and tax purposes (Country, name, mailing address). Cookies For some features cookies are a must, but their usage has been minimized to the bare essential requirements such as user sessions and other security related things. Without these, for example billing, would not be accessible. Some sections of our services use 3rd party site analytics and these entail some cookies, these are considered essential. E-Mail Retention Emails from our billing system are retained for 3 years maximum and emails older than 3 years are automatically cleaned from the production billing database. Navigation menu Views Personal tools Navigation Search Tools This page was last edited on 25 May 2023, at 14:38.