Your Privacy Choices Table of Contents Effective Date : April 21, 2023 Opt-Out Rights As further described in the Quantcast Products and Services Privacy Policy and the Quantcast Website and Corporate Privacy Policy , under applicable law, you may have the following rights in relation to your personal information: Right to object (marketing): The right to object to the processing of your personal information for direct marketing purposes at any time. Right to object (legitimate interests): The right to object to the processing of your personal information where we process it on the basis of our legitimate interests.Right to restrict processing: The right, in certain cases, to temporarily restrict the processing of your personal information by us, provided there are valid grounds for doing so. Right to withdraw your consent: The right to withdraw the consent you have provided at any time, where we process your personal information on the basis of your consent.Right to opt out of certain uses or disclosures of your personal information, including the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information and the use of your personal information for “targeted advertising” (as these terms are defined under applicable law). Quantcast provides the ability to exercise these rights by giving you the opt-out options described below. We offer cookie-based and cookieless opt-out methods that allow you to exercise the above-listed rights. Both of these methods are specific to the browser you are using; that means that you must opt-out separately in every browser that you use. Additionally, your device and/or app settings and features may allow you to exercise certain choices and legal rights. Cookie-Based Web Browser Opt-Out The opt-out below will set an opt-out cookie in your web browser. Later, when you are on other websites using this same browser profile and we see the opt-out cookie, we will know the selection you have made and will act accordingly. Important things to know about the cookie-based opt-out for web browsers: This opt-out will stop our services from collecting and using personal information linked to your browser for interest-based advertising purposesYou will still continue to see ads after opting out, but they may be less relevant to you If your opt-out cookie is deleted or blocked, we will no longer be able to see your selection and you will need to set your cookie preferences again If you use different browsers, browser profiles, or devices, you will have to opt out separately on those since we are not able to access the opt-out cookie across different browsers or devices This opt-out is for web browsers, not mobile apps or video or game platforms; see below for additional details This opt-out is also not for audience matched advertising that uses identifiers based on email addresses, phone numbers, or other direct identifiers; see below for additional detailsThis opt-out will not unsubscribe you from Quantcast’s marketing emails; see the Quantcast Website and Corporate Privacy Policy to learn more about your email marketing choices This opt out will not affect your Consent Management Platform (CMP) selections. A CMP is a process, usually a pop-up, that a website/digital property uses to assist them in managing users’ privacy preferences in relation to cookies and to help them meet their transparency obligations under data protection and privacy laws. When a user visits a website and is presented with banners, pop-ups, or sliders to manage their cookie preferences, these options are often being managed using a CMP. Cookieless Web Browser Opt-Out If you disable cookies in your browser, or use a browser that does not allow cookies, we cannot associate your opt-out selection with cookies. Instead, we associate your opt-out selection with a unique identifier based on your device’s IP address and other information about your device, and we will stop collecting and using personal information from your device for interest-based advertising purposes based on the IP address-based identifier. Your IP address may change over time or as you move between networks (e.g., between home and office). When your browser moves to a new IP address, it will have a new IP-based identifier. Your previous opt-out selections will not be associated with the new IP-based identifier.We will collect and use personal information for interest-based advertising purposes based on the new IP address-based identifier until you opt-out from the new IP address. Important things to know about the cookieless opt-out for web browsers This opt-out will stop our services from collecting and using personal information linked to your web browser for interest-based advertising purposesYou will continue to still see ads after opting out, but they may be less relevant to you, If you use different browsers, browser profiles, or devices, you will have to opt out separately on those, since the IP address-based identifier would be different for each one Because our opt-out is based on your device’s IP address and other information about your device, if that information changes, the identifier we use will change and an opt-out from a previous identifier will not be applied to the new IP address until you opt-out from the new IP address This opt-out is for web browsers, not mobile apps or video or game platforms; see below for additional detailsThis opt-out is also not for audience matched advertising that uses identifiers based on email addresses, phone numbers, or other direct identifiers; see below for additional detailsThis opt-out will not unsubscribe you from Quantcast’s marketing emails; see the Quantcast Website and Corporate Privacy Policy to learn more about your email marketing choices This opt out will not affect your Consent Management Platform (CMP) selections. A CMP is a process, usually a pop-up, that a website/digital property uses to assist them in managing users’ preferences and to help them meet their transparency obligations under data protection and privacy laws. When a user visits a website and is presented with banners, pop-ups or sliders to manage their cookie preferences, these options are often being managed using a CMP. In addition to the cookieless opt-out described above, in order to meet our obligations under applicable law, we follow a strict data minimization process. Specifically, we use each IP address-based identifier for a maximum of 30 days. After that time, we create a different identifier, which we do not link to the previous identifier. Data is retained with the prior identifier for up to 30 additional days for security and anti-fraud purposes. Therefore, if you wish for Quantcast to stop processing personal information it has about you in association with an IP-address based identifier, such processing will cease within 30 days for all purposes except security and anti-fraud, which will cease after 60 days. Additional Web Browser Opt-Out Options Industry Web Browser Opt-Outs You may opt out of interest-based advertising from certain companies by using one or more of the following industry opt-out pages: in Europe: https://youronlinechoices.com/ Please note that the list of industry opt-out tools above is not intended to be exhaustive and there may be a different opt-out tool/consumer choice mechanism available in your country/region. Please also note that not all companies that participate in industry opt-out options offer a cookieless opt-out option at this time. Global Privacy Control Depending on your U.S. state or country of residence, you can also use certain preference signals to exercise your sale and sharing opt-out rights automatically with all businesses that you interact with online, including Quantcast. If you enable a browser-based opt-out preference signal that complies with applicable law, such as the Global Privacy Control (GPC), upon receipt or detection, we will treat the signal as a valid request to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information linked to that browser and any consumer profile we have associated with that browser. Please note that if you use different browsers or browser profiles, you will have to enable the signal on each one that you use. Web Browser Opt-Outs using Consent Management Platforms Quantcast has integrated with IAB Europe’s TCF v2 and, where website publishers have implemented TCF-compliant Consent Management Platforms (CMPs) on their properties, users are able to manage their choices with respect to the processing of personal information collected on the website through the CMPs on the relevant website. Screenshot examples of a CMP are below for illustrative purposes. A user can opt out by moving the toggle to the appropriate setting. In the first example, a user can opt out by moving the toggle to the right, in which case the toggle will indicate that the user has opted out by turning red and displaying an “x”. In the second example, the user can opt out by moving the toggle to the left, in which case the toggle will be changed to “off.” Non-Web Browser Opt-Outs: Mobile Devices, TVs, and Other Device s Both the cookie-based and cookieless opt-out options described above work with web browsers only.Though different browsers have different privacy settings, the underlying technology is similar from one browser to the next. For mobile devices, TVs, streaming boxes, game consoles, etc., every manufacturer chooses their own approach; it is not standardised. Moreover, different apps on those platforms might have their own privacy settings. To learn more about exercising your choices across the devices and platforms you use, see the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) web page , which provides some additional information (though, we are not responsible for that content). Until there is better standardization on these platforms, your most reliable source is the documentation for your device(s) and/or app(s). Mobile Devices Regarding mobile devices (e.g.,iOS or Android phones and tablets), please note the following: In web browsers on those devices, the browser-specific opt-out mechanisms described above applyFor mobile apps, because we are unable to set an opt-out cookie that we can access across different apps, you will need to consult your device’s settings for instructions on how to manage your privacy and advertising choices. TVs and Other Devices As with mobile devices, there is not currently a standardised type of opt-out. You should check your device settings and documentation for details. Additionally, particular apps on TVs or gaming devices might offer their own privacy settings. Again, check their settings and documentation for details. Opt-Out of Sharing Location Information Some devices, particularly mobile devices, offer specific settings that control the sharing of location information. Check your devices’ and apps’ privacy settings and documentation for details. Opt-Out of Email-Based Matched Advertising Some companies, with appropriate permissions, might use your email address to create an identifier that can be matched across websites, apps, and devices and used for interest-based advertising purposes. The Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) has a web-based tool (available here ) that allows users to opt out of participating members’ use of their email addresses for advertising purposes. Additional Data Subject Rights Depending on your U.S. state or country of residence, you may have the right to exercise additional privacy choices and legal rights with respect to your personal information under applicable law, as described below. You can exercise these rights at the Quantcast Data Subject Rights page. Right of access The right to request access to your personal information and receive a copy of certain information, including the categories of your personal information we collect and disclose. Right of rectification/correction The right to request that we rectify (or correct) inaccurate personal information about you. In practice, if you seek to exercise your right of rectification/correction, due to the limited personal information we process about you, we satisfy this right by providing you with the option to request deletion of your personal data. Right of erasure/deletion The right, in certain cases, to request that we delete your personal information, provided there are valid grounds for doing so and subject to applicable law. Right to data portability In certain circumstances, the right to receive a copy of your personal information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to transmit such information to another controller US Residents Do Not Sell My Personal Information We do not sell or share personal information collected as part of our Products and Services in ways that may constitute “sales” or “sharing” under certain U.S. state privacy laws (see [link to Products and Services Privacy Policy]). We may share personal information about visitors to the Quantcast.com domain with our analytics and advertising partners in ways that may constitute “sales” or “sharing” under certain U.S. state privacy laws. Depending on your U.S. state of residence, you may have the right to opt out of personal information “sales” or “sharing” and “targeted advertising” (as these terms are defined under applicable law) by Quantcast. If you enable the Global Privacy Control (GPC) browser-based opt-out preference signal, upon receipt or detection, we will treat the signal as a valid request and respond to it appropriately according to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). Please note that if you use different browsers or browser profiles, you will have to enable the signal on each one that you use. Additional Data Subject Rights Depending on your U.S.state of residence, you may have the right to exercise additional privacy choices and legal rights with respect to your personal information under applicable law, including: Right of accessRight of rectification/correctionRight of erasure/deletionRight to data portability See Additional Data Subject Rights above. European Economic Area, United Kingdom, and Switzerland Residents Additional Data Subject Rights Depending on your country of residence, you may have the right to exercise additional privacy choices and legal rights with respect to your personal information under applicable law, including: Right of accessRight of rectification/correctionRight of erasure/deletionRight to data portability See Additional Data Subject Rights above. More Information To learn more about our information handling and privacy practices and how to exercise your choices and legal rights, please review the Quantcast Products and Services Privacy Policy and the Quantcast Website and Corporate Privacy Policy . Your Privacy Choices Twitter (External link) LinkedIn (External link) FaceBook (External link) Instagram (External link)Products and Services Privacy Policy Index Other Legal Pages Effective date: April 19, 2023 Capitalised terms used in this Products and Services Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) are defined in Key Terms unless otherwise defined herein. Who we are and what we do Quantcast (“ we ”, “ our ”, or “ us ”) is a global digital advertising technology group of companies. Quantcast offers products and services that help digital advertisers and publishers (collectively, “ Clients ”) understand and grow their audiences (the “ Solutions ”). Through Quantcast Advertise Solutions, advertiser Clients can plan, activate, and measure the performance of their advertising campaigns seamlessly in a single audience platform, which helps them to place their ads to maximise results. Through Quantcast Measure Solutions, digital publisher Clients leverage insights to better understand the makeup of their audiences, how audiences spend their time across their digital properties, and what audiences care about, all of which help these digital businesses better connect their content and Audiences with the right advertising. To provide the Solutions, Quantcast collects and uses Personal Information for various purposes, such as measuring and understanding audiences, targeting and delivering ads, measuring ad performance, and similar related purposes. As described in the “ Information Collection ” section below, we may join or match Personal Information about you, which may include your Online Data from your visits across different digital properties, like websites or mobile apps, that have implemented Quantcast Pixels, Tags or SDKs (which is sometimes called “tracking” in the industry) or Offline Data . This allows us, for example, to enrich our existing data sets and provide meaningful reports for our Clients regarding the effectiveness of their ads or content. We may also combine Personal Information that we collect in order to probabilistically link media consumption to a single user, which is sometimes called Cross-Media Matching/Linking . To the extent that we combine Personal Information that we collect from and about you in connection with our performance of the Solutions, we will use such combined information only as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy describes in more detail how we collect, use, disclose, and protect Personal Information , otherwise obtain and Process it in connection with the delivery of the Solutions, and the controls we provide you to manage such information and exercise your choices and legal rights .As noted in the “ Information use and legal basis ” section below, we use the CTransparency and Consent Framework (“ TCF ”) standard to facilitate compliance with applicable laws in Europe, primarily in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“ GDPR ”). Because the TCF is one means of explaining Processing activities, and because our Processing activities are consistent globally, the TCF Purposes are applicable to all Personal Information , that we Process (regardless of the information’s country of origin). In the United States, the Solutions are provided by Quantcast Corporation, located at 795 Folsom Street, San Francisco, CA 94107. Personal Information relating to individuals located within the United States provided to or gathered by us in connection with the delivery of the Solutions is controlled by Quantcast Corporation. Outside of the United States, the Solutions are provided by Quantcast International Limited, located at Beaux Lane House, Lower Mercer Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. In so far as Quantcast acts as a “controller” (as defined under applicable law), Quantcast International Limited is the controller of your Personal Information if you reside in the European Economic Area (EEA), United Kingdom (UK), Switzerland, or any other jurisdiction outside of the United States. Scope of this Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy covers Quantcast’s use of Personal Information for the Solutions only. This Privacy Policy does not cover: Quantcast’s privacy management products, which include our TCF consent management platform (“CMP”), Quantcast Choice. For more information about Quantcast Choice, please click here . Personal Information collected from our website, www.quantcast.com, except to the extent that we use our own Solutions on our website. It also does not pertain to the collection and use of Personal Information in connection with our corporate functions, such as marketing, recruiting, people management, business-to-business communications, and so forth. For our privacy policy relating to our website and our corporate functions, please click here . Any third parties’ handling of Personal Information , unless explicitly stated otherwise.We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other companies that you engage or interact with to understand their information handling and privacy practices. We use some phrases in this Privacy Policy that are unique to our business and/or the digital advertising industry. For a list of defined terms that you should familiarise yourself with to make it easier to review this Privacy Policy, please review the Key Terms . California Notice at Collection : We collect the categories of Personal Information listed in the “ Categories of personal information collected ” subsection of the “ California privacy rights ” section below. As further described in the “ Information use and legal basis ” section below, we collect this information in order to deliver the Solutions and conduct our business. To learn more, please see the “ California privacy rights ” section. Self-regulatory standards Quantcast supports and participates in several digital advertising self-regulatory organisations, as further described below. We are members in good standing of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adhere to the NAI 2020 Code of Conduct . We participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) and adhere to the DAA Self-Regulatory Principles .We participate in the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) and are certified under the EDAA Principles . We participate in, and comply with, the policies and technical specifications of the TCF , as a vendor. Quantcast’s IAB Europe-assigned identification numbers are CMP ID #10 (Quantcast Choice) and Vendor ID #11. Please see the “ Your choices and legal rights ” section of this Privacy Policy for more information about the opt-out tools offered by the NAI, DAA, and EDAA. Do Not Track (“ DNT ”) is a preference that you can set in certain web browsers to inform the websites you visit that you do not want information about your online activity collected over time and across third-party websites or online services. We do not honor DNT or other similar signals at this time, due to the lack of a clear industry standard. Information collection We collect or receive Personal Information about or relating to you in various ways, including from digital properties, like websites, mobile apps, and other sources of digital content. Details about the categories of Personal Information we collect and receive, the source or manner in which we obtain each category of Personal Information , the purpose(s) for which we Process each category of Personal Information , and the retention period for each category of Personal Information we Process can be found in the table below. As described in the “ Who we are and what we do ” section, where applicable the Processing purposes identified in the table below are tied to the TCF Purposes outlined in the “ Information use and legal basis ” section. Pseudonymous Identifiers unique values that distinguish your browser profile(s) or device(s). Examples include a Cookie ID , device IP Address or other Device Identifiers or Device Configuration/Information . Usually generated when Pixels, Tags, or SDKs are loaded by a Client on its digital property (i.e., website, mobile app, or device) and sends information to us. Different kinds of Pixels, Tags, or SDKs are used for different purposes, but the types of information generated are the same. Such information may also be received through a server- to- server connection, such as when receiving a Bid Request . Store and/or access information on a device ( TCF Purpose 1) Cookie life span is up to 13 months each time it’s reset Select basic ads ( TCF Purpose 2) Up to 30 days Create personalised ads profile ( TCF Purpose 3) Up to 30 days Select personalised ads ( TCF Purpose 4) Up to 13 months Measure ad performance ( TCF Purpose 7) Up to 13 months Measure content performance ( TCF Purpose 8) Up to 13 months Apply market research to generate audience insights ( TCF Purpose 9) Up to 13 months Develop and improve products ( TCF Purpose 10) Up to 13 months Ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug ( TCF Special Purpose 1) Up to 13 months Technically deliver ads or content ( TCF Special Purpose 2) Up to 30 days Matching and combining offline data sources (TCF Feature 1) The retention period will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued Linking different devices (TCF Feature 2) The retention period will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued Receiving and using automatically sent device characteristics for identification (TCF Feature 3) The retention period will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued Recording consent choices made by users Up to 30 days Imprecise/Approximate Location Information : The time zone and approximate geolocation (e.g., postal code or city) of your device.Inferred or derived by Quantcast from your device’s IP Address or included in Bid Requests . Select basic ads ( TCF Purpose 2) Up to 30 days Create personalised ads profile ( TCF Purpose 3) Up to 30 days Select personalised ads ( TCF Purpose 4) Up to 30 days Measure ad performance ( TCF Purpose 7) Up to 30 days Measure content performance ( TCF Purpose 8) Up to 30 days Apply market research to generate audience insights ( TCF Purpose 9) Up to 30 days Develop and improve products ( TCF Purpose 10) Up to 30 days Ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug ( TCF Special Purpose 1) Up to 30 days Matching and combining offline data sources (TCF Feature 1) The retention period will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued Linking different devices (TCF Feature 2) The retention period will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued Receiving and using automatically sent device characteristics for identification (TCF Feature 3) The retention period will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued Generated when Pixels, Tags or SDKs , installed by a Client on its digital property, loads and sends information to us. Different kinds of Pixels, Tags or SDKs are used for different purposes, but the types of information generated are the same. Create personalised ads profile ( TCF Purpose 3) Up to 30 days Measure ad performance ( TCF Purpose 7) Up to 13 months Measure content performance ( TCF Purpose 8) Up to 13 months Apply market research to generate audience insights ( TCF Purpose 9) Up to 13 months Develop and improve products ( TCF Purpose 10) Up to 13 months Ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug ( TCF Special Purpose 1) Up to 13 months Technically deliver ads or content ( TCF Special Purpose 2) Up to 30 days Linking different devices (TCF Feature 2) The retention period will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued Receiving and using automatically sent device characteristics for identification (TCF Feature 3) The retention period will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued Bid Request Data An offer from a digital publisher, like a website or mobile app owner, to show an ad on their property. Bid Request Data includes information about your visit to the publisher’s digital property, which helps us understand where an ad will be displayed, Device Information , and who might see it. Bid Request Data also commonly includes a Pseudonymous Identifier (if available), the content that the ad would serve into, the type of device the ad would be served on, the Imprecise/Approximate Location Information of the device, the size of the ad, and consent information. Because Bid Requests include information about the content you are visiting, over time, accumulated Bid Requests may show your browsing behavior. Received from a digital publisher. Select basic ads ( TCF Purpose 2) Up to 30 days Create personali ads profile ( TCF Purpose 3) Up to 30 days Select personalised ads ( TCF Purpose 4) Up to 13 months Measure ad performance ( TCF Purpose 7) Up to 13 months Apply market research to generate audience insights ( TCF Purpose 9) Up to 45 days Develop and improve products ( TCF Purpose 10) Up to 45 days Ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug ( TCF Special Purpose 1) Up to 45 days Technically deliver ads or content ( TCF Special Purpose 2) Up to 30 days Linking different devices (TCF Feature 2) The retention period will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued Receiving and using automatically sent device characteristics for identification (TCF Feature 3) The retention period will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued Imported Data (Client) : Pseudonymised Information , which may include Online Data , and/or Offline Data that may be apportioned by Browsing Data , Attributes , Segments , Label Data and Interests .Uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via an Application Programming Interface (“ API ”) by a particular Client for use on its behalf. Create personalised ads profile ( TCF Purpose 3) Up to 30 days Select personalised ads ( TCF Purpose 4) Up to 30 days Apply market research to generate audience insights ( TCF Purpose 9) Up to 30 days Develop and improve products ( TCF Purpose 10) Up to 30 days Ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug ( TCF Special Purpose 1) Up to 30 days Uploaded to the Quantcast platform or provided to us via an API by third-party Data Management Platforms or Data Providers . Create personalised ads profile ( TCF Purpose 3) Up to 30 days Select personalised ads ( TCF Purpose 4) Up to 30 days Apply market research to generate audience insights ( TCF Purpose 9) Up to 30 days Develop and improve products ( TCF Purpose 10) Up to 30 days Ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug ( TCF Special Purpose 1) Up to 30 days Inferences/Inferred Data Information drawn from the above-listed categories of information (i.e., Event Data , Bid Request Data , Imported Data (Client) , and Imported Data (Third Party/Segment) ). We may, for example, use information that we have collected to infer your interests, age, gender, marital status, or income range. These Inferences may include Interests and Attributes . Derived by Quantcast from previously collected Event Data , Bid Request Data , Imported Data (Client) , and/or Imported Data (Third Party/Segment) . Create personalised ads profile ( TCF Purpose 3) Up to 30 days Select personalised ads ( TCF Purpose 4) Up to 30 days Measure ad performance ( TCF Purpose 7) Up to 13 months Measure content performance ( TCF Purpose 8) Up to 30 days Apply market research to generate audience insights ( TCF Purpose 9) Up to 13 months Develop and improve products ( TCF Purpose 10) Up to 13 months Ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug ( TCF Special Purpose 1) Up to 13 months Training Data : Pseudonymous Information used to improve Quantcast’s algorithms and measure how well they are working. Received from third-party data providers and matched to Pseudonymous Identifiers . Create personalised ads profile ( TCF Purpose 3) Up to 30 days Measure content performance ( TCF Purpose 8) Up to 30 days Apply market research to generate audience insights ( TCF Purpose 9) Up to 30 days Develop and improve products ( TCF Purpose 10) Up to 30 days Ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug ( TCF Special Purpose 1) Up to 30 days Information you provide : This may include your contact details, (e.g., name, email address, or phone number) and any commentary or other information you provide when you contact Quantcast. Provided by you when you contact Quantcast. Carrying out our legitimate business purposes. Retention Period: 18 months Additionally, any of the categories of Personal Information described above may be Processed for the following purposes. Establishing, bringing, or defending against complaints, legal claims (including threatened or anticipated legal claims), and regulatory inquiries Categories of Personal Information and associated retention periods are determined by the underlying purpose for which the Personal Information is Processed . Responding to legal requests Complying with relevant laws and regulations Conducting research Hosting of Personal Information for above-listed purposes Technically, all Personal Information is Processed in the course of being hosted on a server or in cloud computing service. Retention periods for each category of Personal Information Processed are disclosed above. Sensitive information : We generally do not seek or permit sensitive Personal Information (e.g., information revealing an individual’s racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership; genetic or biometric data that is Processed for the purpose of uniquely identifying an individual; information concerning an individual’s health, sex life, or sexual orientation; and information relating to criminal convictions and offenses) to be used in the Solutions. Please note that where we Process any of your sensitive Personal Information , we seek to ensure that you have provided consent for such processing and/or otherwise Process such information in accordance with applicable laws and rules. Children’s information : We do not seek or permit Personal Information from children under the age of 16. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information , that parent or guardian should contact us at privacy [at] quantcast [dot] com.If we become aware that a child has provided us with Personal Information , we will take all reasonable steps to delete such information from our files. Contractual commitments from our Clients and third-party Data Providers : We contractually require other companies that provide or make available to us Personal Information to take steps to ensure that we can lawfully Process such information, which include: (i) posting complete and accurate privacy policies that comply with applicable laws and rules and describe their Personal Information collection, use, and disclosure practices; (ii) obtaining all legally-required consents and necessary permissions; and (iii) providing individuals with appropriate choices and the ability to opt out of the Processing of their Personal Information , where necessary or appropriate. Information use and legal basis As described in the “ Who we are and what we do ” section, we generally use the TCF as the mechanism for describing our Processing activities, and in Europe specifically for establishing our legal basis for Processing and managing users’ preferences for online personalised advertising and related activities. The TCF is designed to allow a digital business to present information and choices to users on its website relating to the Processing of their Personal Information . We Process Personal Information for the purposes for which it was collected or provided to us. The table below describes the specific purposes for which we Process the Personal Information we collect or otherwise obtain about you. This table includes: the purposes for which Quantcast Processes Personal Information (which are tied to the defined purposes for Processing , special purposes, and features set forth in the TCF Policies and official technical documentation disseminated by IAB Europe where applicable), a description of each Processing activity using TCF -specific terminology (to the extent applicable), and the legal basis that we rely on to perform each of our Processing activities. Please note that in Europe, where we indicate that “Legitimate Interests” in accordance with the GDPR is the legal basis for Processing , we carry out the Processing in reliance on our legitimate interests or those of a third party (e.g., our Clients), provided that such interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Storing and/or accessing information on a device ( TCF Purpose 1) Cookies , Device Identifiers , or other information more fully described in association with the purposes below can be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes presented to you. Consent Selecting basic ads ( TCF Purpose 2) Ads can be shown to you based on the content you’re viewing, the app you’re using, your device’s Imprecise/Approximate Location Information , or your device type. When selecting basic ads, Quantcast will: Use real-time information about the context in which the ad will be shown, including information about the content and your device, such as: device type and capabilities, User Agent , URL , and IP Address Use your device’s Imprecise/Approximate Location Information Control the frequency of ads shown to youSequence the order in which ads are shown to youPrevent an ad from serving in an unsuitable editorial (brand-unsafe) context Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the TCF . Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the Processing to help our advertiser Clients meet their objectives of finding new customers and growing their brands through the delivery of relevant ads. Creating a personalised ads profile ( TCF Purpose 3) A profile can be built about you and your Interests to show you personalised ads that are relevant to you. To create or edit a profile for use in personalised advertising, Quantcast will: Collect information about you, including your activity, visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media, or Imprecise/Approximate Location Information Aggregate Attributes and Interests and Panel -based demographic information, Combine information with other information previously collected, including from across websites or mobile apps or streaming media Consent Selecting personalised ads ( TCF Purpose 4) When serving personalised ads, Quantcast will select personalised ads based on Personal Information collected from or about you, such as your prior activity, Interests , visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media, Imprecise/Approximate Location Information , demographic information or Inferences . Consent Measuring ad performance ( TCF Purpose 7) Quantcast will measure the performance and effectiveness of ads that you see or interact with.In particular, to measure whether and how ads were delivered to you and how you interacted with them, Quantcast will: Provide reporting to Clients about ads, including their effectiveness and performanceProvide reporting to Clients about your interactions with ads using data observed during your interaction with the adProvide reporting to Clients about the ads displayed on their propertiesMeasure whether an ad is serving in a suitable editorial environment (brand-safe) contextDetermine the percentage of the ad that had the opportunity to be seen and the duration of that opportunity Combine this information with other information previously collected, including from across websites or mobile apps or streaming media In the provision of the Solutions to some Clients, Quantcast may correlate information between entries within its own datasets that have the same Pseudonymous Identifier or with information obtained from Ad Serving, Ad Verification, or Data Management Platforms/Data Providers . We do this to provide aggregated reporting to Clients about the number of visitors to their digital properties. Quantcast does not apply Panel or similarly derived Audience Insights data to ad measurement data without a separate legal basis to apply market research to generate Audience Insights . Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the TCF . Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the Processing to help our advertiser Clients meet their objective of ascertaining, measuring, and improving the effectiveness of their ad campaigns. Measuring content performance ( TCF Purpose 8) The performance and effectiveness of content that you see or interact with can be measured. To measure content performance, Quantcast will: Measure and report to Clients on how content was delivered to and interacted with by youProvide reporting to Clients, using directly measurable or known information about your interactions with the contentCombine this information with other information previously collected, including from across visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the TCF . Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the Processing to help our Clients meet their objective of executing their digital content strategies more effectively. Applying market research to generate Audience Insights ( TCF Purpose 9) Market research can be used to learn more about the Audiences who visit websites/mobile apps and view ads. To generate Audience Insights , Quantcast will: Provide aggregate reporting to advertisers or their representatives (such as advertising agencies) about the Audiences reached by their ads, through Panel -based and similarly derived insightsProvide aggregate reporting to Clients about the Audiences that were served or interacted with content and/or ads on their properties by applying Panel -based and similarly derived insights Associate Offline Data with you for the purposes of market research to generate Audience Insights (if we have declared that we will match and combine Offline Data sources)Combine this information with other information previously collected, including from visits to websites or mobile apps or streaming media Consent or Legitimate Interests, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the TCF . Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the Processing to help our Clients meet their objectives of finding new customers and growing their brands through the delivery of relevant ads and/or executing their digital content strategies more effectively. Developing and improving products ( Purpose 10 TCF ) Your information can be used to improve Quantcast’s existing systems and software and to develop new products. To develop and improve its products, Quantcast will: Use information to improve its existing products with new features and to develop new productsCreate new models and algorithms through machine learning For example, Quantcast matches its datasets with Training Data , which usually includes Event Data , Bid Request Data , Imported Data (Client) , and/or Imported Data (Third Party/Segment) . Quantcast primarily uses Training Data to train its algorithms how to infer individuals’ Attributes and Interests in the context of the Solutions. Consent or Legitimate Interest, depending on the choice of the Client that is using the TCF . Where we rely on Legitimate Interests, we carry out the Processing to meet our organisational objective of continuously improving the Solutions for our Clients. Ensuring security, preventing fraud, and debugging ( TCF Special Purpose 1) Your information can be used to monitor for and prevent fraudulent activity and ensure our systems and processes work properly and securely.To ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug, Quantcast will: Ensure information is securely transmittedDetect and prevent malicious, fraudulent, invalid, or illegal activityEnsure correct and efficient operation of systems and processes, including monitoring and enhancing the performance of systems and processes engaged in permitted purposes Legitimate Interests We conduct the Processing to meet organizational objectives such as to maintain our IT systems; to ensure the electronic security of our business; and to detect and prevent against malicious, fraudulent, invalid, and illegal activity. Technically deliver ads or content ( TCF Special Purpose 2) Your device can receive and send information that allows you to see and interact with ads and content. To deliver information and respond to technical requests, Quantcast will: Use your device’s IP Address to deliver an ad or content over the internetRespond to your interactions with an ad or content by sending you to a landing pageUse information about your device type and capabilities for delivering ads or content (e.g., to deliver the right size ad creative or video file in a format supported by your device) Quantcast may also match Pseudonymous Identifiers with third parties in order to deliver ads to Audiences . Legitimate Interests We carry out the Processing to help our advertiser Clients meet their objective to ascertain, measure, and improve the effectiveness of their ad campaigns. Matching and combining offline data sources (TCF Feature 1) Offline Data can be combined with your online activity in support of one or more purposes or special purposes outlined in this table. The legal basis will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued. Linking different devices (TCF Feature 2) Different devices can be determined as belonging to you or your household in support of one or more purposes. Through Cross-Media Matching/Linking , Quantcast will: Deterministically determine that two or more devices belong to you or your householdProbabilistically determine that two or more devices belong to you or your household The legal basis will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued. Receiving and using automatically sent device characteristics for identification (TCF Feature 3) Your device will be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends, such as IP Address or browser type. In particular, Quantcast will: Create an identifier using information collected automatically from your device for specific characteristics (e.g., IP Address or User Agent information)Use such an identifier to attempt to re-identify your device The legal basis will depend on the TCF Purpose pursued. Establishing, bringing, or defending against complaints, legal claims (including threatened or anticipated legal claims), and regulatory inquiries We Process , preserve, and share Personal Information when we seek legal advice or seek to protect ourselves in the context of litigation and other disputes. Legitimate Interests We carry out the Processing to meet our objective of protecting ourselves and others, including in connection with investigations, litigation, and regulatory inquiries. Responding to legal requests We preserve and share Personal Information in response to legal requests from law enforcement and other government officials, to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process, and when we believe in good faith that disclosure of such information is necessary to comply with a judicial proceeding or court order. Legitimate Interests We carry out the Processing to meet our objective of protecting ourselves and others, including in connection with investigations and regulatory inquiries. Complying with relevant laws and regulations We Process Personal Information to comply with our legal obligations under applicable law.Examples of Irish and EU laws enforceable in Ireland that could give rise to an obligation requiring us to Process Personal Information we hold about you are: Civil and commercial matters : where we are in receipt of a court order to disclose information for the purposes of court proceedings, such as under Regulation (EU) No 1215/2012 on jurisdiction and the recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters Criminal matters : to comply with requests from Irish law enforcement to provide information in relation to an investigation, such as under Section 10 of the Criminal Justice (Miscellaneous Provisions) Act 1997 as amended by 6(1)(a) of the Criminal Justice Act 2006 or to take steps to report information to law enforcement where required Consumer matters : to comply with our obligations under consumer law, such as the Competition and Consumer Protection Act 2014 (e.g., where the Irish Competition and Consumer Protection Commission requests information) Corporate and taxation matters : to comply with our obligations under company legislation and tax law, such as the Companies Act 2014 or where the Irish Revenue requests information Regulatory matters : to comply with our obligations under data protection laws, including to engage with regulators, such as the Data Protection Commission under the GDPR and the Data Protection Act 2018 See here for the current list of laws which are enforceable in Ireland that give rise to a legal obligation for Quantcast which results in the Processing of Personal Information . As new laws may be enacted or other obligations may require us to Process your Personal Information , we will update this list from time to time. Compliance with a legal obligation. Conducting research We use Personal Information to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services. Legitimate Interests We carry out the Processing to meet our organisational objective of delivering and continuously improving the Solutions for our Clients. Hosting information We Process Personal Information to manage our business, which includes hosting Personal Information in our on-premise data centers and/or cloud computing services. Legitimate Interests We carry out the Processing to meet our organisational objective of delivering the Solutions to our Clients. Information disclosure In connection with one or more of the purposes outlined in the “ Information use and legal basis ” section above, we may disclose your Personal Information with the categories of third parties described below. Quantcast-affiliated companies We disclose your Personal Information to Quantcast-affiliated companies in order to provide the Solutions. All or certain categories of Personal Information are disclosed only as necessary or appropriate. Our vendors (including service providers/data processors) Visit the Quantcast Partners page for a list of our vendors. We disclose your Personal Information to vendors who act on our behalf and are subject to binding contractual obligations and restrictions on the Processing of Personal Information we disclose to them. For example, these companies assist with information hosting, information Processing , database management, and administrative tasks. All or certain categories of Personal Information are disclosed only as necessary or appropriate. Our partners, such as Data Management Platforms and Data Providers and Advertising Exchanges Visit the Quantcast Partners page for a list of our Partners We disclose Pseudonymous Identifiers to companies that we partner with to support the operation of the Solutions. Specifically, Quantcast discloses Pseudonymous Identifiers with 1) data providers via Data Management Platforms for the purpose of performing Cookie Syncing/Matches with Imported Data (Client) and Third Party/Segment Data , and 2) and Advertising Exchanges for the purpose of serving ads. Relevant third parties as part of a corporate transaction In the event of a reorganisation, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceeding), we may disclose or transfer your Personal Information with (or transfer your Personal Information to) certain third parties, such as the acquiring entity and its advisors. We may also make certain information available to a potential investor or purchaser (and their advisers) in advance of any such transaction’s completion.All or certain categories of Personal Information are disclosed only as necessary or appropriate. Competent governmental and public authorities We may disclose your Personal Information to governmental and law enforcement authorities, in each case to comply with legal or regulatory obligations or requests. All or certain categories of Personal Information are disclosed only as necessary or appropriate. Other third parties We will disclose your Personal Information to other third parties at your direction or with your consent. Additionally, we may disclose your Personal Information as necessary or appropriate or where otherwise permitted by law to: Enforce our agreementsProtect our operationsProtect our rights, privacy, safety, property, and/or those of other personsAllow us to pursue available remedies or limit damages that we may sustain All or certain categories of Personal Information are disclosed only as necessary or appropriate. We also create and share with our Clients insights or reports regarding the makeup of the Audiences that visit their digital properties or the performance of their advertising campaigns. These insights and reports may contain aggregated data from which individual users cannot be uniquely identified or data from which Quantcast has removed Pseudonymous Identifiers . Information security We employ appropriate organisational and technical security safeguards designed to keep Personal Information secure when it is transmitted to us and once we receive it. These measures may include encryption and employment of information storage security technologies to restrict access to our network. However, please be aware that no method of transmitting information over the internet or storing information is completely secure. Information retention We retain your Personal Information for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, as described in the “ Information Collection ” section above, except where we are required to retain the information for a longer period of time. Once Personal Information has reached its retention period, as applicable, we may either de-identify it (for CCPA purposes), anonymise it (for GDPR purposes) or permanently delete it. International transfers Quantcast operates a global service, and we engage vendors located around the world to help us deliver the Solutions. Accordingly, your Personal Information may be transferred outside of the country or region in which you reside, including to the United States and other countries where either our data centers, vendors, affiliates, or Partners are located. Where we transfer your Personal Information internationally, we do so in accordance with applicable law. If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, please note that we may need to transfer your Personal Information to countries that have not been recognised by the European Commision and/or the UK government as providing an adequate level of protection for Personal Information . We generally use EU Standard Contractual Clauses (to facilitate both controller-to-controller and controller-to-processor transfers) or other government-approved contracts that provide appropriate safeguards for Personal Information that is transferred to countries that have not been recognised as providing an adequate level of protection. You can contact us at privacy@quantcast.com to request a copy of our Standard Contractual Clauses. In certain limited circumstances, we rely on other lawful mechanisms for international transfers of Personal Information or rely on derogations, such as the contractual necessity derogation. Additional disclosures for EEA, UK, and Switzerland residents If you are located in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, please note that the Solutions are provided by our European entity, Quantcast International Limited. In Processing Personal Information in the context of providing the Solutions to our Clients, Quantcast Internal Limited generally acts as a data controller. More specifically, Quantcast International Limited is a joint controller along with its Client when we jointly determine the purposes for which your Personal Information will be Processed . For example, we are joint controllers with Advertisers and Publishers for Personal Information that is collected as Quantcast Cookies , or using Pixels, Tags and SDKs deployed by our Clients on their digital properties, and for the Processing of other Personal Information introduced into the Solutions directly by the Client.This is because both Quantcast and the Client have influence over whether and how we collect and Process the Personal Information . In limited situations, Quantcast is the sole data controller of Personal Information when we are Processing it for our own independent purposes, for instance when we use a Quantcast Pseudonymous Identifier or we derive aggregated analytics for modeling, developing our algorithms, or improving the Solutions. Your choices and legal rights Under applicable law, you may have certain rights in relation to your Personal Information . Additional details about the rights that you may have and how to exercise such rights can be found below. Right to opt out : The right to opt out of certain uses and disclosures of your Personal Information , including the “sale” or “sharing” of your Personal Information and the use of your Personal Information for “targeted advertising” (as these terms are defined under applicable law). To exercise this right, see our opt-out page here here . Right of access: The right to request access to your Personal Information and receive certain information, including the categories of your Personal Information we collect and disclose. To exercise this right, see our request form here Right of rectification/correction : The right to request that we rectify (or correct) inaccurate Personal Information about you. In practice, if you seek to exercise your right of rectification/correction, due to the limited Personal Information we Process , we satisfy this right by providing you with the option to request deletion of your Personal Information . To request the deletion of your Personal Information , see our request form here . Right of erasure/deletion : The right, in certain cases, to request that we delete your Personal Information , provided there are valid grounds for doing so and subject to applicable law and exceptions. To exercise this right, see our request form here . Right to data portability : The right, in certain cases, to receive a copy of your Personal Information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and transmit such information to another controller. To exercise this right, see our request form here . Right to object (marketing) : The right to object to the Processing of your Personal Information for direct marketing purposes. In practice, we satisfy this right by providing you with the option to opt out of our Processing of your Personal Information for advertising purposes. To exercise this right, see our opt-out page here . Additionally, as noted in the “ Self Regulatory Standards ” section above, we are a member of the NAI and a DAA and EDAA participating company. Each of these self-regulatory bodies offers a tool that allows individuals to opt out of receiving targeted advertising from Quantcast and other participating companies. These links will take you to the NAI opt-out page and the DAA opt-out page. If you are located in Europe, you may prefer to visit the EDAA opt-out page. Right to object (legitimate interests) : The right to object to the Processing of your Personal Information where we Process it on the basis of our legitimate interests, as described in the “ Information Use and Legal Basis ” section above. Unless we have compelling legitimate grounds or the information is needed for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims, we will cease Processing your Personal Information when you object. To exercise this right, see our opt-out page here . Right to restrict Processing : The right, in certain cases, to temporarily restrict our Processing of your Personal Information , provided there are valid grounds for doing so. In practice, if you seek to exercise your right to restrict the Processing of your Personal Information , we will treat it as an exercise of the right on an ongoing, rather than temporary, basis (i.e., the request will be treated as you exercising the right to object to the Processing of your Personal Information ). To exercise this right, see our opt-out page here . Right to withdraw your consent : The right to withdraw the consent you have provided at any time, where we Process your Personal Information on the basis of your consent. Please note that the lawfulness of any Processing undertaken prior to your withdrawal of consent shall not be affected by the withdrawal. To exercise this right, see our opt-out page here . Right to lodge a complaint : The right to complain to the relevant authority regarding the Processing of your Personal Information by us or on our behalf. In the EU, the lead supervisory authority is the Irish Data Protection Commissioner. See the section “ Contact Us ” below.Right to object to/opt-out of automated decision making : The right not to be subject to a decision when it is based on automated processing(i.e., an operation that is performed without any human intervention), if it produces a legal effect (i.e., impacts your legal rights) or significantly affects you in a similar way (e.g., significantly affects your financial circumstances or ability to access essential goods or services), or to opt out of the Processing of your Personal Information for such purposes. Quantcast does not make decisions based solely on automated processing that produce a legal effect or similarly significantly affect individuals. Please note that the rights listed above may not be exercised in certain circumstances, such as when the Processing of your Personal Information is necessary to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject or for the exercise or defense of legal claims. Additionally, in order to protect your privacy, we may require proof of your identity before we can act on your request but only where it is necessary and proportionate to request this information. If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland and have issues or questions about the above-listed rights, you may contact our European Data Protection Officer via dpo@quantcast.com . If you are based in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, under applicable law, you also generally have the right not to be subject to a decision when it is based on automated Processing (i.e., an operation that is performed without any human intervention), if it produces a legal effect (i.e., impacts your legal rights) or significantly affects you in a similar way (e.g., significantly affects your financial circumstances or ability to access essential goods or services). Please note, however, that Quantcast does not make decisions based solely on automated Processing that produce a legal effect or similarly significantly affect individuals. Additional information for California residents The California Consumer Privacy Act (“ CCPA ”) provides California residents with certain rights. Pursuant to the CCPA, we are providing the following additional details regarding the categories of Personal Information about California residents that we collect, use, and disclose. This section also describes the rights available to California residents in relation to their Personal Information and how they can exercise their rights Personal Information collection and disclosure The following chart details which categories of Personal Information we have collected from and about California residents in the last twelve (12) months, the sources of each category of information, the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed each category of information for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to whom we have “sold” or with whom we have “shared” each category of information (as such terms are defined in the CCPA) (where applicable). Please note that the first column in the chart lists by category the types of information described in the “Information collection” section of this Privacy Policy, as required by the CCPA. Identifiers , including IP addresses and other similar Pseudonymous Identifiers. Through automated means Third-party sources Quantcast has disclosed this category of information for a business purpose in the past 12 months to the following categories of third parties: Our affiliatesOur vendors Quantcast has sold or shared this category of information in the past 12 months to or with the following categories of third parties: Our partners (Data Management Platforms and Data Providers and Advertising Exchanges) Internet or other electronic network activity information , including browsing history; interactions with websites, mobile apps, or streaming media; and interactions with advertising. Through automated means Third-party sources Quantcast has disclosed this category of information for a business purpose in the past 12 months to the following categories of third parties: Our affiliatesOur vendors Geolocation data , such as Imprecise / Approximate Location Information derived from device IP Addresses. Through automated means Third-party sources Quantcast has disclosed this category of information for a business purpose in the past 12 months to the following categories of third parties: Our affiliatesOur vendors Inferences , meaning inferences drawn from any of the above-listed categories of information in these categories of Personal Information to predict for example, individuals’ characteristics .Through automated means Third-party sources Quantcast has disclosed this category of information for a business purpose in the past 12 months to the following categories of third parties: Our affiliatesOur vendors Purposes for collecting Personal Information As described in more detail in the “Information use and legal basis” section above, we collect Personal Information to provide the Solutions and as otherwise necessary or appropriate in connection with the fulfillment of other legitimate business purposes. Disclosures of Personal iInformation As described in more detail in the “Information disclosure” sharing” section above, we disclosed Personal Information to certain categories of recipients in connection with our delivery of the Solutions. We will also disclose certain categories of Personal Information to governmental and public authorities and other third parties as necessary or appropriate, including when we have a legal or contractual obligation to disclose the information. Sale or sharing of Personal Information: As detailed in the chart above, we “sell” or “share” (as such terms are defined in the CCPA) certain categories of Personal Information to and with third parties and have “sold” or “shared” certain categories of Personal Information in the last twelve (12) months. Please refer to the chart above for additional details. in relation to operating the Solutions. You have the right to direct us to not “sell” or “share” your Personal Information at any time. You may submit an opt-out request at the Quantcast Your Privacy Choices page and following the instructions under “Do Not Sell or Share my Personal information.” You can reach this page by: Clicking the link above.Clicking the “Your Privacy Choices” link located in the footer of the www.quantcast.com website.Visiting quantcast.com/Privacy-Choices/ An Authorised Agent may also use the methods described above to submit a request to opt out on your behalf if you provide the agent with signed permission to do so. Please note that we may request from the agent documentation demonstrating that they have your authority to act on your behalf. If you enable the Global Privacy Control (GPC) browser-based opt-out preference signal, upon receipt or detection, we will treat the signal as a valid request and respond to it appropriately in accordance with the CCPA. Please note that if you use different browsers or browser profiles, you will have to enable the signal on each one that you use. Use and disclosure of sensitive Personal Information We do not use or disclose “sensitive personal information” (as defined in the CCPA) for purposes of making inferences about individuals or showing ads that are relevant to your interests. Individual rights and requests As a California resident, you have the right to request that we: Disclose to you the following information covering the twelve (12) months preceding your request:the categories of Personal Information we have collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such information;the specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you;the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing your Personal Information;the categories of third parties to whom we have disclosed such Personal Information; and if we have sold, shared, or disclosed your Personal Information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:sales and shares, identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient received; anddisclosures for a business purpose, identifying the Personal Information categories that each category of recipient obtained.Correct inaccurate Personal Information that we maintain about you, taking into account the nature of the Personal Information and the purposes of the Processing. Delete the Personal Information we have collected from you. We will not discriminate against you if you decide to exercise your rights under the CCPA. If you are interested in exercising one or more of the rights outlined above, please click the relevant link in the ”Your choices and legal rights” section above. To the extent that we are able (based on the limited information that we collect and maintain), we will verify your identity and respond to your request consistent with the CCPA. If you authorise a natural person or business entity to submit a request on your behalf (an “Authorised Agent” ), the Authorised Agent may use the submission methods noted above. An Authorised Agent will need to demonstrate that you have authorised them to act on your behalf, unless you have provided the agent with power of attorney pursuant to applicable probate law. Depending on the evidence provided, we may also contact you to verify your identity with us or request confirmation from you that the agent is authorised to submit the request on your behalf.Please note that we will decline a request where we are unable to verify your identity and/or honor it based on the limited information that we collect and maintain in an identifiable form. The legally-mandated metrics for the previous calendar year are available here . Personal Information sale and sharing opt-out right As detailed in the chart above, we “sell” or “share” certain categories of Personal Information to and with third parties. If you are a California resident who is 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not “sell” or “share” your Personal Information at any time. You may submit an opt-out request to us by: Clicking the “Your Privacy Choices” link located in the footer of the www.quantcast.com website and following the instructions; orVisiting www.quantcast.com/Privacy-Choices and following the instructions. Upon receipt of your request, we will endeavor to honor it based on the information that we collect and maintain. An Authorised Agent may also use the methods described above to submit a request to opt out on your behalf if you provide the agent with signed permission to do so. Please note that we may request from the agent documentation demonstrating that they have your authority to act on your behalf. Additionally, you can use certain preference signals to exercise your sale and sharing opt-out rights automatically with all businesses that you interact with online, including Quantcast. If you enable the Global Privacy Control (GPC) browser-based opt-out preference signal, upon receipt or detection, we will treat the signal as valid and treat it appropriately in accordance with the CCPA. Please note that if you use different browsers or browser profiles, you will have to enable the signal on each one that you use. Contact us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our information handling practices, please feel free to contact us. Individuals located in the United States, please contact us at: Individuals located outside of the United States, please contact us at: The Data Protection Officer (DPO) for Quantcast International Limited can be contacted at dpo@quantcast.com . If you have contacted us or our DPO about a privacy or information use concern and feel that we have not addressed it satisfactorily, you may contact our US-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request . If you are a resident of the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you also have the right to lodge a complaint against us with our lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission , or the supervisory authority in your country of residence. Changes to this Privacy Policy We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our practices with respect to the collection, use, and/or disclosure of Personal Information or changes in applicable law. The “Last Updated” date at the top of this page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last updated. Any changes will become effective when we post a revised version of this Privacy Policy unless otherwise specified. Some of our changes will be minor, but if we make significant changes to how we use or share your Personal Information , we will: inform you in advance by posting a notice on our websitewait for a period of time before implementing the changes We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically to remain informed about our information handling and privacy practices. Request Demo Let's Grow Together Whether you’re a brand, agency, or publisher, learn how Quantcast can help you reach new customers, drive incremental growth, and deliver business outcomes. Your Privacy Choices Twitter (External link) LinkedIn (External link) FaceBook (External link) Instagram (External link)ProductPlatform ContainerPlatform CapabilitiesCookieless AdvertisingBrand AdvertisingPerformance AdvertisingAI & Machine LearningUnique First-party DataOmnichannelFree ProductsChoiceMeasurePlatform Video ContainerPlan, Activate, Measure, and Innovate See How It Works Watch Now SolutionsSolutions ContainerBrandsAgenciesPublishersIndustriesAd Creative SolutionsSolutions Video ContainerSolutions Guide Read More CustomersCustomer ContainerCase Studies with ResultsCustomer ValidationCustomer Feature Containerebook Download Digital Advertising All Stars Get the ebook ResourcesContainer – Featured ResourceFree Online Training Quantcast Academy Get Started Resources ContainerResource LibraryWebinarsGuidesEventsBlogCase StudiesNewslettersPodcastsResource Container 2Quantcast Academy OverviewDigital Advertising CourseQuantcast Platform CourseHelp CenterAdtech Glossary of TermsCompanyCompany ContainerAbout UsLeadershipAwardsCareersNews & PressContact Container – About VideoWho We Are We Are Champions of the Free and Open Internet Watch Now Search for: Request Demo Let's Grow Together Whether you’re a brand, agency, or publisher, learn how Quantcast can help you reach new customers, drive incremental growth, and deliver business outcomes. Your Privacy Choices Twitter (External link) LinkedIn (External link) FaceBook (External link) Instagram (External link)