PRIVACY POLICY – RADIOLINE 1. Who we are 2. Purpose of this Privacy Policy 3. Personal data we collect 4. Why we collect and process your personal data? 5. Sharing your personal data 6. Data transfers to other countries 7. Personal data retention 8. Personal data deletion 9. Children 10. Personal data security 11. Your rights 12. Cookies 13. How to contact us 1. Who we are 2. Purpose of this Privacy Policy 3. Personal data we collect When you use the Service , whether or not you have sign up for an account, we collect: your unique identifier ( IP address ) tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using to access the Service. This helps us maintain your language preferences as well as your favorites and history , it also help us to offer you our catalogue adapted to your country/region . Some of those personal data are collected by cookies. In addition, when you sign in for a Radioline Account , we also collect information that we store for your personal account: when signing up you provide RADIOLINE with personal information that includes: your email address , your password, your country , your gender , your date of birth , your profession and your communication preferences. We also collect information, such as your device identification, relating to the devices you use to access the Service. You can choose to add to your Radioline Account your first name and your last name . As for premium account please note that all payments are processed via third party payment processors, RADIOLINE does not store any of your payment information . 4. Why we collect and process your personal data? To provide personalized services;To improve our Service;For technical assistance purposes;To interact with you (for example if we update our Privacy Policy);For marketing, promotion and advertising purpose;To comply with legal obligations and law enforcement requests. 5. Sharing your personal data When signing in for a Radioline Account you can chose to register in connection with third party applications, services or devices (such as social media applications, televisions, automotive platforms) which interact with the Service.In order to fix issues on the Service we can share your personal data with our technical services provider and to subcontractors .We might share your personal data to advertising partners , unless you subscribe to a paid version of our Service. We might share your personal data in order to comply with legal obligations , or in response to legal or administrative proceedings of any kind or enforcement measures requested by the competent authorities. 6. Data transfers to other countries 7. Personal data retention 8. Personal data deletion 9. Children 10. Personal data security 11. Your rights Access : you have the right to (i) access your Radioline Account and update your information, to (ii) obtain confirmation as to whether personal data concerning you is processed or not and, if processed, to (iii) obtain access to such data and a copy thereof; Rectification : you have the right to obtain the rectification of any inaccurate personal data concerning you. You also have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement;o Erasure: in some cases, you have the right to obtain the erasure of personal data concerning you. However, this is not an absolute right and RADIOLINE may have legal or legitimate grounds for keeping certain data for the provision of the Service; Restriction : in some cases, you have the right to obtain restriction of the processing of your personal data; Data Portability : you have the right to receive the personal data concerning you which you have provided to RADIOLINE, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and you have the right to transmit those data to third parties without hindrance from RADIOLINE. This right only applies when the processing of your personal data is based on your consent or on a contract and such processing is carried out by automated means; Object : you have the right to object at any time, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to processing of personal data concerning you when such processing is based on the legitimate interest of RADIOLINE. RADIOLINE may, however, invoke compelling legitimate grounds for continued processing; Complaint : you have the right to contact the supervisory authority to complain about RADIOLINE’s personal data protection practices. 12. Cookies Content PillowLocale 1 month to align the content with the user’s country Radioline Statistics _ga 12 months to store and count pageviews Third (Google Analytics) Statistics _ga_7XKQ3RC053 12 months to identify unique users Third (Google Analytics) Statistics _gat 1 minute to read and filter requests from bots.Third (Google Analytics) Statistics _gid 1 day to store and count page views Third (Google Analytics) Language Session-pillow 12 months to align the language of Radioline the service to the user’s device Radioline 13. How to contact usContinue without agreeing → With your agreement, we and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to store, access, and process personal data like your visit on this website, IP addresses and cookie identifiers. Some partners do not ask for your consent to process your data and rely on their legitimate business interest. You can withdraw your consent or object to data processing based on legitimate interest at any time by clicking on “Learn More” or in our Privacy Policy on this website. View our partners We and our partners do the following data processing: Personalised ads and content, ad and content measurement, audience insights and product development , Precise geolocation data, and identification through device scanning , Store and/or access information on a device Learn More → Agree and close Home Favorites Discover Home Favorites Discover Stations Podcasts The Retrievals Dozens of women seeking to become mothers came to a fertility clinic at Yale. A (five-part) narrative series about the shocking events that unfolded there. From Serial Productions and The New York Times. This Past Weekend What happened this past weekend. And sometimes what happened on other days. Shawn Ryan Show The "Shawn Ryan Show" is hosted by Shawn Ryan, former U.S. Navy SEAL, CIA Contractor, and Founder of Vigilance Elite. We tell REAL stories about REAL people from all walks of life. We discuss the ups and downs, wins and losses, successes and struggles, the good and bad in a respectful but candid way with our guest. We're better than entertainment, we're the REAL thing. Please enjoy the show. Huberman Lab The Huberman Lab Podcast discusses neuroscience: how our brain and its connections with the organs of our body control our perceptions, our behaviors, and our health. We also discuss existing and emerging tools for measuring and changing how our nervous system works. Dr. Andrew Huberman is a tenured Professor of Neurobiology and Ophthalmology at Stanford School of Medicine. His laboratory studies neural regeneration, neuroplasticity, and brain states such as stress, focus, fear, and optimal performance. For more than 20 years, Dr. Huberman has consistently published original research findings and review articles in top-level peer-reviewed journals, including Nature, Science, Cell, Neuron, and Current Biology. He is a regular member of several National Institutes of Health review panels and a Fellow of the McKnight Foundation and the Pew Charitable Trusts. Dr. Heart Starts Pounding: Horrors, Hauntings, and Mysteries Horrors, hauntings and mysteries! A collection of scary stories, real and imagined, that will have you on the edge of your seat. If you’re a fan of all things spooky, creepy, and thrilling, this is the podcast for you. Have a horrifying tale, paranormal encounter, or unsolved mystery that you’d like to share? Visit https://www.heartstartspounding.com/ and submit your heart-pounding story to be featured on the podcast. Join the Heart Starts Pounding community on TikTok and Instagram @heartstartspounding for a daily dose of spine-tingling snippets and creepypastas. Rotten Mango Rotten but still a little sweet! Rotten Mango is a true crime + all things spooky podcast. We love doing deep dives into the darkest crimes and we tend to not leave out any details - which can get a little rotten at times. If you want deep dives in the psychology of killers, no holding back storytelling of crimes, and stories of lesser known criminals from around the world this is the place for you. Welcome to Rotten Mango but don’t worry it all comes with a seasoning of comedy/sweetness. The Broski Report with Brittany Broski PUBLIC SERVICE ANNOUNCEMENT: Broski Nation’s fearless & tyrannical leader has officially established a nationwide broadcast network—meaning you can now get national news blasts in the comfort of your own living room! Stay up to date with what Supreme Leader Brittany Broski is currently obsessing over, learning about, crying about, etc. Also expect important updates on Broski Nation law changes & people of interest. If you’re a loyal subject or follower of @brittany_broski or her top secret second account @lostmymarblesagain, this podcast is for you. Yes, you! Stay tuned for weekly Broski Report news blasts, and be sure to leave a comment if you feel something (or someone) should be brought to Broski’s attention. Thank you for your loyalty & service! Scamanda Amanda is a wife. A mother. A blogger.A Christian. A charming, beautiful, bubbly, young woman who lives life to the fullest. But Amanda is dying, with a secret she doesn’t want anyone to know. She starts a blog detailing her cancer journey, and becomes an inspiration, touching and captivating her local community as well as followers all over the world. Until one day investigative producer Nancy gets an anonymous tip telling her to look at Amanda’s blog, setting Nancy on an unimaginable road to uncover Amanda’s secret. Award winning journalist Charlie Webster explores this unbelievable and bizarre, but all-too-real tale, of a woman from San Jose, California whose secret ripped a family apart and left a community in shock. Scamanda is the true story of a woman whose own words held the key to her secret. Follow Scamanda on Apple Podcasts, Spotify, or wherever you listen. Amanda’s blog posts are read by actor Kendall Horn. Lex Fridman Podcast Conversations about science, technology, history, philosophy and the nature of intelligence, consciousness, love, and power. Lex is an AI researcher at MIT and beyond. Normal Gossip Normal Gossip delivers juicy, strange, funny, and utterly banal gossip about people you’ll never know and never meet. Host Kelsey McKinney discusses reader-submitted comedic gossip with guests, diving into the lives and decisions of complete strangers. The second-hand truth really is stranger than fiction. Produced by Alex Sujong Laughlin. Show art by Tara Jacoby. https://linktr.ee/normalgossip Music on Air