Last Updated: November 24, 2020 Rainforest Automation, Inc. is committed to protecting personal information. In compliance with applicable legislation, including British Columbia’s Personal information Protection Act , this Privacy Notice provides transparency regarding our privacy practices with respect to the use and disclosure of the personal information we collect, use, retain and disclose. This‪ Privacy Notice is incorporated by reference into the End User License Agreement (the “EULA”) located at [eula], and forms an integral part of it. Please read both carefully. By using use our products, websites and services (together referred to as “Services”), you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Notice. If you do not want us to collect, use or disclose your personal information in the ways identified in this Privacy Notice, you should not use the Services. ‪ Personal Information ‪“ Personal Information ” means information about an identifiable individual and includes, but is not limited to, your name, email address, phone number and physical address. To the extent that Personal Information is collected or provided through the Services and can be used to identify an individual, we will treat it as Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Notice. What Personal Information does Rainforest Automation collect? When using the Services, you will be asked to provide certain Personal Information, for example your name and email address and credit card information and billing/shipping information if you choose to make a purchase or sign up for a paid subscription service. We collect information about: Your Rainforest Automation device (MAC ID) and associate it with your account.Your interaction and use of the Services (“Usage Data”), including tracking information regarding power usage through a device ID.About your use of other devices, should you opt to connect other devices to our Services.The pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take on our Services using technologies such as cookies. We use this information to improve our Services and gather it periodically to: Monitor system usage, server and software performance, to improve system design and products, to create benchmarks and to conduct trending analyses.‪Perform statistical analyses and generate data related to how users use the Services, including peer-to-peer comparisons (e.g., Usage Data for single family homes in a specific geographic area). Your demographics, for example during the account creation process where we may ask you to voluntarily provide additional information about yourself. About you obtained from other companies, to supplement the information we collect. For example, we may use services from other companies that enable us to derive a general geographic area based on your IP address in order to customize certain services to your geographic area. Rainforest Automation does not knowingly or intentionally collect Personal Information from users under the age of 13. What are the purposes for collecting Personal Information? Unless the purposes for collecting Personal Information are obvious and you voluntarily provide your Personal Information for those purposes, we will communicate the purposes for which Personal Information is being collected before or at the time of collection. We will collect Personal Information that is reasonable and necessary to fulfill the following purposes: To create your account;To process payments and register subscriptions;To operate and deliver the Services;To improve the Services;To provide customer support;To contact you with updates and notifications relating to our Services; andFor internal business purposes. ‪‪You may refuse to supply Personal Information but be aware that this can prevent you from engaging in certain activities in relation to the Services. ‪We use vendors, for example Google, to deliver advertisements and provide website analytics tools on other websites and services, so the ads that you will be served on the Internet may in some cases be based on your use of the Services. We collect information about page views on these third party sites as well. In most cases, you may opt out of this type of advertising (e.g. by visiting the Google site here ). Additionally, with your permission, we may also occasionally send you surveys or promotional mailings to inform you of other products or services available from Rainforest Automation and its affiliates, and/or share your Personal Information with Rainforest Automation partners so they may send you information about their products and services. You can opt-out of most email communication from us by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our emails.As long as you are using our Services, we may still contact you for administrative purposes, for example to notify you of a change to the service, a change to the Privacy Notice, or a service interruption. Consent You own your Personal Information. By giving us Personal Information when you use the Services, you consent to your information being collected, used, disclosed and stored by us, only as described in this Privacy Notice. ‪At any time and without penalty, you can withdraw your consent to the use and disclosure of your Personal Information as set out in the Privacy Notice, discontinue your use of the Services and delete your account by contacting us at support@rainforestautomation.com ‪We may also collect, use and/or disclose Personal Information for other purposes with your consent, or to the extent necessary for the purposes of meeting relevant regulatory, legal, insurance, audit, security and processing requirements, or to the extent permitted or required by applicable law. Who can see the Personal Information? You will have access to your Personal Information through your account. The method for accessing your Personal Information and Usage Data may depend on which Services you have used. If you register for or use a service co-branded by Rainforest and another company or organization (the “Partner”), for example a utility provider, both Rainforest Automation and the Partner will receive the information you provide (e.g., personal information on registration forms, usage data). If you register to or use such a service, both a Rainforest Automation privacy notice and the Partner’s privacy notice may be displayed. Some Rainforest Automation Services allow you to choose to share your Personal Information with select Rainforest Automation Partners so that they can contact you about their products, services or offers. You may choose to export or stream your Usage Data to third parties. How is the Personal Information disclosed? Except as described in this notice, we will not disclose your Personal Information outside of Rainforest Automation and its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates without your consent. We may disclose your Personal Information to other companies and agents acting on our behalf to deliver the Services only where your Personal Information is protected under contract. These other companies are permitted to obtain only the Personal Information required need to deliver the service and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose than for delivering the service to Rainforest Automation. We may provide the option for you to choose to publish your own information through a personal or anonymous profile that you set up. Anonymous Data The Company may collect, use, and disclose any non-personally identifiable information that has been derived from your Personal Information or Usage Data (“ Anonymous Data ”). Anonymous Data includes aggregated and de-identified data and is the property of Rainforest Automation. Retaining Personal Information ‪‪We will retain Personal Information for a reasonable amount of time necessary to fulfill the identified purposes or as permitted or required by law. Ensuring Accuracy of Personal Information ‪We rely on you to ensure that the Personal Information you provide while using the Services is accurate, complete and up-to-date. You are welcome to make changes and request deletion or corrections to Personal Information at any time by updating your account settings online or by contacting us at support@rainforestautomation.com Safeguards ‪We will maintain appropriate storage and processing practices and security measures to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying, modification or disposal or destruction. We will train our team on privacy and security practices. ‪We will ensure that any third party acting on our behalf in respect of your Personal Information maintains reasonable and appropriate safeguards. ‪We will use appropriate security measures when destroying Personal Information, such as deleting electronically stored information. ‪We will review and update our security policies and controls as technology changes to ensure ongoing Personal Information security, however please bear in mind that no internet or email transmission is ever fully secure or error free and no security system is impenetrable. We cannot fully guarantee the confidentiality of any information that you share with us. ‪It’s important to guard your privacy when you are online. If a password is used to help protect your accounts and Personal Information, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential. Do not share this information with anyone. If you are sharing a computer you should always log out before leaving a site or service to protect access to your information from subsequent users. If our Services contain links to other websites, this Privacy Notice does not govern those websites.Whether we have posted those links or other organizations or individuals have, you should read their privacy policies and make an informed decision about whether you want to use those websites or their services. Location of Services ‪Our company is located in Canada and we use service providers located outside of Canada, including in the U.S. This means that your Personal Information will be processed and stored in other countries and therefore may be subject to disclosure under the laws of those jurisdictions. For more information, please contact our Privacy Officer at privacy@rainforestautomation.com Cookies We use cookies to improve your experience, to save you time, and to make it possible to navigate our website. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any Personal Information you submit while using our service or visiting our websites. You can remove cookies manually by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” file. If you refuse cookies, you will not be able to use some or all of our service, since some cookies are essential to navigation. Individual Access ‪You may request access to, make corrections to, or delete the Personal Information we hold about you at any time, subject to limited exceptions. Upon written request, we will also provide you with a list of individuals or entities (e.g. third party service providers) to which we have disclosed your Personal Information, if applicable. Please contact us at privacy@rainforestautomation.com for additional information. Changes to this Privacy Notice ‪We may amend this Privacy Notice from time to time and will post any changes to this page. If the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice or send you a direct notification, if appropriate. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to this Privacy Notice will signify your acceptance of those changes. We will keep prior versions of this Privacy Notice in an archive for your review. ‪We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices and to contact us if you have any questions or concerns. ‪Questions and Complaints ‪You may send your privacy-related questions, concerns or complaints to our Privacy Officer who is responsible for ensuring our compliance with this notice and with the appropriate privacy legislation. Privacy Officer Rainforest Automation, Inc. 200-311 Pender St W Vancouver, BC Canada V6B 1T3 T: 604-630-4287 ‪E: privacy@rainforestautomation.com ‪If our Privacy Officer is unable to resolve your concern, you may also write to the Office of the Information and Privacy Commissioner for British Columbia . © 2023 Intelligent Energy Management | Rainforest Automation. All rights reserved | Copyright | Privacy | Terms of Use ×