We use cookies. Necessary Necessary Functional Functional Statistics Statistics Marketing Marketing Unclassified Unclassified BIGipServer# Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Session HTTP __cf_bm [x11] 891-blc-619.mktoweb.com Marketo Ericsson JQuery www.ericssonlg.com This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. 1 day HTTP _cs_c [x7] Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. 13 months HTTP _cs_mk [x2] Ericsson ericsson.ca Random number_timestamp in milliseconds Session HTTP AI_buffer [x2] Used in context with the "AI_sentBuffer" in order to limit the number of data-server-updates (Azure). This synergy also allows the website to detect any duplicate data-server-updates. Session HTML AI_sentBuffer [x2] Used in context with the "AI_buffer" in order to limit the number of data-server-updates (Azure). This synergy also allows the website to detect any duplicate data-server-updates. Session HTML ai_session [x5] Preserves users states across page requests. 1 day HTTP aws-waf-token [x2] f26b586b8d52.1c63f7f4.eu-west-3.token.awswaf.com Used to encrypt and contain visitor data. This is necessary for the security of the user data. Session HTTP CookieConsent [x9] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain 1 year HTTP Ericsson_Subscription_Popup_Closed Functional cookie for browsing Ericsson.com 3 months HTTP RSMKTO1 [x2] These encrypted cookies provide load balancing. Session HTTP rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Persistent HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Session HTML .AspNetCore.Antiforgery.# [x3] Ericsson www.ericssonlg.com Helps prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks. Session HTTP UserMarket [x4] Ericsson www.ericssonlg.com Sets the current market for the user. 1 year HTTP li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain 180 days HTTP PHPSESSID Preserves user session state across page requests. Session HTTP stsservicecookie Used in connection with the synchronisation between the website and third-party Data Management Platform. The cookie serves to monitor this process for security reasons. Session HTTP x-ms-gateway-slice Used in connection with the synchronisation between the website and third-party Data Management Platform. The cookie serves to monitor this process for security reasons. Session HTTP datadome Used in context with the website's BotManager. The BotManager detects, categorizes and compiles reports on potential bots trying to access the website. Session HTTP cf_chl_1 This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. 1 day HTTP cf_chl_cc_# This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Session HTTP cf_chl_rc_m This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. 1 day HTTP bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. 1 year HTTP JSESSIONID Preserves users states across page requests. Session HTTP CONSENT [x2] Used to detect if the visitor has accepted the marketing category in the cookie banner. This cookie is necessary for GDPR-compliance of the website. 2 years HTTP geolocation [x3] This cookie is used to determine the preferred country setting selected by the visitor. Persistent HTML CookieConsentBulkSetting-# [x2] Enables cookie consent across multiple websites Persistent HTML li_alerts Used to determine when and where certain pop-ups on the website should be presented for the user and remember whether the user has closed these, to keep them from showing multiple times. 1 year HTTP __utma Collects data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Used by Google Analytics. 2 years HTTP __utmb Registers a timestamp with the exact time of when the user accessed the website. Used by Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a website visit. 1 day HTTP __utmc Registers a timestamp with the exact time of when the user leaves the website. Used by Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a website visit.Session HTTP __utmd This cookie is used to assign specific visitors into segments, this segmentation is based on visitor behavior on the website - the segmentation can be used to target larger groups. 1 day HTTP __utmv Saves user-defined tracking parameters for use in Google Analytics. Session HTTP __utmz Collects data on where the user came from, what search engine was used, what link was clicked and what search term was used. Used by Google Analytics. 6 months HTTP object(quot;#-#-#T#:#:#.#Zquot;) Pending Persistent HTML _cs_id [x7] Registers statistical data on visitors' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. 13 months HTTP _cs_root-domain [x3] Registers how the user has reached the website to enable pay-out of referral commission fees to partners. Session HTTP _cs_s [x7] This cookie is used to identify the frequency of visits and how long the visitor is on the website. The cookie is also used to determine how many and which subpages the visitor visits on a website – this information can be used by the website to optimize the domain and its subpages. 1 day HTTP _ga [x3] Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. 2 years HTTP _ga_# [x3] Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. 2 years HTTP _gat [x2] Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate 1 day HTTP _gd# [x2] ericsson.ca Ericsson Pending Session HTTP _gid [x2] Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. 1 day HTTP FPAU [x3] www.ericsson.ca Ericsson www.ericssonlg.com Assigns a specific ID to the visitor. This allows the website to determine the number of specific user-visits for analysis and statistics. Session HTTP FPID [x3] www.ericsson.ca Ericsson www.ericssonlg.com Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Session HTTP FPLC [x3] www.ericsson.ca Ericsson www.ericssonlg.com Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Session HTTP _cs_same_site [x5] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Session HTTP ai_user [x5] Used by Microsoft Application Insights software to collect statistical usage and telemetry information. The cookie stores a unique identifier to recognize users on returning visits over time. 1 year HTTP ln_or [x6] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. 1 day HTTP collect [x2] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Session Pixel .EPiForm_BID [x3] Ericsson www.ericssonlg.com This cookie is used to distinguish the browser that the visitor is using. The server automatically assigns an ID string to that browser, so that the website can identify the visitor again when reentering the website. 3 months HTTP .EPiForm_VisitorIdentifier [x3] Ericsson www.ericssonlg.com This cookie is used to identify the visitor when reentering the website, by using the ID string contained in the .EPiForm_BID cookie. 3 months HTTP EPiStateMarker [x3] Ericsson www.ericssonlg.com This cookie is used to distinguish the browser that the visitor is using. The server automatically assigns an ID string to that browser, so that the website can identify the visitor again when reentering the website. Session HTTP AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. 30 days HTTP fpc Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. 30 days HTTP j/collect Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Session Pixel cookiesession1 sfgw.leadspace.com Sets a ID for the visitor. This serves to count the number of specific visitors on the website. 1 year HTTP personalization_id This cookie is set by Twitter. The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website on his/her Twitter profile. 2 years HTTP _cs_t Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content. Session HTTP td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.Session Pixel CMID Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. 1 year HTTP CMPRO Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. 3 months HTTP CMPS Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. 3 months HTTP tuuid Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Session HTTP tuuid_lu Contains a unique visitor ID, which allows Bidswitch.com to track the visitor across multiple websites. This allows Bidswitch to optimize advertisement relevance and ensure that the visitor does not see the same ads multiple times. Session HTTP IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. 1 year HTTP pagead/landing [x2] Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Session Pixel pagead/viewthroughconversion/834776053 Pending Session Pixel test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. 1 day HTTP _gcl_au [x2] Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. 3 months HTTP _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. 3 months HTTP _gaexp www.googleoptimize.com This cookie is used by Google Analytics to determine if the visitor is involved in their marketing experiments. 41 days HTTP _mkto_trk [x3] Marketo 2 years HTTP BE_CLA3 cdn.b0e8.com Enables data aggregation, analysis and report creation to assess marketing effectiveness and for website performance. 558 days HTTP lpCookie [x6] Used to store the location.pathname of the first three pages a user visits in a session. Session HTTP pagead/1p-conversion/# Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Session Pixel pagead/1p-conversion/#/ [x2] Pending Session Pixel pagead/1p-conversion/834776053/ Pending Session Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Session Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/834776053/ [x3] Pending Session Pixel bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. 1 year HTTP lang Set by LinkedIn when a web page contains an embedded "Follow us" panel. Session HTTP li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. 3 months HTTP lidc Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. 1 day HTTP UserMatchHistory Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. 30 days HTTP 1/i/adsct [x2] Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Session Pixel muc_ads Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. 2 years HTTP tv_UIDM Pending 2 years HTTP tvid Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. 1 year HTTP guest_id Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, with the purpose of personalising and improving the Twitter service. 2 years HTTP guest_id_ads Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.2 years HTTP guest_id_marketing Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. 2 years HTTP i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Session Pixel RichHistory Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Session HTML LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Session HTTP nextId [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Session HTTP requests [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Session HTTP yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Persistent HTML ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML YtIdbMeta#databases [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Persistent IDB yt-remote-cast-available [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-cast-installed [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-connected-devices [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML yt-remote-device-id [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-session-app [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-session-name [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Persistent IDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Session HTTP ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Persistent IDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. 1 day HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. 180 days HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Session HTTP brightedge3.php Pending Session Pixel tracker/track.gif Pending Session Pixel tint_identify_traits Pending Persistent HTML __cdrop [x2] Pending 1 year HTTP __csess [x2] Pending Session HTTP _mkto_cross [x2] Pending 2 years HTTP _vs Pending 400 days HTTP cf_fb_hash [x2] Pending Session HTTP cf_fb_page_tab [x2] Pending Session HTTP cf_fb_publish_url [x2] Pending Session HTTP cf_liked [x2] Pending Session HTTP qualityVisit Pending Session HTML tint-anonymous-uid Pending 1 year HTTP awswaf_session_storage f26b586b8d52.1c63f7f4.eu-west-3.token.awswaf.com Pending Persistent HTML awswaf_token_refresh_timestamp f26b586b8d52.1c63f7f4.eu-west-3.token.awswaf.com Pending Persistent HTML cf_token Pending Session HTTP EPiStartUrlKey [x3] Ericsson www.ericssonlg.com Pending Session HTTP _vscid Pending 400 days HTTP aws:cognito-identity-ids#IdentityIds Pending Persistent IDB bil_test_seen Pending Persistent HTML CloseButtonClicked Pending Session HTTP Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. For more information go to https://www.ericsson.com/en/legal/privacy/cookies Search Your location is listed as United States United States Privacy Close menu Privacy Why does privacy matter to Ericsson? Privacy is fundamental for building trust in the networked society. ICT has the potential to transform how we innovate, collaborate and socialize – but only if networks and services keep information secure and protect the privacy rights of all. For example, analyzing and acting on the vast amounts of data generated by today’s communication networks can create lasting benefits for everyone.The most effective way to realize this potential is by combining the freedom to innovate and create positive impacts with strong privacy principles that ensure transparency, integrity and appropriate levels of data anonymization. The result is a win-win situation for all stakeholders. The nature of Ericsson’s business gives us an additional responsibility to work effectively with privacy. More than 40 percent of the world’s mobile traffic passes through networks delivered by Ericsson, and we manage networks that together serve over 1 billion subscribers. We also handle personal information for a workforce of 116,281 people in over 180 countries. What is Ericsson doing? We align our business with all legal requirements for privacy. In addition, we have developed a series of clear Ericsson Privacy Principles that form the basis of a comprehensive global privacy program. This program ensures that privacy is designed into Ericsson’s processes, tools, products and services. It proactively engages with key stakeholders and secures buy-in at every stage of the privacy value chain. The program supports our commitment to ensuring the integrity of all personal information for which we are responsible, and helps our customers to develop trusted relationships with consumers and businesses. Crucially, respect for the right to privacy is included in our Code of Business Ethics, which defines the behaviors we expect from all Ericsson employees. Along with professionalism and perseverance, the concept of respect is one of Ericsson’s three core values and therefore forms part of the foundation of our company culture. We recognize that securing privacy in a connected world requires a sustained cross-industry effort. New technologies bring new privacy implications, and continuous dialog between industry, governments, regulators and civil society is essential. Ericsson is committed to driving and participating in these multi-stakeholder discussions. What is privacy? Definitions of privacy can vary between stakeholders or countries. However, broadly speaking, privacy is the right to be left alone or to enjoy freedom from interference or intrusion, including the right to have control over how personal information is collected, used, retained and disposed of. Ericsson privacy principles Notice to individuals to identify the purposes for which Personal Information is collected, used, retained and disclosed.Choice and consent available to individuals with respect to the collection, use, retention and disclosure of Personal Information.Collection of Personal Information for the purposes identified in the Notice.Use, retention and disposal of Personal Information as identified in the Notice and for which the individual has provided Consent.Review of Personal Information for individuals to access their information and ensure it is correct and accurate. Disclosure to third parties of Personal Information for purposes identified in the Notice and for which the individual has provided Consent.Transferring data to other countries in a legal, secure and auditable manner.Security for privacy of Personal Information to help protect against unauthorized access and use.Quality of Personal Information to ensure that reasonable steps are taken to ensure Personal Information is correct and accurate.Accountability and Privacy by Design to ensure compliance with the privacy framework. How to contact Ericsson It's important to us at Ericsson to hear what users have to say about our services, and our policies. If you as site user have any questions, concerns, or complaints, or want to let us know what you think about any of our off-line and on-line products and services, you can use our general Contact form . If you want to access or have another request regarding your personal data, you can do that via sending an e-mail to HR Direct . Ericsson staff with direct access to HR Direct who wish to file a complaint or a request pertaining to their Personal Information shall contact HR Direct . If you have any questions or a complaint pertaining your Personal Information you can also contact the Group Data Protection Officer by postal mail at Ericsson AB, Group Function Legal Affairs, 164 80 Stockholm, Sweden or you can send an e-mail to ericsson.group.privacy@ericsson.com . A list of local Data Protection Officers can be found here . Phone: +1 972 583 0000 (General Inquiry)Phone: +1 866 374 2272 (HR Inquiry)Email: U.S. Inside Sales Update cookie consent | © Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson 1994-2023 You seem to be using an old web browser. To experience www.ericsson.com in the best way, please upgrade to another browser e.g., Edge Chromium, Google Chrome or Firefox.We use cookies. Necessary Necessary Functional Functional Statistics Statistics Marketing Marketing Unclassified Unclassified test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. 1 day HTTP visitor_id#-hash [x3] foryou.redbeemedia.com Pardot Used to encrypt and contain visitor data. This is necessary for the security of the user data. 400 days HTTP rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Persistent HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Session HTML deviceId [x2] marketing.redbee.livewl-9c0a7c.enigmatv.io Identifies the logged in user. A unique session ID is linked to the user so that he/she is identified while navigating the website. The user is logged out when the cookie expires. Persistent HTML __cf_bm [x2] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. 1 day HTTP CookieConsent [x2] www.redbeecreative.comwww.redbeemedia.com Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain 1 year HTTP PHPSESSID www.redbeecreative.com Preserves user session state across page requests. Session HTTP CONSENT Used to detect if the visitor has accepted the marketing category in the cookie banner. This cookie is necessary for GDPR-compliance of the website. 2 years HTTP We do not use cookies of this type. collect Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Session Pixel _ga [x2] Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. 2 years HTTP _ga_# [x2] Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. 2 years HTTP _gat [x2] Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate 1 day HTTP _gid [x2] Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. 1 day HTTP vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. 2 years HTTP td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Session Pixel IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. 1 year HTTP pagead/landing Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Session Pixel pardot [x2] foryou.redbeemedia.com Pardot Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. Session HTTP visitor_id# [x3] foryou.redbeemedia.com Pardot Used in context with Account-Based-Marketing (ABM). The cookie registers data such as IP-addresses, time spent on the website and page requests for the visit. This is used for retargeting of multiple users rooting from the same IP-addresses. ABM usually facilitates B2B marketing purposes. 400 days HTTP ads/ga-audiences Pending Session Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/11105064131/ Pending Session Pixel lpv# Used in context with behavioral tracking by the website. The cookie registers the user’s behavior and navigation across multiple websites and ensures that no tracking errors occur when the user has multiple browser-tabs open. 1 day HTTP _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. 3 months HTTP LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Session HTTP LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Persistent IDB nextId Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Session HTTP remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Session HTTP requests Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Session HTTP ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Persistent IDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. 1 day HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos.180 days HTTP VISITOR_PRIVACY_METADATA Pending 180 days HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Session HTTP yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Persistent HTML ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML YtIdbMeta#databases Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Persistent IDB yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML expirationDateTime [x2] marketing.redbee.livewl-9c0a7c.enigmatv.io Pending Persistent HTML preferredLanguage [x2] marketing.redbee.livewl-9c0a7c.enigmatv.io Pending Persistent HTML sessionToken [x2] marketing.redbee.livewl-9c0a7c.enigmatv.io Pending Persistent HTML tokenIsAnonymous [x2] marketing.redbee.livewl-9c0a7c.enigmatv.io Pending Persistent HTML Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. For more information go to https://www.ericsson.com/en/legal/privacy/cookies About Us Resources Services Products Services Products About Us Resources Privacy Policy Red Bee Media is part of the Ericsson group and as such compliant with Ericsson Privacy Policy, for latest version please click here . Latest News & Blogs IBC 2023 CCSA Connect 2023 The Independent Show 2023 – NCTC StreamTV Show 2023 Red Bee Media Wins Hermes Award 27 Apr 2023 New Spanish Audiovisual Law 13 Apr 2023 Nueva LGCA 13 Apr 2023 Mid-America Cable Show 2023 Red Bee Media and Better Software Group power Nordisk Film+ streaming service 15 Mar 2023 Tap Or Drag To Explore Subscribe to our newsletter Want to keep up to date with all our latest news and information? Enter your email below to be added to our mailing list. Email * If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty. By subscribing you agree to the privacy policy and consent to receiving information from Red Bee Born in broadcast,live for media © 2020 Red Bee Media Part of Ericsson Our creative arm ServicesVimeo Privacy Policy Last Updated: June 30, 2023 This Privacy Policy explains the information that Vimeo collects when you use its products and services, how that information is used, with whom it may be shared, and your privacy choices. 1. Introduction Who we are and what we do This Privacy Policy covers Vimeo.com, Inc. (collectively, “Vimeo,” “we” “us” or “our”). We provide online video hosting, sharing and related services through our owned-and-operated websites, including Vimeo.com and Livestream.com, our branded applications for mobile and connected devices, and our embeddable video players (collectively, the “services”). Acceptance and Changes By registering for, downloading, or using our services, you accept this Privacy Policy, which is part of our Terms of Service . We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post any modified version of our Privacy Policy at https://vimeo.com/privacy . If we change the Privacy Policy in a way that materially lessens our commitments to you, we will provide notice to registered users by email or other methods. 2. Children's Privacy We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals who are under the minimum required ages specified herein. You must be at least 16 years old or the age of majority in your jurisdiction, whichever is greater, to use our services. Individuals under the applicable age may use our services only through a parent or legal guardian's account and with their involvement. If you are a parent or legal guardian who believes your child has provided personal information to Vimeo without your consent, you may ask us to delete such information by contacting us at privacy@vimeo.com . 3. Data We Collect About You We collect information about you when you use our services. In addition, third parties may collect information about you when you use our services. Collected information may include or reflect personal information that could identify you, as well as non-personal information. We refer to your information as "your data" for short. Account Information To create an account, you must provide a valid email address and password. If you choose to sign-up and/or authenticate using a third-party account (e.g., Facebook, Google), you authorize us to obtain account information from the third-party platform. Financial Information To make a purchase, you may need to provide a valid payment method (e.g., credit card or PayPal account). Your payment information will be collected and processed by our authorized payment vendors. We do not directly collect or store credit or debit card numbers ourselves in the ordinary course of processing transactions. If we allow purchase through a third-party platform (i.e. in-app purchase), the payment method stored with the third-party platform will be charged. If you wish to sell items or earn money from advertising through our services, you must provide an account to receive funds and tax information, which may include your name, address, and taxpayer identification number. Content You Submit You may upload and create content such as videos, text, photographs, and artwork. Your account profile may display information about you and your activities. This information may be accessed by others. Your videos may be viewed and otherwise accessed by others, and associated metadata (e.g., titles, closed captions, descriptions, tags, etc.) may be viewable by others. You may choose to limit the availability of your profile and videos. For more details, see Section 9 . Your interactions during events such as live streams and webinars, or with other users (e.g., comments, "likes," poll responses) may be seen by others. Capture Forms You may submit information through a capture form set up by a video owner or webinar host. This information will be received by both Vimeo and the video owner and is subject to both Vimeo's Privacy Policy as well as the video owner's privacy policy. Except where Vimeo is the video owner, Vimeo will not use any information you submit through such forms for direct marketing purposes. Other Information You May Submit You may submit data to us for limited purposes such as requesting customer support; participating in a study or survey; entering contests or sweepstakes; applying for a job; or signing up to receive communications from us or another user. Automatically-Collected Information We automatically collect certain types of data when you use our services, regardless of whether you have an account. This data includes your IP address, technical information about your device (e.g., browser type, operating system, basic device information), the web page you visited or search query you entered before reaching us, and your activities. We may track your activities using cookies and similar technologies. By using our services, you agree to our use of these methods as set forth in our Cookie Policy .Physical Products We collect your shipping address to send you products you have ordered. Information Collected by Third Parties Some third parties may collect data about you when you use our services. This may include data you submit (such as payment information) or automatically-collected information (in the case of third-party analytics providers and advertising partners). We may obtain data from third parties about you. We may combine that data with information that we have collected. For example, some advertisers or advertising platforms may allow us to determine what other online services you might use so that we may place relevant ads on those services. 4. How We Use Your Data We may use your data for the following purposes: Identification and authentication: We use your data to verify you when you access your account. Operating our services: We use your data to provide our services, process and fulfill orders, provide customer support, and to otherwise comply with our contractual obligations to you. We (and/or our third-party vendors) use your financial information to process purchases made by you and to pay you amounts you have earned. Communicating with you: We use your data when we communicate with you (e.g., when we respond to a customer support or other inquiry). Improving our services: We use your data to understand how our services are being used and how we can improve them. In general, we analyze aggregated data, rather than specific user data. We may, however, need to analyze a specific case to address a specific problem (e.g., a bug that affects only a few accounts). Customizing your experience: We use your data to personalize the service to you. This may include remembering your preferences for language or volume or displaying videos that you might enjoy, based upon your viewing choices. Marketing and advertising: We use your data to show you ads on third-party sites, and to measure the effectiveness of those ads. Exercising our rights: Where reasonably necessary, we use your data to exercise our legal rights and prevent abuse of our service. For example, we may use your data to detect and prevent fraud, spam, or content that violates our Terms of Service. Legal compliance: We use your data where we are legally required to do so. For example, we may need to gather your data to respond to a subpoena or court order. Protecting your information: Where appropriate, we may anonymize, backup, and delete certain data. We may use algorithms and other automated means to implement any of the above. Whenever we process your data for one of these purposes, we have determined that one or more of the following lawful bases apply: Performance of a contract;Legitimate commercial interest;Compliance with a legal obligation; orConsent If you require further information about the balancing test that Vimeo has undertaken to justify its reliance on legitimate interest as a lawful basis of processing, see Section 15 for information on how to contact us. 5. With Whom We Share Your Data We share data with third parties as follows: As you instruct: We may make your profile and videos available to others as you instruct in using our services. We may share your data with persons to whom you have granted account-level access. With your consent: We may share your data with third parties where we have obtained your express consent to do so. Authorized vendors: We may share your data with third-party vendors that help us operate our services, process orders, and comply with your instructions and our contractual obligations. This includes payment processors, content delivery networks (CDNs), cloud-based hosting services, monitoring services, email service providers, quality assurance and testing vendors, fraud and abuse prevention vendors, customer relations management (CRM) vendors, and shipment vendors. Advertising: We may share your data with advertising companies to display relevant ads to you, and to measure the effectiveness of those ads. Analytics: We may share your data with analytics providers which help us understand how customers are using our services. We may also share identifying analytics information with the hosts of webinars you attend, or users of your organization-administered account (see below for more details). Affiliates and advisors: We may share your data with our auditors and advisors for planning, financial reporting, accounting, auditing, tax filings, and legal compliance. We may share your data with our affiliates to the extent necessary to provide you with the services ordered. Certain legal situations: We may share your data where we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or in connection with a corporate transaction as discussed in Section 6. Aggregated or anonymized information: We may publicly disclose non-personal aggregated or anonymized information such as our number of visitors and registered users.We use reasonable efforts to vet vendors for their privacy and data security practices. We require that such vendors agree to protect the data we share. Organization-Administered Accounts You may create a Vimeo account using an email address provided or assigned to you by an organization (such as your work email address). If the organization establishes a direct relationship with us, they may convert your personal account to become part of the organization's account. This means the organization may: Access information about your account activity;Take control of the account, including any content whether uploaded before or after the date that the organization converts your account to the organization's account; and/orDelete your account. If you sign up for a Vimeo account using an email address issued to you by an organization, Vimeo may share your personal information (e.g., name, email address) with such organization. If you do not want an organization to access or otherwise control an account, use a personal email address and do not use an organizational email address when creating an account. 6. Legal and Safety-Related Disclosures We may disclose your data in response to official requests (e.g., court orders, subpoenas, search warrants, national security requests, etc.) ("requests") that we receive from government authorities or parties to legal proceedings. We direct law enforcement agencies to our Law Enforcement Guidelines page. We handle U.S. requests in accordance with U.S. law. If the request originates from a foreign jurisdiction, we will typically disclose information where we in good faith believe that disclosure is permitted by both U.S. law and local law. In all cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us, in our sole discretion. We may disclose user data where we reasonably believe that someone's life is at risk. For example, if we become aware of a person threatening to commit suicide, we may share that person's data with appropriate entities that may have the ability to help. We may disclose user data to report suspected crimes. We report content suspected of exploiting minors to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC) along with the data identifying the uploading user. We may disclose user data in situations involving legal claims against us or one of our users. If you submit a Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) or other takedown notice, we may share that notice with the affected user. If you challenge such a notice, we may share your response with the complainant. We may share your data with potential transaction partners, advisors, and others in the event our company is, in whole or part, acquired by a third party. In such case, we will use reasonable efforts to require the acquiring entity to comply with this Privacy Policy. 7. Data Retention We retain your data for as long as you have an account. When you close an account, we will delete its content, including its videos. We may retain logs of automatically collected information (for internal analytics and security purposes); your email address; your tax information; communications with you; and your transactional information (for auditing, tax, and financial purposes). When we no longer have a business reason for retaining data, we will delete or anonymize it. We retain deleted videos on our servers for a short period in case you wish to reverse deletion. Once we delete a video, we may not be able to recover it. If you have previously made a video public, the video or its thumbnail may be discoverable in a search engine's cache for a time. We have no control over search engines; however, we will, upon request, send a request for deletion to major search engines. If we receive legal process pertaining to your account, we will retain your data for as long as we in good faith believe is necessary to comply with the legal process. Similarly, if we believe that your account has been involved in wrongdoing, we may preserve your data to defend or assert our rights. 8. Your Privacy Choices We enable you to make numerous choices about your data: You may choose not to provide us with certain information. For example, you may choose not to create an account or not to provide optional account information.You may change your account and video privacy settings. See Section 9 for more details.You may change or correct information voluntarily submitted to us. We encourage you to keep your data current by viewing your settings page.You may opt out of receiving commercial emails from us. See Section 10 for more details. You may limit the use of cookies. See our Cookie Policy for options.You may backup your videos.You may close your account (which will delete all videos) or delete certain videos. Users in certain jurisdictions may have additional rights. See Section 14 for more details. 9.Account and Video Privacy Settings As part of our services we offer you the ability to limit the distribution of your content, including your videos. This section explains some of your choices. Profile Some of our online subscription plans enable you to "hide" your profile or otherwise make it inaccessible on our website. Your profile will, however, remain accessible to persons who have access to your account or content. Team Members Some of our subscription plans enable you to grant account-level access rights to others. Persons with such access (" Team Members ") may be able to see and potentially alter your data. You may revoke or downgrade Team Member access at any time. Videos We enable you to manage the privacy settings of your videos. On Vimeo.com, for example, your options, which depend on your subscription plan, may include: Public: Your video will be publicly-available. Private: Your video will be available to you and authorized Team Members. Unlisted: Your video will be available to anyone who has the unique URL. Password: Your video may be accessed by anyone who enters the password you have set. You may change a video's privacy settings at any time. Changes will be applied on a go-forward basis. You may create a sharable link to your video for the purpose of sharing your video with others or embedding your video on a third-party website (including your own). Creating such a sharable link will override your privacy settings and will allow anyone who enters the link in a browser to view your video without restriction. Similarly, embedding your video on a publicly-available website will allow the public to view your video regardless of your privacy settings. You should exercise caution in granting access to others (whether through link sharing or passwords). Once you have granted access to someone else, you lose a degree of control over the distribution of your video as those persons may share the password and/or link with other people. Regardless of your profile or video privacy settings, Vimeo reserves the right to inspect them for compliance with its Terms of Service , to provide customer support, or to address technical issues. 10. Communications from Us Emails If you create an account, you may receive commercial emails from us. This includes newsletters and offers. You may always opt out from receiving commercial messages in your account settings. Please note that any opt-out request may take several days to process and you will continue to receive transactional emails from us (e.g., emails confirming transactions and/or providing information about your account). Mobile Device Communications We may, with your consent, send push notifications in our apps. You may disable these by declining them or changing the app's settings. To the extent provided, we may, with your consent, send SMS messages to your mobile telephone for authentication and security purposes. You may opt out of receiving such messages at any time. 11. Protecting Your Information We use physical, technical, and organizational security measures to safeguard your data from unauthorized or accidental disclosure. Despite these efforts, no information system can be 100% secure, so we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information. Users also have a role to play in keeping their data safe. We encourage you to use a unique and hard-to-guess password for your account and to not share it with others. You should only grant access rights to people who you know and trust, and, even then, you should be careful in granting all access rights. You should monitor your account regularly. If you believe that someone has gained access to your account without your permission, please contact us immediately so that we can investigate. 12. Your Responsibilities You may receive other people's data in using our service. If you receive information from other users, you must process that information in compliance with your published privacy policy and all applicable laws, including those concerning privacy, data security, and online marketing. 13. Third-Party Services We may provide access to online services that we do not own or operate via hyperlinks or integrations. These services fall outside of this Privacy Policy and we have no control over the data they collect. Once on a third-party site, your data may be collected by others. We encourage you to read our Third-Part y Service Addendum and the privacy policies of such services before using them. You may use our service through third-party sites. For example, you may watch a video that is embedded on a third-party site or use one of our apps on a third-party platform. This Privacy Policy covers our apps and video players, but does not cover any third-party site or any third-party video player. 14. International Data Transfers and Certain User Rights 14.1 Location of Data Vimeo is based in the United States.We provide services globally using computer systems, servers, and databases located in the U.S. and other countries. When you use our services from outside of the U.S., your information may be transferred to and processed in the U.S.. Please note that U.S. data and privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Residents of certain countries may be subject to additional protections as set forth in Sections 14.2 and 14.3 below. 14.2 GDPR (EEA and UK Users) This Section 14.2 applies only to natural persons residing in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom (for the purpose of this section only, "you" or "your" shall be limited accordingly). It is Vimeo's policy to comply with the EEA's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). In accordance with the GDPR, we may transfer your personal information from your home country to the U.S. (or other countries) based upon the following legal bases: Legitimate business interests: We could not provide our services or comply with our legal obligations without transferring your personal information to the U.S.Our use of Standard Contractual Clauses (also known as "Model Clauses") where appropriate. You have the right to: opt out of non-essential cookies (see our Cookie Policy ); access, correct, delete, restrict, or object to our use of your personal information; be forgotten; port your data; and withdraw consents. We enable exercise of these rights primarily through our services (which we reserve the right to modify). For example, we allow users to change their information, download their videos, and close their accounts. We also fulfil our obligations in response to direct requests. We will endeavor to process requests within one month. Please note that we may not be able to comply with requests to the extent that they would cause us to violate any law or infringe any other person's rights. We reserve the right to request appropriate identification. We will process requests free of charge unless they would impose an unreasonable cost on us. If you have a request, complaint or inquiry, please contact our Data Protection Officer at the address listed in Section 15 . We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any issue. You also have the right to file a complaint with the supervisory data protection authority of your jurisdiction. 14.3 U.S. State Privacy Disclosures and Consumer Rights Additional details about Vimeo’s data collection, use, and third-party disclosures can be found in our U.S. State Privacy Notice . 15. How to Contact Us For any questions, inquiries, or complaints relating to your privacy, please contact us at: Vimeo.com, Inc. Attention: Data Protection Officer 330 West 34th Street, 5th Floor New York, New York 10001 Privacy@vimeo.com Alternatively, if you are in the UK or EU/EEA and would like to exercise your rights or have questions about our processing of personal data, you may contact our local representative for EU/EEA or the UK. For the EU/EEA: RA Robert Niedermeier, DATA BUSINESS SERVICES GmbH & CO KG-Germany, Noerdliche Muenchner Str 47, 82031 Gruenwald/Munich, Germany ; or by email at niedermeier@db5.io . For the UK: RA Robert Niedermeier, DATA BUSINESS SERVICES GmbH & CO KG-UK, Golden Cross House, 8 Duncannon Street, Greater London WC2N4JF, London, England ; or by email at niedermeier@db5.io . Use cases Product Resources Apps Vimeo © 2023 Vimeo.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Language: English Mature content filter: Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be disabled. You may be able to configure your Internet browser to block strictly necessary cookies. However, if you block cookies in this category, which do not collect or store any personal information, this could affect some parts of the website and cause it to function incorrectly. Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits, identify traffic sources and understand how our services are used to measure and improve performance. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you visited our site and we will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies These cookies improve functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by other third-party providers whose services we add to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all of these additional functions may not work properly. Targeting Cookies Our advertising partners may set these cookies on our site. They can be used to show you our ads on third-party sites, measure the effectiveness of those ads, or prevent ads from being shown to you. They do not store personal information directly, but rather uniquely identify your browser and device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will not receive targeted advertising.Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelWe use cookies. Necessary Necessary Functional Functional Statistics Statistics Marketing Marketing Unclassified Unclassified BIGipServer# Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Session HTTP __cf_bm [x11] 891-blc-619.mktoweb.com Marketo Ericsson JQuery www.ericssonlg.com This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. 1 day HTTP _cs_c [x7] Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. 13 months HTTP _cs_mk [x2] Ericsson ericsson.ca Random number_timestamp in milliseconds Session HTTP AI_buffer [x2] Used in context with the "AI_sentBuffer" in order to limit the number of data-server-updates (Azure). This synergy also allows the website to detect any duplicate data-server-updates. Session HTML AI_sentBuffer [x2] Used in context with the "AI_buffer" in order to limit the number of data-server-updates (Azure). This synergy also allows the website to detect any duplicate data-server-updates. Session HTML ai_session [x5] Preserves users states across page requests. 1 day HTTP aws-waf-token [x2] f26b586b8d52.1c63f7f4.eu-west-3.token.awswaf.com Used to encrypt and contain visitor data. This is necessary for the security of the user data. Session HTTP CookieConsent [x9] Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain 1 year HTTP Ericsson_Subscription_Popup_Closed Functional cookie for browsing Ericsson.com 3 months HTTP RSMKTO1 [x2] These encrypted cookies provide load balancing. Session HTTP rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Persistent HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Session HTML .AspNetCore.Antiforgery.# [x3] Ericsson www.ericssonlg.com Helps prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks. Session HTTP UserMarket [x4] Ericsson www.ericssonlg.com Sets the current market for the user. 1 year HTTP li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain 180 days HTTP PHPSESSID Preserves user session state across page requests. Session HTTP stsservicecookie Used in connection with the synchronisation between the website and third-party Data Management Platform. The cookie serves to monitor this process for security reasons. Session HTTP x-ms-gateway-slice Used in connection with the synchronisation between the website and third-party Data Management Platform. The cookie serves to monitor this process for security reasons. Session HTTP datadome Used in context with the website's BotManager. The BotManager detects, categorizes and compiles reports on potential bots trying to access the website. Session HTTP cf_chl_1 This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. 1 day HTTP cf_chl_cc_# This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Session HTTP cf_chl_rc_m This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. 1 day HTTP bscookie This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. 1 year HTTP JSESSIONID Preserves users states across page requests. Session HTTP CONSENT [x2] Used to detect if the visitor has accepted the marketing category in the cookie banner. This cookie is necessary for GDPR-compliance of the website. 2 years HTTP geolocation [x3] This cookie is used to determine the preferred country setting selected by the visitor. Persistent HTML CookieConsentBulkSetting-# [x2] Enables cookie consent across multiple websites Persistent HTML li_alerts Used to determine when and where certain pop-ups on the website should be presented for the user and remember whether the user has closed these, to keep them from showing multiple times. 1 year HTTP __utma Collects data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Used by Google Analytics. 2 years HTTP __utmb Registers a timestamp with the exact time of when the user accessed the website. Used by Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a website visit. 1 day HTTP __utmc Registers a timestamp with the exact time of when the user leaves the website. Used by Google Analytics to calculate the duration of a website visit.Session HTTP __utmd This cookie is used to assign specific visitors into segments, this segmentation is based on visitor behavior on the website - the segmentation can be used to target larger groups. 1 day HTTP __utmv Saves user-defined tracking parameters for use in Google Analytics. Session HTTP __utmz Collects data on where the user came from, what search engine was used, what link was clicked and what search term was used. Used by Google Analytics. 6 months HTTP object(quot;#-#-#T#:#:#.#Zquot;) Pending Persistent HTML _cs_id [x7] Registers statistical data on visitors' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. 13 months HTTP _cs_root-domain [x3] Registers how the user has reached the website to enable pay-out of referral commission fees to partners. Session HTTP _cs_s [x7] This cookie is used to identify the frequency of visits and how long the visitor is on the website. The cookie is also used to determine how many and which subpages the visitor visits on a website – this information can be used by the website to optimize the domain and its subpages. 1 day HTTP _ga [x3] Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. 2 years HTTP _ga_# [x3] Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. 2 years HTTP _gat [x2] Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate 1 day HTTP _gd# [x2] ericsson.ca Ericsson Pending Session HTTP _gid [x2] Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. 1 day HTTP FPAU [x3] www.ericsson.ca Ericsson www.ericssonlg.com Assigns a specific ID to the visitor. This allows the website to determine the number of specific user-visits for analysis and statistics. Session HTTP FPID [x3] www.ericsson.ca Ericsson www.ericssonlg.com Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Session HTTP FPLC [x3] www.ericsson.ca Ericsson www.ericssonlg.com Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Session HTTP _cs_same_site [x5] Registers data on visitors' website-behaviour. This is used for internal analysis and website optimization. Session HTTP ai_user [x5] Used by Microsoft Application Insights software to collect statistical usage and telemetry information. The cookie stores a unique identifier to recognize users on returning visits over time. 1 year HTTP ln_or [x6] Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. 1 day HTTP collect [x2] Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Session Pixel .EPiForm_BID [x3] Ericsson www.ericssonlg.com This cookie is used to distinguish the browser that the visitor is using. The server automatically assigns an ID string to that browser, so that the website can identify the visitor again when reentering the website. 3 months HTTP .EPiForm_VisitorIdentifier [x3] Ericsson www.ericssonlg.com This cookie is used to identify the visitor when reentering the website, by using the ID string contained in the .EPiForm_BID cookie. 3 months HTTP EPiStateMarker [x3] Ericsson www.ericssonlg.com This cookie is used to distinguish the browser that the visitor is using. The server automatically assigns an ID string to that browser, so that the website can identify the visitor again when reentering the website. Session HTTP AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. 30 days HTTP fpc Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. 30 days HTTP j/collect Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Session Pixel cookiesession1 sfgw.leadspace.com Sets a ID for the visitor. This serves to count the number of specific visitors on the website. 1 year HTTP personalization_id This cookie is set by Twitter. The cookie allows the visitor to share content from the website on his/her Twitter profile. 2 years HTTP _cs_t Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded with the purpose of generating reports for optimising the website content. Session HTTP td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator.Session Pixel CMID Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. 1 year HTTP CMPRO Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. 3 months HTTP CMPS Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. 3 months HTTP tuuid Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Session HTTP tuuid_lu Contains a unique visitor ID, which allows Bidswitch.com to track the visitor across multiple websites. This allows Bidswitch to optimize advertisement relevance and ensure that the visitor does not see the same ads multiple times. Session HTTP IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. 1 year HTTP pagead/landing [x2] Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Session Pixel pagead/viewthroughconversion/834776053 Pending Session Pixel test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. 1 day HTTP _gcl_au [x2] Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. 3 months HTTP _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. 3 months HTTP _gaexp www.googleoptimize.com This cookie is used by Google Analytics to determine if the visitor is involved in their marketing experiments. 41 days HTTP _mkto_trk [x3] Marketo 2 years HTTP BE_CLA3 cdn.b0e8.com Enables data aggregation, analysis and report creation to assess marketing effectiveness and for website performance. 558 days HTTP lpCookie [x6] Used to store the location.pathname of the first three pages a user visits in a session. Session HTTP pagead/1p-conversion/# Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Session Pixel pagead/1p-conversion/#/ [x2] Pending Session Pixel pagead/1p-conversion/834776053/ Pending Session Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/# Tracks if the user has shown interest in specific products or events across multiple websites and detects how the user navigates between sites. This is used for measurement of advertisement efforts and facilitates payment of referral-fees between websites. Session Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/834776053/ [x3] Pending Session Pixel bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. 1 year HTTP lang Set by LinkedIn when a web page contains an embedded "Follow us" panel. Session HTTP li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. 3 months HTTP lidc Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. 1 day HTTP UserMatchHistory Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. 30 days HTTP 1/i/adsct [x2] Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Session Pixel muc_ads Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. 2 years HTTP tv_UIDM Pending 2 years HTTP tvid Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. 1 year HTTP guest_id Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and which pages have been loaded, with the purpose of personalising and improving the Twitter service. 2 years HTTP guest_id_ads Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website.2 years HTTP guest_id_marketing Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. 2 years HTTP i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Session Pixel RichHistory Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Session HTML LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Session HTTP nextId [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Session HTTP requests [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Session HTTP yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Persistent HTML ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML YtIdbMeta#databases [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Persistent IDB yt-remote-cast-available [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-cast-installed [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-connected-devices [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML yt-remote-device-id [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-session-app [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-session-name [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore Pending Persistent IDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Session HTTP ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Persistent IDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. 1 day HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. 180 days HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Session HTTP brightedge3.php Pending Session Pixel tracker/track.gif Pending Session Pixel tint_identify_traits Pending Persistent HTML __cdrop [x2] Pending 1 year HTTP __csess [x2] Pending Session HTTP _mkto_cross [x2] Pending 2 years HTTP _vs Pending 400 days HTTP cf_fb_hash [x2] Pending Session HTTP cf_fb_page_tab [x2] Pending Session HTTP cf_fb_publish_url [x2] Pending Session HTTP cf_liked [x2] Pending Session HTTP qualityVisit Pending Session HTML tint-anonymous-uid Pending 1 year HTTP awswaf_session_storage f26b586b8d52.1c63f7f4.eu-west-3.token.awswaf.com Pending Persistent HTML awswaf_token_refresh_timestamp f26b586b8d52.1c63f7f4.eu-west-3.token.awswaf.com Pending Persistent HTML cf_token Pending Session HTTP EPiStartUrlKey [x3] Ericsson www.ericssonlg.com Pending Session HTTP _vscid Pending 400 days HTTP aws:cognito-identity-ids#IdentityIds Pending Persistent IDB bil_test_seen Pending Persistent HTML CloseButtonClicked Pending Session HTTP Cookies are small text files that can be used by websites to make a user's experience more efficient. The law states that we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. For all other types of cookies we need your permission. This site uses different types of cookies. Some cookies are placed by third party services that appear on our pages. For more information go to https://www.ericsson.com/en/legal/privacy/cookies Search Your location is listed as United States United States Cookie Policy Close menu Cookie Policy What are cookies and similar technologies and what do they do? Cookies Cookies are small text files that websites store on your browser, computer, mobile device or tablet, for varying periods. They improve your browsing experience, enable statistical analysis and advanced functions, simplify logging in and personalization, and are sometimes used for targeted advertising. Pixels Pixels are small images on a website or in an email enabling for example to measure the effectiveness of advertising.Pixels collect information about your browser or device and can set cookies on your browser. Local Storage Local storage allows data about your browser or device to be stored locally on your browser or device and includes HTML5 local storage and browser cache. Software Development Kits (SDKs) SDKs may be installed in our services. SDKs may help us understand how you interact with our website or services and may collect information about the device and network you use to access our applications. Session cookies and persistent cookies We use cookies and similar technologies on our websites to compile statistical information and analyze how people use our websites. This helps us provide more functionality and makes our site easier and better to use. There are two main types of cookies: “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies. Session cookies last only while you have your web browser open. The session cookies are erased when you close your browser. This type of cookie helps the site to function correctly. For example, to expand and collapse menus, to make the Ericsson font appear properly on your screen, or to save your progress through a form. Persistent cookies will persist even after you close your browser. How long they persist depends on how they were first set up - the period can vary from minutes to up to 2 years on Ericsson websites. Persistent cookies are used to store the preferences of your current visit, to be used for future visits (such as remembering your location or language preferences, your areas of interest, or other settings that customize your experience). They also help with statistics, analytics, and advertising. Cookies for statistics and analysis On Ericsson websites, we use cookies and similar technologies from other companies that we work with, who then provide statistics that we can analyze to make our websites better and provide our visitors with more relevant content. To opt out from analytics tracking provided by Google, you can visit the page here . Third party cookies for advertising We do not allow third-party advertisements on our websites, but we do advertise our products and solutions on other sites. Some of the third-party sites on which we advertise may drop cookies and similar technologies on both our websites and third-party websites. They use those cookies to store information about products and services in which you have shown an interest as you browse our website and other websites. The information from those cookies allows the third-party sites to display the most appropriate advertisements for you. In some cases, those cookies may lead to the third-party site showing you our advertisements. Your choice - controlling cookies You can control how we use cookies by adjusting the settings within our cookie banner. Click the button below if you want to withdraw or review your cookie consent for our websites. If you make the choice of disallowing all cookies within your browser settings, any settings you make within the banner will not be saved. Remember, if you do disable or delete cookies, you will not have access to the full functionality of our website. Please note that opting out of retargeted advertising cookies will not stop third-party sites from showing advertisement to you - you will still see advertising on those third-party sites. However, they will not be specifically targeted to you. Cookies on www.ericsson.com Phone: +1 972 583 0000 (General Inquiry)Phone: +1 866 374 2272 (HR Inquiry)Email: U.S. Inside Sales Update cookie consent | © Telefonaktiebolaget LM Ericsson 1994-2023 You seem to be using an old web browser. To experience www.ericsson.com in the best way, please upgrade to another browser e.g., Edge Chromium, Google Chrome or Firefox.Privacy Information Learn how Salesforce is responding to the new SCCs in Salesforce's FAQ about transfers of personal data Learn more Learn about our commitment to privacy Resources in respect of how we protect our customer's data as a processor Resources in respect of how we protect data as a controller COMPLIANCE CONTACT INFORMATION To exercise your rights relating to your personal data, or if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please fill out this form , or email us at privacy@salesforce.com. For more information about contacting us, see the “Contacting Us” section below. Privacy Statement Highlights Important information Responsible Salesforce entity Purposes for which we process Personal Data We collect and process Personal Data for a variety of purposes, including: to provide our websites and social media branded pages;to display personalized advertisements and content;to manage event registrations and attendance (including ensuring the health and safety of our visitors and employees); to send communications;to handle contact and user support requests;to provide and optimize the performance of our services; to bill for our services and manage our accounts (including usage and licensing compliance); to maintain the security of Salesforce and its services;to administer surveys and conduct research; andto comply with our legal obligations. For the list of purposes for which we Process your Personal Data, please see the full Privacy Statement We only collect and process your Personal Data to the extent it is necessary for fulfilling these purposes and where we can rely on a legal basis for such processing as set out in our full Privacy Statement. Where required, we will ask you for your prior consent to processing. Please review the "What Personal Data do we collect?" and "Purposes for which we process Personal Data and the legal bases on which we rely" sections in our full Privacy Statement for further details. Also, please review the "How long do we keep your Personal Data?" section to learn how long we store your Personal Data. Who do we share Personal Data with? We may share Personal Data with various parties, including: Our contracted service providers that process Personal Data on our behalf for IT and system administration, credit card processing, research and analytics, marketing, customer support and data enrichment;Affiliates within our current or future corporate group that process Personal Data for customer support, marketing, event management, technical operations and account management;If you are using our services as an authorized user, with the Salesforce customer responsible for your access to the services for verifying your account, and reviewing compliance with our usage terms and policies; Sponsors of events, webinar or contests for which you register;Third-party networks and websites so that we can advertise on their platforms;Specifically in relation to our AppExchange website, with our third-party partners who may contact you regarding their products or services; andProfessional advisers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services. Please review the "Who do we share Personal Data with" section in our full Privacy Statement for the full list and more detailed information. International transfer of Personal Data Your Personal Data may be collected, transferred to and stored by us in the United States and by our affiliates and third parties (as disclosed in the full Privacy Statement) in other countries. Therefore, your Personal Data may be processed outside your country or jurisdiction, including in places that may not provide the same level of protection. As described in the "International transfer of Personal Data" section of our full Privacy Statement, we have implemented safeguards to ensure an adequate level of protection where your Personal Data is transferred.Your rights relating to your Personal Data You have certain rights relating to your Personal Data, subject to local data protection laws. Depending on the applicable laws, these rights may include the right to: Access your Personal Data held by us;Know more about how we process your Personal Data;Rectify inaccurate Personal Data and, taking into account the purpose of processing the Personal Data, ensure it is complete;Erase or delete your Personal Data;Restrict our processing of your Personal Data;Transfer your Personal Data to another controller, to the extent possible;Object to any processing of your Personal Data;Opt out of certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties; Know what categories of Personal Data are shared for delivering advertisements on non Salesforce websites, applications, and services and the categories of recipients of such Personal Data;Opt out of the sharing of your Personal Data for delivering advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications, and services;If you’re under the age of 16, or such other applicable age of consent for privacy purposes in relevant individual jurisdictions, opt in to certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties; Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects;Withdraw your consent at any time (to the extent we base processing on consent); and Not be discriminated against for exercising your rights as described above. For more details on your rights and choices and how to exercise them, please review the "Your rights relating to your Personal Data" section in our full Privacy Statement. Contacting us To exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, or if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please fill out this form , email us at privacy@salesforce.com or datasubjectrequest@salesforce.com , call us at 1-844-287-7147 or write to us at: Salesforce Data Protection Officer (Salesforce Privacy Team) (and in India, a Grievance Officer) 415 Mission St., 3rd Floor San Francisco, CA 94105, USA When you contact us, please indicate in which country and/or state you reside. If you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are located in the EEA or the UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. If you work or reside in a country that is a member of the European Union or that is in the EEA, you may find the contact details for your appropriate data protection authority on the following website . Privacy Privacy Statement Salesforce Privacy Statement, effective as of July 24, 2023 1. Responsible Salesforce entity Salesforce, Inc. and/or its affiliated entities (“Salesforce, “we”, “us”, or the “Company”) are responsible for the processing of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Statement, unless specified otherwise, and act as the controller of such Personal Data. A list of Salesforce’s affiliates can be found in the List of Subsidiaries section of Salesforce’s most recent Form 10-K, available under the SEC Filings tab by selecting the “Annual Filings” filter on the page located here . This Privacy Statement does not apply to the extent we process Personal Data in the role of a processor or service provider on behalf of our customers, including where we offer to our customers various products and services through which our customers (or their affiliates): (i) create their own websites and applications running on our platforms; (ii) sell or offer their own products and services; (iii) send electronic communications to others; or (iv) otherwise collect, use, share or process Personal Data via our products and services. For detailed privacy information related to a Salesforce customer or a customer affiliate who uses Salesforce products and services as the controller, please contact our customer directly. We are not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of our customers, which may differ from those explained in this Privacy Statement. For more information, please also see Section 10.3 below. 2.Processing activities covered This Privacy Statement applies to the processing of Personal Data collected by us when you: Visit our websites that display or link to this Privacy Statement;Visit our branded social media pages;Visit our offices;Receive communications from us or otherwise communicate with us, including but not limited to emails, phone calls, texts or faxes;Use our products and services where we act as a controller of your Personal Data;Register for, attend or take part in our events, webinars, programs, trainings, certifications or contests;Act as or work for a service provider or supplier to Salesforce, to the extent Salesforce acts as a controller with respect to your Personal Data; Are employed by a customer of our products and services where your information has been shared with us in our capacity as a controller (for example, during the contracting process); Participate in a Salesforce community such as that focused on open source development; orParticipate in surveys, research or other similar data collection facilitated by us. We also host several online marketplaces such as AppExchange, which is an online marketplace for on-demand web applications that run on the Salesforce platform and that may be provided by us or by third parties (see https://appexchange.salesforce.com/ ), Tableau’s Extension Gallery ( https://extensiongallery.tableau.com ) which offers connectors and solutions that provide additional functionality for Tableau, such as dashboard extensions, and the Slack App Directory ( https://tinyspeck.slack.com/apps ), which offers number applications that integrate with Slack. When applications, connectors, extensions or other solutions are provided by us and they link to this Privacy Statement, this Privacy Statement applies. When these offerings are provided by third parties, the privacy statement of the third party applies and this Privacy Statement does not. Our websites and services may contain links to other websites, applications, platforms and services maintained by third parties. The information practices of these third parties, including the social media platforms that host our branded social media pages, are governed by their privacy statements, which you should review to better understand their privacy practices In some circumstances, we also collect, or our partners provide us with, publicly available information which may contain Personal Data that you have published or that has been made available online. The way in which our partners collect this is detailed in their own privacy policies, available on their websites. 3. What Personal Data do we collect? 3.1 Personal Data we collect directly from you The Personal Data we collect directly from you may include identifiers, professional or employment-related information, financial account information, commercial information, visual information, and internet activity information, among others.We may collect such information in the following situations: Situations Categories of Personal Data If you express an interest in obtaining additional information about our services; request customer support (including accessing the Help & Training Portal); use our “Contact Us” or similar features; register to use our websites or to receive communications; sign up for an event, webinar or contest; participate in a program, training, certification or survey; use our products and services; download certain content; or are employed by a customer of our products and services where your information has been shared with us Contact information, such as your name, job title, company name, address, phone number, email address, username and password, other information you have voluntarily chosen to share If you make purchases via our websites or register for an event or webinar Contact information, financial and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number or bank account information If you attend an event Attendee badge information which may include name, title, company name, address, country, phone number and email address, image and video If you give your explicit consent and only for specified events, your biometric information, such as an image of your facial features for identification purposes During the Covid-19 pandemic, this may also include health status, including your temperature, COVID-19-related symptoms, exposure to COVID-19 positive individuals, vaccination status, testing results, and recent travel history If you register with us for a variety of purposes, including joining a community that we host or participating in a program, training or certification Username, photo, video or other biographical information, such as your occupation, location, social media profiles or usernames, company name, areas of expertise and interests If you interact with our websites or emails Information about your device and your usage of our websites or emails (such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or other identifiers), which may qualify as Personal Data (please see Section 4 below) using cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies If you use and interact with our products and services Information about your device and your usage of our services through log files and other technologies, some of which may qualify as Personal Data (including Usage Data) (please see Section 4 below) If you communicate with us via a phone call If you communicate with us via a phone call If you visit our offices Name, email address, phone number, company name, time and date of arrival, image or video During the Covid-19 pandemic, this may also include health status, including your temperature, COVID-19-related symptoms, exposure to COVID-19 positive individuals, vaccination status, testing results, and recent travel history If you voluntarily submit certain information to us, such as filling out a survey, responding to a questionnaire or participating in other forms of research Information you have provided as part of that request, which may include Personal Data and special categories of Personal Data, to the extent you voluntarily choose to provide it If you are a supplier or service provider to Salesforce (or work for a supplier or service provider) Contact information, payment and billing information If you provide us, our service providers or our affiliates with any Personal Data relating to other individuals, you represent that you have the authority to do so, and where required, have obtained the necessary consent, and acknowledge that it may be used in accordance with this Privacy Statement. If you believe that your Personal Data has been provided to us improperly, or want to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below. 3.2 Personal Data we collect from other sources We also collect information about you from other sources including partners from whom we collect or purchase Personal Data or who provide us with publicly available information which may contain Personal Data. We may combine this information with Personal Data provided by you. Provision of the services: The Personal Data we collect to provide our products and services may include information you have made publicly available online (such as when using social media sites) or that is published by third parties and contains information about you (such as news articles). For a select number of services, we collect this Personal Data from partners who may receive this data when you visit or use their services or through the third parties they work with.In addition, the Personal Data we collect to provide our products and services may include location information from third parties, which helps us offer features like identity management and multi-factor authentication.Advertising: The Personal Data we collect from other sources for the purposes of tailored advertising includes identifiers, professional or employment-related information, education information, commercial information, visual information, internet activity information, and inferences about preferences and behaviors. We, collect this from third party providers of business contact information, including mailing addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behavior data), IP addresses, social media profiles, LinkedIn URLs and custom profiles for purposes of targeted advertising, delivering relevant email content, event promotion and profiling, determining eligibility and verifying contact information. This helps us update, expand, and analyze our records, identify new customers, and create more tailored advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you. Additional sources: In addition to the aforementioned, we collect Personal Data from the following sources: Another individual at your organization who may provide us with your personal information, which may include Personal Data and special categories of Personal Data, to the extent you consent to providing it and sharing it, for the purposes of obtaining services and assessing our goals related to encouraging diversity within our vendors; and Platforms such as GitHub to manage code check-ins and pull requests. If you participate in an open-source or community development project, we may associate your code repository username with your community account so we can inform you of program changes that are important to your participation or relate to additional security requirements. Only where necessary for security purposes, we may collect information that is publicly available online (such as accessible through search engines or public social media sites), as well as images, physical descriptions and other pertinent information necessary to address a credible security threat to our employees, events or premises. 4. What Device and Usage Data do we process? We use common information-gathering tools, such as tools for collecting data, cookies, web beacons, pixels, and similar technologies to collect information that may contain Personal Data as you navigate our websites, our services, or interact with emails we have sent to you. 4.1 Device and Usage Data As is true of most websites, we gather certain device information when individual users visit our websites. This information may include (i) identifiers, such as user ID, organization ID, username, email address and user type; (ii) commercial information; and (iii) internet activity information such as IP address (or proxy server information), device and application information, identification numbers, location,browser type, Internet service provider or mobile carrier, user interactions such as the pages and files viewed, website and webpage interactions including searches and other actions you take, operating system type and version, system configuration information, date and time stamps associated with your usage and details of which of our products and product versions you are using. This information is used for the purposes set out in section 5 of this Privacy Statement below. In addition, we gather certain information automatically as part of your use of our products and services (“Usage Data”).. This information may include identifiers, commercial information, and internet activity information such as IP address (or proxy server), mobile device number, device and application identification numbers, location, browser type, Internet service provider or mobile carrier, the pages and files viewed, website and webpage interactions including searches and other actions you take, operating system type and version, system configuration information, date and time stamps associated with your usage and details of which of our products and product versions you are using. This information is used for the purposes set out in detail in section 5 of this Privacy Statement below. In addition, we may use aggregated Usage Data for other internal business purposes, such as to identify additional customer opportunities and to ensure that we are meeting the demands of our customers and their users. Please note that this Usage Data is primarily used to identify the uniqueness of each user logging on (as opposed to specific individuals), apart from where it is strictly required to identify an individual for security purposes or as required as part of our provision of the services to our customers. For more information regarding Tableau specifically, please see here and here . When data is used for controller purposes, Slack may refer to the aforementioned categories of personal data as Other Information within Slack’s websites.4.2 Cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies on our website and in email communications We use technologies such as web beacons, pixels, tags, and JavaScript, alone or in conjunction with cookies, to gather information about the use of our websites and how people interact with our emails. When you visit our websites, we, or an authorized third party, may place a cookie on your device that collects information, including Personal Data, about your online activities over time and across different sites. Cookies allow us to track use, infer browsing preferences, and improve and customize your browsing experience. We use both session-based and persistent cookies on our websites. Session-based cookies exist only during a single session and disappear from your device when you close your browser or turn off the device. Persistent cookies remain on your device after you close your browser or turn your device off. To change your cookie settings and preferences for one of our websites, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page. You can also control the use of cookies on your device, but choosing to disable cookies on your device may limit your ability to use some features on our websites and services. We also use web beacons and pixels on our websites and in emails. For example, we may place a pixel in a marketing email that notifies us when you click on a link in the email. We use these technologies to operate and improve our websites and marketing emails. – please see more details in the “Advertising Cookies” row in the table below. For instructions on how to unsubscribe from our marketing emails, please see Section 10.4 below. The following describes how we use different categories of cookies and similar technologies and your options for managing the data collection settings of these technologies: Required cookies Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, authentication cookies, and security cookies. If you have chosen to identify yourself to us, we may place on your browser a cookie that allows us to uniquely identify you when you are logged into the websites and to process your online transactions and requests. Because required cookies are essential to operate the websites, there is no option to opt out of these cookies. Functional cookies Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyze site traffic, cookies used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not directed to a particular individual. Functional cookies may also be used to improve how our websites function and to help us provide you with more relevant communications, including marketing communications. These cookies collect information about how our websites are used, including which pages are viewed most often. We may use our own technology or third-party technology to track and analyze usage information to provide enhanced interactions and more relevant communications, and to track the performance of our advertisements. Salesforce may also use HTML5 local storage or Flash cookies for the above-mentioned purposes. These technologies differ from browser cookies in the amount and type of data they store, and how they store it. We need your prior consent to use functional cookies. To change your cookie settings and preferences, including those for functional cookies, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page. To learn how to control functional cookies via your individual browser settings, click here . To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click here Advertising cookies Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests and to direct marketing to them. We sometimes use cookies delivered by us or by third parties to show you ads for our products that we think may interest you on devices you use and to track the performance of our advertisements. For example, these cookies collect information such as which browser you used when visiting our websites. Salesforce also contracts with third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other information from web beacons on our websites, from emails and on third-party websites. Advertising networks follow your online activities over time and across different websites or other online services by collecting certain data through automated means, including through the use of cookies. These technologies may recognize you across the different devices you use. When we work with third party advertising networks, we require them to restrict their data processing to only what is necessary to provide us with the advertising services we request. We need your prior consent to use of targeting and advertising cookies.To change your cookie settings and preferences, including those for targeting and advertising cookies, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page. See Section 4.3, below, to learn more about these and other advertising networks and your ability to opt out of collection by certain third parties. For more information about Tableau and Slack’s use of cookies specifically, please see the Tableau Cookie Policy and the Slack Cookie Policy . 4.3 Notices on behavioral advertising and opt-out for website visitors As described above, we or one of our authorized partners may place or read cookies on your device when you visit our websites for the purpose of serving you targeted advertising (also referred to as “online behavioral advertising” or “interest-based advertising”). To learn more about targeted advertising and advertising networks, please visit the opt-out pages of the Network Advertising Initiative, here , and the Digital Advertising Alliance, here . To opt-out of targeted advertising that is provided to us and to third parties by Salesforce Audience Studio, click here . To manage the use of targeting and advertising cookies on this website, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page or consult your individual browser settings for cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click here . Various browsers may also offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 local storage. 4.4 Opt-Out from the setting of cookies on your individual browser In addition to using the user preference center, in many cases you may opt-out from the collection of non-essential device data on your web browser (see Section 4.1 above) by managing your cookies at the browser or device level. In addition, if you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising, click here (or, if located in the European Union or United Kingdom, click here ). To opt-out of targeted advertising that is provided to us and to third parties by Salesforce Audience Studio, click here . Please note, however, that by blocking or deleting cookies and similar technologies used on our websites, you may not be able to take full advantage of the websites. While some internet browsers offer a “do not track” or “DNT” option that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked, these features are not yet uniform and there is no common standard adopted by industry groups, technology companies, or regulators. Therefore, we do not currently commit to responding to browsers’ DNT signals with respect to our websites. Salesforce takes privacy and meaningful choice seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor developments around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard. 4.5 Social Media Features Our websites may use social media features, such as the “Tweet” button and other sharing widgets (“Social Media Features”). Social Media Features may allow you to post information about your activities on our website to outside platforms and social networks. Social Media Features may also allow you to like or highlight information we have posted on our website or our branded social media pages. Social Media Features are either hosted by each respective platform or hosted directly on our website. To the extent the Social Media Features are hosted by the platforms themselves, and you click through to these from our websites, the platform may receive information showing that you have visited our websites. If you are logged in to your social media account, it is possible that the respective social media network can link your visit to our websites with your social media profile. Salesforce also allows you to log in to certain of our websites using sign-in services. These services authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain Personal Data from these services with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign-up form. Your interactions with Social Media Features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies providing them. 4.6 Telephony log information If you use certain features of our services on a mobile device, we may also collect telephony log information (like phone numbers, time and date of calls, duration of calls, SMS routing information and types of calls), device event information (such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser language), and location information (through IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide us with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers). 5.Purposes for which we process Personal Data and the legal bases on which we rely We collect and process your Personal Data (including, where legally permissible, special categories of Personal Data) for the following purposes and relying on the following legal bases: Purpose Description Legal basis Providing our websites (including our social media pages) We process your Personal Data to operate and administer our websites and to provide you with the content you access and request Our legitimate interest in providing online content to our customers and prospective customers regarding our service offering and related information Improving our websites We process your Personal Data to analyze overall trends and help us improve the user experience on our websites Our legitimate interest in providing a relevant and well-functioning website for the benefit of our website visitors Promoting the security of our websites We process your Personal Data by tracking use of our websites and verifying and investigating activity Our legitimate interest in promoting the safety and security of our websites and in protecting our rights and the rights of others Displaying personalized advertisements and content We process your Personal Data to conduct market research, advertise to you, provide personalized information about us on and off our websites and to provide other personalized content based upon your activities and interests Our legitimate interest in advertising our products and services or, where necessary, to the extent you have provided your prior consent Please see Section 10 below, to learn how you can control the processing of your Personal Data by Salesforce for personalized advertising purposes Registering visitors We process your Personal Data, including registration information and associated non-disclosure information, for security reasons Our legitimate interest in protecting our offices, staff, visitors and our confidential information against unauthorized access Managing event registrations and attendance We process your Personal Data to plan and host events or webinars for which you have registered or that you attend, including sending related communications to you Where you explicitly consent, we also may process your biometric Personal Data to facilitate event registration and for security reasons Performance of a contract or where we receive your explicit consent Ensuring the health of our visitors and employees We process your Personal Data (which may include special categories of Personal Data) (where legally permitted) during office visits and at events during the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure the health and safety of our visitors and employees Consent and explicit consent or in our legitimate interest to ensure the health of our employees and visitors where necessary for reasons of public interest in the area of public health Ensuring the safety and security of our employees, events and premises We process your Personal Data where necessary based on a credible threat to our employees, events or premises Our legitimate interest in protecting our employees, events and premises Sending communications We process your Personal Data to send you marketing information, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications (e.g., marketing newsletters, telemarketing calls, SMS or push notifications, information about our products, news or events) about us, our affiliates and partners Our legitimate interest in conducting direct marketing or where you have provided your prior consent (please see Section 10 below to learn how you can control the processing of your Personal Data by Salesforce for marketing purposes) Recording phone calls We process your Personal Data, including recording phone calls (in accordance with applicable laws) for training, quality assurance, and administration purposes If required under applicable law, we will give you the option to object to a call being recorded Consent or our legitimate interest in maintaining the high quality of our phone calls with users Handling contact and user support requests We process your Personal Data, if you fill out a “Contact Me” web form or request user support, or if you contact us by other means including but not limited to via phone Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in fulfilling your requests and communicating with you Providing our services We process your Personal Data to perform our contract with you for the provision of our services and to satisfy our obligations under the applicable terms of use Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest to provide and administer our services Developing and optimizing the performance of the services We process your Personal Data to develop, optimize, and improve the performance of the services Legitimate interest to develop services and ensure that the services are performing in line with customer expectations; if special categories of Personal Data are processed, where the Personal Data is manifestly made public by the data subject Providing personalized interactions We process your Personal Data to customize our interactions with you Legitimate interest to offer the best-in class services to our customers Managing our customer and user accounts We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) to manage customer and user accounts generally, such as billing, customer correspondence and customer relationship management Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in the management of customer and user accounts Managing usage and licensing compliance We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) to assess and manage usage and licensing compliance with the applicable terms of use of our services Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in managing the provision of our services to customers Preparing internal reports and business modeling We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) for internal reporting and business modeling purposes (e.g., forecasting, revenue, capacity planning, product strategy) Our legitimate interest in the management of our business operations Maintaining our security We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of maintaining Salesforce’s own security, including investigating, detecting and preventing suspicious activity, fraud and cybercrime that may affect Salesforce or its services Our legitimate interest in promoting the safety and security of Salesforce generally and to protect our rights and the rights of others Managing compensation for employees We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of determining compensation for Salesforce employees, such as commission Necessary for the performance of a contract with an employee or our legitimate interest in fairly compensating our employees Undertaking financial reporting We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of financial reporting Our legitimate interest in meeting our obligations associated with the reporting of our finances Aggregating data We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of aggregating this information to ensure that it is no longer identifying Our legitimate interest in minimizing the amount of Personal Data processed as part of the noted processing activity Managing, and participating in, webinars, contests, programs, training, certifications or promotions We process your Personal Data if you register for a webinar, contest, promotion, training, certification or a program. In some cases where the training or certification is through your employer, we will share your we will share your Personal Data with your employer Some webinars, contests, programs, trainings, certifications and promotions have additional rules containing information about how we will process your Personal Data Consent, necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in providing the webinar, contest, promotion, training, certification or promotion Managing payments If you have provided financial information to us, we process your Personal Data to verify that information and to collect payments to the extent that doing so is necessary to complete a transaction and perform our contract with you Necessary for the performance of a contract Administering surveys and conducting research We process your Personal Data (including, where legally permitted, special categories of Personal Data) in order to meet the goals set out in surveys or research as well as to analyze our compliance with internal policies Consent or explicit consent (if required under applicable law) or our legitimate interest in conducting the survey or research based on its stated goals (where no special categories of Personal Data are in scope) Participating in a Salesforce community, such as that focused on open-source development We process your Personal Data, such as your username associated with your community account, in order to host and maintain the community for the benefit of its members Our legitimate interest in hosting and maintaining such a community for the benefits of its members, as well as in order to inform you of program changes that are important to your participation or relate to additional security measures Collecting diversity information We process your Personal Data (including special categories of Personal Data) to the extent you voluntarily consent to provide it to meet our broader community goals related to diversity and equality of opportunity Consent or explicit consent (if required under applicable law) Complying with legal obligations We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) when cooperating with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with our legal obligations under applicable laws to the extent this requires the processing or disclosure of Personal Data to protect our rights Legal obligation or our legitimate interest in protecting against misuse or abuse of our websites or services, protecting personal property or safety, pursuing remedies available to us and limiting our damages, complying with judicial proceedings, court orders or legal processes, responding to lawful requests, or for auditing purposes If we need to collect and process Personal Data by law, or under a contract we have entered into with you, and you fail to provide the required Personal Data when requested, we may not be able to perform our contract with you.6. Who do we share Personal Data with? We may share your Personal Data as follows: Service providers: With our contracted service providers, who provide services such as IT and system administration and hosting, credit card processing, research and analytics, marketing, events planning, customer support and data enrichment for the purposes and pursuant to the legal bases described above in Section 5. Contracted service providers may also deliver artificial intelligence and generative artificial intelligence capabilities to analyze data, determine trends, make predictions and create AI-generated responses or other content for the purposes and pursuant to the legal bases described above in Section 5; Salesforce affiliates: With affiliates within the Salesforce corporate group and companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Salesforce corporate group, to the extent such sharing of data is necessary to fulfill a request you have submitted via our websites or for customer support, marketing, technical operations, event registration and account management purposes. A list of Salesforce’s affiliates can be found in the List of Subsidiaries section of Salesforce’s most recent Form 10-K, available under the SEC Filings tab by selecting the “Annual Filings” filter on the page located here ; Event sponsors: If you attend an event or webinar organized by us, or download or access an asset on our website, we may share your Personal Data with sponsors of the event. If required by applicable law, you may consent to such sharing via the registration form or by allowing your attendee badge to be scanned at a sponsor booth. In these circumstances, your information will be subject to the sponsors’ privacy statements. If you do not wish for your information to be shared, you may choose to not opt-in via event/webinar registration or elect to not have your badge scanned, or you can opt-out in accordance with Section 10 below; Partners: With specific partners that offer supplementary services to those provided by Salesforce, such as partners that offer sustainability resources, or that resell Salesforce services, to the extent you consent to such sharing (where required by applicable law);Customers with whom you are affiliated and the applicable partner responsible for access to your services: If you use our services as an authorized user, we may share your Personal Data with your affiliated customer and/or the applicable partner responsible for your access to the services to the extent this is necessary for verifying accounts and activity, investigating suspicious activity, or enforcing our terms and policies; Contest and promotion sponsors: With sponsors of contests or promotions for which you register in order to fulfill the contest or promotion;Third party networks and websites: With third-party social media networks, advertising networks and websites, so that Salesforce can market and advertise on third party platforms and websites;Third party AppExchange partners: Specifically in relation to the AppExchange website, if you choose to interact with or use third-party tools, we may share your Personal Data with our third party partners who may contact you regarding their products or services in accordance with law or our contractual commitments; Professional advisers: In individual instances, we may share your Personal Data with professional advisers acting as service providers, processors, or joint controllers - including lawyers, bankers, auditors, and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services, and to the extent we are legally obliged to share or have a legitimate interest in sharing your Personal Data;Third parties involved in a corporate transaction: If we are involved in a merger, reorganization, dissolution or other fundamental corporate change, or sell a website or business unit, or if all or a portion of our business, assets or stock are acquired by a third party. In accordance with applicable laws, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any transfer of Personal Data to an unaffiliated third party; Third party accounts: In relation to Tableau, if you connect to your third party accounts through our products, we will use that information to authenticate you, enumerate the data sources available to you, download any data you request us to, and download and refresh authentication tokens or persist authentication information such as user names and passwords as necessary to continue to connect to these data; andPublic authorities: With public and government authorities, to the extent we are compelled to disclose Personal Data to comply with our legal obligations. We may also share aggregated Usage Data with Salesforce’s service providers for the purpose of helping Salesforce in such analysis and improvements.Additionally, Salesforce may share Usage Data on an aggregate basis in the normal course of operating our business; for example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. Anyone using our communities, forums, blogs, or chat rooms on our websites may read any Personal Data or other information you choose to submit and post. For more information on the recipients of your Personal Data, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below. 7. International transfer of Personal Data Your Personal Data may be collected, transferred to and stored by us in the United States and by our affiliates and third-parties disclosed in Section 6, above, that are based in other countries. Therefore, your Personal Data may be processed outside your country or jurisdiction, including in places that are not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission or your local legislature or regulator, and that may not provide for the same level of data protection. We ensure that the recipient of your Personal Data offers an adequate level of protection and security, for instance by entering into the appropriate back-to-back agreements and, if required, standard contractual clauses or an alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission (Art. 46 GDPR) or other applicable regulators or legislators. Where required by applicable law, we will only share, transfer or store your Personal Data outside of your jurisdiction with your prior consent. 8. Children 9. How long do we keep your Personal Data? We may retain your Personal Data for a period of time consistent with the original purpose of collection (see Section 5 above) or as long as required to fulfill our legal obligations. We determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Data on the basis of the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Data being processed, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the Personal Data, whether we can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, and on the basis of applicable legal requirements (such as applicable statutes of limitation). After expiry of the applicable retention periods, your Personal Data will be deleted. If there is any data that we are unable, for technical reasons, to delete entirely from our systems, we will implement appropriate measures to prevent any further use of such data. For more information on data retention periods, please contact us by using the information in the Section 13 below. 10. Your rights relating to your Personal Data 10.1 Your rights You may have certain rights relating to your Personal Data, subject to local data protection laws. Depending on the applicable laws these rights may include the right to: Access your Personal Data held by us;Know more about how we process your Personal Data;Rectify inaccurate Personal Data and, taking into account the purpose of processing the Personal Data, ensure it is complete;Erase or delete your Personal Data;Restrict our processing of your Personal Data;Transfer your Personal Data to another controller, to the extent possible;Object to any processing of your Personal Data;Opt out of certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties; Know what categories of Personal Data are shared for delivering advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications, and services and the categories of recipients of such Personal Data;Opt out of the sharing of your Personal Data for delivering advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications, and services;If you’re under the age of 16, or such other applicable age of consent for privacy purposes in relevant individual jurisdictions, opt in to certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties; Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects ("Automated Decision-Making");Withdraw your consent at any time (to the extent we base processing on consent), without affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on such consent before its withdrawal; andNot be discriminated against for exercising your rights as described above. Where we process your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes or share it with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, you can exercise your right to object at any time to such processing without having to provide any specific reason for such objection.Please note that Automated Decision-Making currently does not take place on our websites or in our services. 10.2 How to exercise your rights To exercise your rights, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below. Your Personal Data may be processed in responding to these rights. We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month unless otherwise required by law, and will contact you if we need additional information from you in order to honor your request or verify your identity. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month, taking into account the complexity and number of requests we receive. If you are an employee of a Salesforce customer, we recommend you contact your employer’s system administrator for assistance in correcting or updating your information. Some registered users may update their user settings, profiles, organization settings and event registrations by logging into their accounts and editing their settings or profiles. To update your billing information, discontinue your account or request return or deletion of your Personal Data and other information associated with your account, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below. 10.3 Your rights relating to customer data As described above, we may also process Personal Data submitted by or for a customer to our products and services. To this end, if not stated otherwise in this Privacy Statement or in a separate disclosure, we process such Personal Data as a processor on behalf of our customer (and its affiliates) who is the controller of the Personal Data (see Section 1 above). We are not responsible for and have no control over the privacy and data security practices of our customers, which may differ from those explained in this Privacy Statement. If your data has been submitted to us in our role as a processor by or on behalf of a Salesforce customer and you wish to exercise any rights you may have under applicable data protection laws, please inquire with them directly. Because we may only access a customer’s data upon their instructions, if you wish to make your request directly to us, please provide us the name of the Salesforce customer who submitted your data to us. We will refer your request to that customer, and will support them as needed in responding to your request within a reasonable timeframe. 10.4 Your preferences for email and SMS marketing communications If we process your Personal Data for the purpose of sending you marketing communications, you may manage your receipt of marketing and non-transactional communications from Salesforce by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of Salesforce marketing emails, by replying or texting ‘STOP’ if you receive Salesforce SMS communications, or by unsubscribing here . Please note that, notwithstanding the above, you will continue to receive marketing and non-transactional communications from CMO Club unless you manage your receipt of such communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of CMO Club’s marketing emails. You may also turn off push notifications on Salesforce apps on your device, or unsubscribe by contacting us using the information in the “Contacting us” section, below. Please note that opting out of marketing communications does not opt you out of receiving important business communications related to your current relationship with us, such as communications about your subscriptions or event registrations, service announcements or security information. 10.5 Your preferences for telemarketing communications If you want your phone number to be added to our internal Do-Not-Call telemarketing register, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below. Please include your first name, last name, company and the phone number you wish to add to our Do-Not-Call register. Alternatively, you can always let us know during a telemarketing call that you do not want to be called again for marketing purposes. 11. How we secure your Personal Data We take appropriate precautions including organizational, technical, and physical measures to help safeguard against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, and unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, the Personal Data we process or use. While we follow generally accepted standards to protect Personal Data, no method of storage or transmission is 100% secure. You are solely responsible for protecting your password, limiting access to your devices and signing out of websites after your sessions. If you have any questions about the security of our websites, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below. 12.Changes to this Privacy Statement We will update this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect changes in our practices, technologies, legal requirements, and other factors. If we do, we will update the “effective date” at the top. If we make a material update, we may provide you with notice prior to the update taking effect, such as by posting a notice on our website or by contacting you directly, or where required under applicable law and feasible, seek your consent to these changes. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Statement to stay informed about our collection, processing and sharing of your Personal Data. 13. Contacting us Salesforce has appointed a Data Protection Officer and, in India, a Grievance Officer. To exercise your rights regarding your Personal Data, or if you have questions regarding this Privacy Statement or our privacy practices please fill out this form , email us at privacy@salesforce.com or datasubjectrequest@salesforce.com , call us at +1-855-938-3410, or write to us at: Salesforce Data Protection Officer (Salesforce Privacy Team) 415 Mission St, 3rd Floor San Francisco, CA 94105, USA When you contact us, please indicate in which country and/or state you reside. We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about privacy. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are located in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. If you work or reside in a country that is a member of the European Union or that is in the EEA, you may find the contact details for your appropriate data protection authority on the following website . 14. Adherence to APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules (CBPR) and APEC Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System 15. Additional Disclosures for California Residents The California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act) requires businesses to disclose whether they sell or share Personal Data. As a business covered by the CCPA, we do not sell Personal Data. We may share Personal Data (in the form of identifiers and internet activity information) with third party advertisers for purposes of targeting advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications and services. In addition, we may allow third parties to collect Personal Data from our sites or services if those third parties are authorized service providers who have agreed to our contractual limitations as to their retention, use, and disclosure of such Personal Data, or if you use Salesforce sites or services to interact with third parties or direct us to disclose your Personal Data to third parties. California law requires that we detail the categories of Personal Data that we disclose for certain “business purposes,” such as to service providers that assist us with securing our services or marketing our products, and to such other entities as described in Sections 5 and 6 of this Privacy Statement. We disclose the following categories of Personal Data for our business purposes: Identifiers;Commercial information;Internet activity information;Financial information; Professional and employment-related information; Education information;Geolocation data;Audio and visual data;In limited circumstances where allowed by law, information that may be protected characteristics under California or United States law; andInferences drawn from any of the above information categories. California law grants state residents certain rights, including the rights to know and access specific types of Personal Data, to learn how we process Personal Data, to request deletion of Personal Data, to request correction of Personal Data, to opt-out of sharing your Personal Data for third party advertising purposes, and not to be denied goods or services for exercising these rights. If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and have registered for an account with us, you may ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to our website(s). Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information, because, for example, some of your content may have been reposted by another user. For information on how to exercise your rights, please refer to Section 10.2 of this Privacy Statement.If you are an authorized agent wishing to exercise rights on behalf of a California resident, please contact us using the information in the “Contacting Us” section above and provide us with a copy of the consumer’s written authorization designating you as their agent. If you would like to opt-out of shares using your cookie identifiers, turn on a Global Privacy Control in your web browser or browser extension. Please see the California Privacy Protection Agency’s website at https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa for more information on valid Global Privacy Controls. If you would like to opt-out of shares using other identifiers (like email address), please refer to Section 10.2 of this Privacy Statement. We may need to verify your identity and place of residence before completing your rights request. California Privacy Rights Reporting Requests for access to Personal Data 40 32 43 Requests to delete Personal Data 95 85 27 Objections to processing Personal Data 23 Requests to correct Personal Data *Requests may be unable to be completed due to factors like duplicate requests the inability to verify the resident’s identity or lack of response. **Time to complete a request may depend in part on receipt of information from the person making the request, such as information to verify the person’s identity or information about the action requested. Data is for all requests received by the Salesforce Family Affiliates from California residents between January 1 and December 31, 2022. CALL US AT CALL US 1-800-667-6389 Call us at 1-800-664-9073 See all ways to contact us > New to Salesforce? About Salesforce Popular Links WORLDWIDE Americas Europe, Middle East, and Africa Asia Pacific © Copyright 2023 Salesforce, Inc. All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners. Salesforce, Inc. Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission Street, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States Need help? No problem. Chat with our sales experts or call us at 1-800-960-3691. Cookie Consent Manager General InformationRequired CookiesFunctional CookiesAdvertising Cookies General Information We use three kinds of cookies on our websites: required, functional, and advertising. You can choose whether functional and advertising cookies apply. Click on the different cookie categories to find out more about each category and to change the default settings. Privacy Statement Required Cookies Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, authentication cookies, and security cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyze site traffic, cookies used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not directed to a particular individual. Advertising Cookies Advertising Cookies Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests, and direct them specific marketing. Some examples include: cookies used for remarketing, or interest-based advertising. Cookie List Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Live chat: Let's ChatPrivacy & Terms Privacy Policy Google Privacy Policy When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information. Privacy Checkup Looking to change your privacy settings? Contents We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include: Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google HomePlatforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating systemProducts that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like Chrome Incognito mode. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control what we collect and how your information is used. To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for key terms . And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us . Information Google collects We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful , the people who matter most to you online , or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls. When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity. When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as personal information . Things you create or provide to us When you create a Google Account, you provide us with personal information that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a phone number or payment information to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services. We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services. This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos. Information we collect as you use our services Your apps, browsers & devices We collect information about the apps, browsers, and devices you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low. The information we collect includes unique identifiers , browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including IP address , crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your request. We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an Android device with Google apps , your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your device type and carrier name , crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings, other information about how you’re using your Android device . Your activity We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like.The activity information we collect may include: Terms you search forVideos you watchPurchase activityPeople with whom you communicate or share contentActivity on third-party sites and apps that use our servicesChrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account If you use our services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages , we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages. You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account. Your location information We collect information about your location when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your general location. Your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by: GPS and other sensor data from your device Activity on Google services, such as your searches and places you label like home or work Information about things near your device , such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can turn your Android device’s location on or off using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on Location History if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about how we use location information . In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources . For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse . We also receive information from advertising partners to provide advertising and research services on their behalf . We use various technologies to collect and store information, including cookies , pixel tags , local storage, such as browser web storage or application data caches , databases, and server logs . Why Google collects data We use data to build better services We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes: Provide our services We use your information to deliver our services , like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts. Maintain & improve our services We also use your information to ensure our services are working as intended , such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to make improvements to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services. Develop new services We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Provide personalized services, including content and ads We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results . For example, Security Checkup provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like. Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalized ads based on your interests. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . We don’t show you personalized ads based on sensitive categories , such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to.For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop. Measure performance We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to link information about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services. Communicate with you We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing. Protect Google, our users, and the public We use information to help improve the safety and reliability of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public . We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use algorithms to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate. We may combine the information we collect among our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google. If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example. We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy. Your privacy controls You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the Privacy Checkup , which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our Product Privacy Guide . Managing, reviewing, and updating your information When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google. We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your Google Account includes: Privacy controls Activity Controls Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services , such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services. Ad settings Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.About you Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services. Shared endorsements Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads. Sites and apps that use Google services Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services. Ways to review & update your information My Activity My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity. Google Dashboard Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Your personal information Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number. When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including: Signed-out search personalization: Choose whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.YouTube settings: Pause and delete your YouTube Search History and your YouTube Watch History . Ad Settings: Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Exporting, removing & deleting your information You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Inactive Account Manager allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account. And finally, you can also request to remove content from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies. There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including: Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a cookie in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services rely on cookies to function properly , for things like remembering your language preferences.Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can modify location settings on your Android device. Sharing your information When you share your information Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search. When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting . When Google shares your information We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases: With your consent We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you use Google Home to make a reservation through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to review and manage third party apps and sites you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any sensitive personal information . With domain administrators If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your domain administrator and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account.They may be able to: Access and retain information stored in your account, like your emailView statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you installChange your account passwordSuspend or terminate your account accessReceive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental requestRestrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings For external processing We provide personal information to our affiliates and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies. For legal reasons We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to: Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request . We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report .Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues. Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users , or the public as required or permitted by law. We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. We also allow specific partners to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies. If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy. Keeping your information secure We build security into our services to protect your information All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected. We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including: We use encryption to keep your data private while in transitWe offer a range of security features, like Safe Browsing , Security Checkup, and 2 Step Verification to help you protect your accountWe review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations. Exporting & deleting your information You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Retaining your information We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings: Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your personal info or the content you create or upload, like photos and documents . You can also delete activity information saved in your account, or choose to have it deleted automatically after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as advertising data in server logs.We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping. When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems. You can read more about Google’s data retention periods , including how long it takes us to delete your information. Compliance & cooperation with regulators We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it. Data transfers We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data. When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly. U.S. state law requirements Some U.S. state privacy laws require specific disclosures. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how Google handles your information: We explain the categories of information Google collects and the sources of that information in Information Google collects .We explain the purposes for which Google collects and uses information in Why Google collects data .We explain when Google may disclose information in Sharing your information . Google does not sell your personal information. Google also does not “share” your personal information as that term is defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). We explain how Google retains information in Retaining your information . You can also learn more about how Google anonymizes data . As described there, when Google anonymizes data to protect your privacy, we maintain policies and technical measures to avoid re-identifying that information. U.S. state privacy laws also provide the right to request information about how Google collects, uses, and discloses your information. And they give you the right to access your information, sometimes in a portable format; correct your information; and to request that Google delete that information. Many of these laws also provide the right to opt out of certain forms of profiling and targeted advertising. They also provide the right to not be discriminated against for exercising these privacy rights. Finally, the CCPA treats certain kinds of information, like health data, as sensitive; when users provide this information, Google only uses it for purposes permitted by the CCPA, like to provide services that are requested and expected by our users. We describe the choices you have to manage your privacy and data across Google’s services in Your privacy controls . These tools allow you to access, review, update and delete your information, as well as export and download a copy of it. You can also control what information we use to show you ads, or turn off personalized ads, by visiting My Ad Center . When you use these tools, we’ll validate your request by verifying that you’re signed in to your Google Account. If you have questions or requests related to your rights under U.S. state privacy laws, you (or your authorized agent) can also contact Google . And if you disagree with the decision on your request, you can ask Google to reconsider it by responding to our email. We also provide more information on Google’s handling of CCPA requests. Some U.S. state privacy laws also require a description of data practices using specific categories. This table uses these categories to organize the information in this Privacy Policy. Categories of information we collect Identifiers and similar information such as your name and password, phone number, and address, as well as unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. Some Google services like YouTube Studio provide the option to submit a valid ID (such as a passport or driver’s license) to verify your identity to use additional features.Demographic information , such as your age , gender and language . If you choose to use optional features like YouTube Creator Demographics , you can also provide additional information, like your gender identity or race and ethnicity. Commercial information such as your payment information and a history of purchases you make on Google’s services. Biometric information if you choose to provide it, such as fingerprints in Google’s product development studies. Internet, network, and other activity information such as your search terms; views and interactions with content and ads; Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account; information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity); and activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in My Activity . Geolocation data , such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings. Depending on these settings, this may include precise location data , for example GPS data for Android features like navigation or finding your phone. Learn more about Google’s use of location information . Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information , such as voice and audio information . Communications data , such as emails, if you use our services to send and receive messages . Health information if you choose to provide it, such as your medical history, vital signs and health metrics (like blood glucose levels), and other similar information related to your physical or mental health, in the course of using Google services that offer health-related features, such as the Google Health Studies app . Professional, employment, and education information , such as information you provide or that is maintained through an organization using Google services at which you study or work. Other information you create or provide , such as the content you create, upload, or receive (like photos and videos or emails, docs and spreadsheets). Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Inferences drawn from the above, like your ads interest categories . Business purposes for which information may be used or disclosed Protecting against security threats, abuse, and illegal activity : Google uses and may disclose information to detect, prevent and respond to security incidents, and for protecting against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity. For example, to protect our services, Google may receive or disclose information about IP addresses that malicious actors have compromised. Auditing and measurement : Google uses information for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used, as well as to fulfill obligations to our partners like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. We may disclose non-personally identifiable information publicly and with these partners, including for auditing purposes. Maintaining our services : Google uses information to ensure our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting bugs and other issues that you report to us. Research and development : Google uses information to improve our services and to develop new products, features and technologies that benefit our users and the public. For example, we use publicly available information to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Use of service providers : Google shares information with service providers to perform services on our behalf, in compliance with our Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we may rely on service providers to help provide customer support. Advertising : Google processes information to provide advertising, including online identifiers, browsing and search activity, and information about your location and interactions with advertisements. This keeps Google’s services and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . Legal reasons : Google also uses information to satisfy applicable laws or regulations, and discloses information in response to legal process or enforceable government requests, including to law enforcement. We provide information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report . Parties with whom information may be disclosed Other people with whom you choose to share your information , like docs or photos, and videos or comments on YouTube. Third parties with your consent , such as services that integrate with Google’s services.You can review and manage third party apps and sites with access to data in your Google Account. Service providers , trusted businesses, or persons that process information on Google’s behalf, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Domain administrators , if you work or study at an organization that uses Google services. Law enforcement or other third parties , for the legal reasons described in Sharing your information . About this policy When this policy applies This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its affiliates , including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to: The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our servicesServices offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services Changes to this policy We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to archived versions for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). Related privacy practices Specific Google services The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services: If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the Google Cloud Privacy Notice . Other useful resources The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings. Your Google Account is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account Privacy Checkup guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account Google’s safety center helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online Google’s Teen Privacy Guide provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy Privacy & Terms provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service Technologies includes more information about:Technologies used for Advertising Key terms Affiliates An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the companies providing business services in the EU . Algorithm A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations. Application data cache An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content. Browser web storage Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5. Cookies A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about how Google uses cookies and how Google uses data, including cookies, when you use our partners' sites or apps . Device A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices. Google Account You may access some of our services by signing up for a Google Account and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.IP address Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Non-personally identifiable information This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user. Personal information This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account. Pixel tag A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies. Referrer URL A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited. Sensitive personal information This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality. Server logs Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this: is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet. is the date and time of the query. is the requested URL, including the search query. is the browser and operating system being used. is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device). Unique identifiers A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed. Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about how Google uses cookies . On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be managed in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services. Additional Context ads you’ll find most useful For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more about Google ads and why you may see particular ads . advertising and research services on their behalf For example, advertisers may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people. Android device with Google apps Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features.Learn more about Google Play Services . combine the information we collect Some examples of how we combine the information we collect include: When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos. Learn more If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know. Learn more The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based your activity. Learn more If you link your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone. Learn more customized search results For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can learn more here . You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can search and browse privately or turn off signed-out search personalization . deliver our services Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include: We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube videoWe use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google AccountPhotos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, animations, and other creations that you can share. Learn more A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your GmailWhen you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase. detect abuse When we detect spam, malware, illegal content, and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities. devices For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account. ensure and improve For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads. ensure our services are working as intended For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly. Information about things near your device If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services. Learn more legal process, or enforceable governmental request Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our Transparency Report . make improvements For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services.And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone. may link information Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic. Learn more our users For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights. Learn more . partner with Google There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Learn more payment information For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this. We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account. Learn more personalized ads You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads. Learn more phone number If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you. Learn more protect against abuse For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account). publicly accessible sources For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services. rely on cookies to function properly For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected. Learn more safety and reliability Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include: Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access. Learn more sensitive categories When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we require the same from advertisers that use our services. Sensor data from your device Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. servers around the world For example, we operate data centers located around the world to help keep our products continuously available for users.services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages Examples of these services include: Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemailGoogle Meet, for making and receiving video callsGmail, for sending and receiving emailsGoogle Chat, for sending and receiving messagesGoogle Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messagesGoogle Fi, for a phone plan show trends When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms. Learn more specific Google services For example, you can delete your blog from Blogger or a Google Site you own from Google Sites. You can also delete reviews you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store. specific partners For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings. Learn more about these partners and how they use your information. synced with your Google Account Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account. Learn more the people who matter most to you online For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you contact most frequently . the public For example, we process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices. third parties For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you. U.S. state privacy laws These laws include: California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA);Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA);Colorado Privacy Act (CPA);Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring (CTDPA); andUtah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) Views and interactions with content and ads For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears. Voice and audio information For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation. Learn more your activity on other sites and apps This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your account settings and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information. Learn more about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps. Change language: