Reolink Privacy Policy Last updated on May 16th, 2022. Reolink Innovation Limited (“we” or “Reolink”) values and protects user privacy. We are highly aware of the importance of your personal information and are committed to protecting such information in a secure and controlled manner by strictly complying with legal and regulatory requirements and referring to proven industry security standards. For this purpose, we have developed the Reolink Privacy Policy (“Policy”) to help you understand in detail how we collect, use, process, share, store, and protect your personal information during your use of our products and/or services and the rights you have in such process. Before you start using our products and/or services, it is important that you read this Policy carefully (especially the highlighted terms), and fully understand and agree to the content herein. You have the right to refuse this Policy, but if you do so, we will not be able to provide you with our products and/or services as it serves as an important part of the Reolink User Service Agreement . When you choose to (re)use our products and/or services, you will be deemed to have accepted and acknowledged this Policy as it is an essential prerequisite for the rendering of our products and/or services. Your agreement to the Policy indicates that you understand that we will collect certain personal information from you in specific service scenarios, but it does not mean that we will collect and process all of the personal information covered herein once you agree to this Policy and use our products and/or services. When it comes to additional business functions that require the processing of your non-essential personal information, we will ask for your consent separately. Some of the concepts might seem a little technical, and we've tried our best to explain them in a simple and clear way. Please read and understand this Policy before use. If you have any questions, please contact us. I. Scope of Application (1) This Policy applies to the official website ( https://reolink.com/ ) and all its subsites (collectively, “Website”), products, mobile applications (Reolink App), computer applications, cloud storage services, technical support, and other services provided by Reolink (collectively, “products and/or services”). (2) This Policy does not apply to any third-party websites and their services linked to or from the Website. Please read the relevant privacy policy carefully when using the aforementioned services. (3) “Personal information” herein refers to information recorded electronically or by other means, which can be used to identify or relate to a natural person, excluding the de-identified data. The type and scope of personal information we collect vary with the products and/or services you use and how you interact with us. Please refer to the specific product or service functions. You have the right not to provide us with this information, but in some scenarios, if you choose not to, we will not be able to provide you with the corresponding products or services or respond to and resolve your problems. (4) Some services may require you to enable the corresponding permissions on your device. You may refer to “(IV) Reolink App and Client Services” under “II. How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information” in this Policy to learn about the specific permissions involved with Reolink App. You can also go to “Settings > Application Permissions” on your device to enable or disable the permissions at any time through as needed. In particular, even if we have obtained your access permissions, we will only collect your information when it is necessary for the rendering of relevant functions or services. (5) For better user experience, we are constantly improving our technology. As a result, we may from time to time introduce new or optimized functions and hence may need to collect and use other personal information or change the purposes or methods of data use. In this regard, we will separately explain to you the scope, purposes, and methods of collection and use of the corresponding information by Policy updates, pop-up windows, page prompts, etc. You will have the right to agree or disagree with such changes, and we will only collect or use your information after obtaining your express consent. During this process, if you have any questions, comments, or suggestions, you can contact us through the contact information provided herein. We will reply to you as soon as possible. II.How We Collect and Use Your Personal Information According to Reolink User Service Agreement signed between you and us, in order to provide you with the corresponding functions of our products and/or services, we promise to follow the data minimization principle when collecting and using your personal information and not to use your personal information beyond the purposes of the Reolink User Services Agreement and this Policy unless for the purpose of rendering the abovementioned functions. You will be required to voluntarily submit to us or authorize us to collect and use your personal information as follows. (I) Registration, Account Log-In and Verification When you register and log in to your Reolink account, you need to provide your email address, password, and in some scenarios, a verification code. If you refuse to provide them, you will not be able to register successfully. Additionally: (1) When submitting community posts, making product reviews, and sharing videos, you may choose to fill in your nickname, profile picture, and name as needed. Refusal to provide such information will not affect your access to these functions or services. (2) You may choose to fill in the country according to your own needs in order to use our personalized services (such as displaying local prices for products). Refusal to provide such information will not affect your use of the basic functions of your account, unless otherwise stated. (3) If you use other login methods, you will permit us to access your email address and country registered for your third-party account, for the purpose of binding it to your Reolink account. For personal information that we need but the third-party cannot provide, we will inform you and ask you to provide it through system prompts, etc. (4) For products and/or services that require a Reolink account to use (e.g., cloud service and smart home function), we may verify your user identity based on the above information provided by you to ensure that we are providing services right for you. (II) Online Transaction Service Online transaction-related services are available on our websites and software. Some of them can be used without account registration but will still rely on certain personal information. (1) You can make pre-transaction preparations such as information browsing, searching, and adding to cart (adding goods to your shopping cart) without logging in. We will collect your search keywords, query or browsing history, and add-to-cart history (such information is desensitized and will not be associated with you) in order to provide better website services. (2) You may purchase products and/or services from our websites by logging into your Reolink account or through “visitor shopping” mode. In order to deliver the goods to you and provide after-sales service as required by the contract, you should provide your email address, shipping address (including postal code), recipient name, phone number and other information when you place an order. If you do not provide such information, we will not be able to ship and deliver the goods and provide after-sales services. You can also provide your company information and its tax ID to enable tax-free purchases. (3) When making a payment, you can choose the payment service provided by our partner third-party payment institutions (including PayPal and other payment channels). We need to share your order number, transaction amount, payment method, and other necessary information required by anti-money laundering laws with these payment institutions, so that they can confirm your payment instructions and complete the payment. Also, to keep us informed of the status of your payment so that we can prepare for shipment accordingly, you agree that we may collect information related to your payment progress from the payment institution you have selected. (III) Reolink Cloud Storage Service After you have subscribed to a valid Reolink Cloud plan, you may log in to your Reolink account in your Reolink App and associate your Reolink device to the cloud plan. Depending on your subscription plan, we will upload and store video recordings from the associated device to your Reolink Cloud space (i.e., Reolink Cloud). We may collect and use corresponding personal information as follows: (1) When you bind your Reolink device to Reolink Cloud to use cloud storage service, we will collect the serial number of the product . The product serial number is the unique basic product information and is the basic information that must be collected to bind the product and further provide you with Reolink Cloud storage service. (2) When video recordings are uploaded from your device to your Reolink Cloud, you are the controller and Reolink is the data processor of your cloud videos.Only those who have access to your Reolink account (you and those authorized by you) may log in to your Reolink Cloud account anytime to view, download, and/or delete such videos. Based on the contract, the system will automatically delete the expired cloud videos. (IV) Reolink App and Client Services You can access your Reolink device in Reolink App, Reolink Client and other Reolink software, and browser and perform remote control or management (i.e., Reolink App and Client services). We may collect and use corresponding personal information according to the specific functions you choose to use. (1) When you bind your device to Reolink App, we will collect the serial number of the product you bind. Such information is unique product information that shall be collected in order to bind products and provide you with further Reolink client services. Upon your informed consent, we will request access to the location (WiFi SSID) of your device. We only use such permissions to help you make input and connect your device to the Internet and will not upload or keep any of such data. We will also need your camera permissions to scan the device QR code for UID input, storage permissions to save pictures and videos to your phone album, and notification permissions for pushing alerts. You can disable these permissions at any time via “Settings > Application Permissions” on your phone. (2) When you use the phone push notification function, we will collect your device alerts and device information. Such information is only used for Reolink App to push Reolink device alerts to you. (3) When you enable the email alerts, with your informed consent, we will collect your email address and password. Such information is stored in the Reolink device. It will not be uploaded to Reolink server and is used to send you email alerts only. You can disable this function at any time via “Settings > Email Alerts > Disable Email Alerts”. After disabling it, you can delete relevant data from your Reolink device. (4) If you agree to join Reolink App User Experience Program , with your informed consent, we will collect information about your app & OS version, country/region, cell phone brand, device type and model, language setting, function clicks, page & button clicks, page dwell time, and the lag time between clicking the app icon and seeing the content during first use. You can disable the option via “App Settings > User Experience Program” to exit the program at any time. (V) Customer Service We provide customer services such as product and service consultation, technical support and after-sales service through telephone, online system, etc. In order to contact you and help you solve your problems as soon as possible or to record the solution and result of the relevant problem, we may collect and, in accordance with this Policy, store your correspondence/call records and related contents with us (including account information, country, email address, order information, payment information, purchase channels, bound product information, phone numbers, call recordings, and the evidence you provide to us. If you contact us via Facebook message, we will collect your Facebook profile picture and nickname) ; if you make inquiries or complaints or provide suggestions for specific orders, we will use your account information and order information. (VI) Other Website Functions or Services You may publicly post information through the comment, forum, and other information posting functions we provide. In addition, we may, from time to time, push surveys to you or ask for your review after you have used a product or service. We will record the contact information, problems or suggestions you submit while using these functions to improve our products and/or services and enhance your experience. Please note that the comments, reviews or other contents you post on Reolink are publicly visible. To avoid or minimize potential risks, we therefore recommend that you be careful when disclosing your personal information in your posts. (1) When you use the website review function (including product reviews, article reviews, event reviews, etc.), we use your Reolink account ID (including forum ID), profile picture, nickname, IP address, email address, and the content of the reviews you share, based on the contract of user participation. You may change/delete contents you have submitted at any time by logging in to your account, or by contacting us directly. (2) When you use the website subscription function, with your informed consent, we will collect your email address and country and send marketing emails. You can revoke your consent to receive such emails at any time by using the unsubscribe link at the bottom of every email.(3) When you apply for becoming an agent for Reolink, based on the legitimate business interests and user contract, we will collect your email address, name, company, website, region, online store, business model, number of employees, company phone number and other information. (4) When you submit a warranty registration, with your informed consent, we will collect information such as order number, product model, product UID (optional), country, email address, name (optional) and so on; however, failing to provide such information will not affect the basic warranty policy you are entitled to, but will disqualify you for the additional 6-month extended warranty service. (5) When you participate in #ReolinkTrial Program, based on the user contract, we will collect your name, country, email address, and postal code and use them only for the purpose of delivering prizes. If you refuse to provide us with such information, you will be deemed to have waived the award. (6) When you participate in #ReolinkCaptures Program, based on your informed consent, we will use your Reolink account ID, profile picture, nickname, the videos you share and your filming equipment. Videos that are not approved by the system will be automatically deleted 15 days after the review. You may change/delete contents you have submitted at any time by logging in to your account, or by contacting us directly. (7) From time to time, we may hold marketing campaigns. In order to prevent malicious use of means to increase prize winning rate and other behaviors, we may require you to log in to your account. We may also need to record the number of times you have participated in the event and your IP address in the relevant event technical log (such data will be encrypted for storage and will be deleted by the system automatically 30 days after the end of the event) as appropriate. If you win the prize, you should also provide the recipient name, recipient address (including postal code) and telephone number so that we can deliver the prize to you. Such information is necessary for you to enjoy the rights and benefits of events. If you refuse to provide it, you may not be able to participate in relevant events. In addition, we may announce the prize winners to the public, and if your personal information is involved, it will be displayed in a de-identified manner. (VII) Security Guarantee and Maintenance In order to act in compliance with relevant laws and regulations and protect the security of your account and the operating system, according to the basic requirements of providing services, and out of the legitimate interests of Reolink, during your use of our products and/or services, we will collect your IP address and record system log information such as network logs or device log information, as well as information such as the frequency of using software, devices and related services, crash data, error reporting or abnormal service data, system operation status of abnormal devices, overall installation and usage, performance data, etc. Please note that information such as device information and log information alone cannot enable the identification of a specific natural person. If we combine such non-personal information with other information to identify a specific natural person, or use it in combination with personal information, during the period of combined use, such non-personal information may be treated as personal information, and we will de-identify such personal information unless we obtain your authorization or otherwise provided by law or regulation. (VIII) Third Party Analytics Service We use third-party analytics tool -- Google Analytics to assist us with analyzing and improving our service. Google provides some additional privacy options to protect business's data. Click here to learn more. We've read and accept updated terms and contractual protections Google made to analytics tool we've used. To prevent Google Analytics from using your information for analytics, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on by clicking here . III. How We Process, Share, Transfer and Disclose Your Personal Information with Third Parties (I) Processing We may assign third-party service providers to provide certain functions or modules, and we will share your personal information with such parties in accordance with the “Minimum Necessary” principle. We will make an agreement with them on the purpose and duration of the sharing, the manner of processing, the type of personal information and protection measures, and will evaluate and monitor their actions as necessary to protect your personal information.(II) Sharing In general, we will not share your personal information with third parties unless we have your express consent or otherwise required by laws and regulations. We may share your personal information externally in accordance with laws and regulations, or as mandatorily required by government authorities. Only by sharing your personal information can we perform the essential functions of our products and/or services or provide the services you need. (III) Transfer We will not transfer your personal information to any third party, except for the following cases. (1) Transfer with your express consent: We will transfer your personal information to other parties after obtaining your express consent. (2) In the event of a merger, acquisition or bankruptcy liquidation involving the transfer of personal information, we will require the company or organization as the new holder of your personal information to follow this Privacy Policy; otherwise, we will require such company or organization to ask for your authorization and consent again. (IV) Disclosure We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following cases: (1) With your express consent; (2) In connection with the fulfillment of a legal obligation, such as in situations where it is mandatorily required by law and related procedures, litigation or government authorities; (3) Directly related to national security or national defense security; (4) Directly related to public safety, public health or significant public interest; (5) Directly related to crime investigation, prosecution, trial, sentence enforcement, etc.; (6) For the purpose of safeguarding your or any other individual’s life, property and other significant legitimate rights and interests while difficult to obtain your consent; (7) Where the personal information involved is disclosed by you to the public at your own discretion; (8) Where it is necessary for the conclusion and performance of a contract or other written document between you and us; (9) Where your personal information is collected from lawful public disclosures, such as lawful news reports, government information disclosure and other channels; (10) Other circumstances as stipulated by laws and regulations. IV. Your Rights About Your Information (I) Access and Correction You have the right to access your personal information. If you find errors in your personal information we process, you have the right to ask us to make corrections. (II) Deletion You have the right to request us to delete your personal information in the following circumstances: (1) If our processing of personal information violates laws and regulations; (2) If we collect and use your personal information without obtaining your consent; (3) If our processing of personal information violates our agreement with you; (4) If you no longer use our products or services, or if you cancel your account; (5) If we no longer provide products or services to you. If we decide to respond to your request for deletion, we will also simultaneously notify the entities having obtained your personal information from us for prompt deletion, unless otherwise required by law or regulation, or unless such entities have obtained your separate authorization. After assisting you to delete the relevant information, we may not be able to immediately remove the corresponding data from the backup system due to legal restrictions and limitations of security technology. We will store your personal information safely and limit any further processing of this information, until the backup can be erased or anonymized. (III) Changing the Scope of Your Authorization and Consent You may give or withdraw your consent at any time for collection and use of personal information additionally collected, other than that required to provide you with basic business functions. You can opt out of receiving our emails by clicking “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of any email you get from us. If you want to quit any of our events or programs you have joined, you can click “Contact Us” at the bottom of this page. After you withdraw your consent, we will no longer process the corresponding personal information. However, this will not affect the processing of personal information that has been previously done based on your authorization. If you do not want to receive marketing emails from us, you can click “Unsubscribe” at the bottom of our emails, or click “Contact Us” at the bottom of this page. (IV) Account Cancellation You can cancel your account at any time.Click the “Log in” in the upper right corner of the Website to access your account profile page, and then click “Security - Delete account”. After you cancel your account, we will stop providing you with our products and/or services and, at your request, delete your personal information, unless otherwise provided by law or regulation. You may open a new account at any time after canceling your account. (V) Access to Your Personal Information Copies You have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information. If you want a copy, click “Contact Us” at the bottom of this page. (VI) Constraint of Automated Decision Making by Information System In some business functions, we may make decisions based solely on non-manual automated decision-making mechanisms, including information systems, algorithms, and the like. If these decisions significantly affect your lawful rights, you have the right to request an explanation from us and we will provide appropriate remedies. (VII) Objecting to or Restricting Our Processing of Your Personal Information You have the right to object to or restrict our processing of your personal data. For relevant issues, click “Contact Us” on the bottom of this page. (VIII) Help and Feedback For security purposes, you may be required to provide a written request or otherwise prove your identity. We may ask you to verify your identity before we process your request. We will respond within [7] business days after verifying your identity. In principle, we do not charge a fee for your reasonable requests. Please note that such rights are not absolute and may be limited in accordance with applicable law. In some cases, your request may be rejected, and in such cases we will notify you in writing of the reasons for the rejection. If you need assistance, please contact us. (IX) Your Other Options You have options in relation to the information that we have about you described below. To exercise these options, please contact us. If you're an EEA user, you can: 1). Access the information we hold about you. 2). Have your information corrected or deleted. 3). Object to us processing your information. You can ask us to stop using your information, including when we use your information to send you marketing emails or push notifications. If you opt out of receiving marketing messages from us, we may still send you newsletters and updates about your account or products. 4). Have the information you provided to us sent to another organization, where we hold this information with your consent or for the performance of a contract with you, where it's technically feasible. (X) Notice to California Residents Subject to certain limits under California law, California residents may ask us to provide them with a list of third parties to whom we have disclosed personal information (if any) for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. To make this request, California residents may click here to learn more. V. How We Store and Protect Your Personal Information We have used security measures that meet industry standards to protect your personal information against unauthorized or accidental access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage, or loss. We will take all reasonably practicable measures, including administrative management, technical support and physical defense measures, to protect your personal information, and will retain your personal information only within the period of time stipulated by laws and regulations. You may contact us for the specific retention periods of information. We provide online services that use web encryption technology. When using the online services, we recommend that you use a browser that supports SSL (an encrypted communication protocol), such as Firefox, Google Chrome or Apple Safari, to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information. Data storage is supported by AWS. Videos uploaded to Reolink Cloud are stored in highly secure AWS data centers along with disaster recovery data backups. These videos are protected by access keys and cannot be accessed by anyone without your permission. To protect data transmitted between Reolink Cloud or Reolink applications and servers, we use the world’s most secure data communication protocol and algorithmic encryption currently available to ensure the confidentiality, integrity and authenticity of the information during transmission. Please note that there is no 100% security protection in the Internet environment, and we will do our best to ensure the security of your information.In the event of any damage to our physical, technical, or managerial protection facilities, and consequently results in unauthorized access, public disclosure, alteration, or destruction of information, we will, as required by law and after the occurrence of a security incident, promptly inform you of the basic situation of the security incident and its possible impact, reactions we have taken or will take, suggestions for you to independently prevent and reduce risks, remedial measures for you, etc. We will promptly inform you of the situation by email, letter, telephone, push notification, etc. When it is difficult to inform the subjects of personal information one by one, we will take a reasonable and effective way to release the announcement. At the same time, we will also take the initiative to report our response to personal information security incidents as required by regulatory authorities. Your understanding and cooperation are important to us in protecting the personal information and privacy security of you and your associates. Your passwords, verification codes and other information are to be kept by yourself. Please carefully evaluate the physical and electronic environment when you keep, enter and use such information to prevent leakage. VI. How We Transmit and Transfer Your Personal Information We provide our products and/or services through resources and servers around the world ( Check Where We Ship .) . This means that with your authorization and consent, your personal information may be transferred to or accessed from jurisdictions outside your country/region. Such jurisdictions may have different data protection laws. In such cases, we will ensure that your personal information is adequately and equally protected as required by local laws and regulations and this Policy. When personal data is transferred from the European Economic Area (EEA), we take special safeguards to ensure that the protection travels with the data, including having standard clauses approved by the European Commission in our contracts with parties that receive information outside the EEA. The privacy protections and the rights of authorities to access your information in these countries may not be the same as in your home country. And we may not provide the same level of protection as those in your country. Data Retention Reolink makes it easy for you to keep your personal information accurate, complete, and up to date. We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law. VII. How We Use Cookies and Other Technologies We analyze data collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies, to collect visitor traffic and related data, such as the browser you use and what sites you visit. These technologies allow us to study how and how often you use our applications and services so that we can better meet your needs and measure the effectiveness of advertisement. In some of our email messages, we use a “click-through URL” linked to content on our Website. We track this click-through data to help us measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. For more information about the use of cookies, please see our Cookie Policy . California Do Not Track Notice Reolink does not currently respond or take any action with respect to web browser "do not track" signals or other mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about a user's online activities over time and across third-party web sites or online services. VIII. Children’s Privacy Reolink products and/or services are not intended for children under the age of 18. We do not permit registration by and will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under 18. If this happens, we will delete the information as soon as possible. IX. Changes and Updates on This Policy We may change this Policy from time to time, so please revisit this page periodically. Your continued use of our products and/or services after the revised Policy has become effective indicates that you have read, understood, and agreed to the current version of this Policy. We will not, however, reduce your rights under this Policy without your explicit consent. In the event that our specific products or services are discontinued, we will notify you in advance through system notifications, announcements, text messages, emails, etc., and process your personal information in accordance with this Policy or relevant documents. If we cease operations permanently, this Policy will become invalid and we will process all your personal information in accordance with applicable regulations. X.Contact Us If you have any questions or suggestions about this Policy or your personal information, or you have any doubts about our collection, use or disclosure of your personal information, please reach us by using the information on our “ Contact Us ” page, by sending an e-mail to dpo@reolink.com, or by submitting a support case via support.reolink.com . We will reply to you within [7] business days. If you are not satisfied with our response, especially if our information processing has harmed your lawful rights and interests, you can file a complaint to the local competent regulator. Be Prepared, Be Reolink Thanks for your subscription! Please enter a valid email address. Oops… Something went wrong. Please try again later. You are already subscribed to this email list. :) Submission failed. Please try again later. I've read and understood the Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy , and I agree that Reolink keeps me up to date on news and exclusive offers. Work Time: Monday - Friday UTC+8 08am to 06pm Copyright © 2023 Reolink. All Rights Reserved. United States Google, Google Play, Google Assistant and related marks and logos are trademarks of Google LLC.Amazon, Alexa and all related logos are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.Mac and Safari are trademarks of Apple Inc.App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries.Firefox and the Firefox logo are trademarks of the Mozilla Foundation in the U.S. and other countries.Other product and company names mentioned herein may be trademarks of their respective companies. We use cookies to improve and personalize your browsing experience. By continuing to use this site, you accept our use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy . Flash Sales Buy & Get Promotion Support Help me choose