Privacy Policy 1. Description of the Business. Dynata, LLC (f/k/a Survey Sampling International, LLC) and Research Now Group, LLC. and their parents, affiliates and subsidiaries world-wide (collectively referred to hereinafter as “Dynata”) provide sampling solutions and technology for survey research, providing clients with access to consumer and business-to-business respondents via internet, telephone (both fixed/landline and wireless/mobile), postal and multi-mode methodologies. Dynata serves a vast array of for-profit and not-for profit businesses, universities and governmental agencies and departments. This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we collect, how we collect information, how we use the information, how we share or disclose the information, how we store the information, and your choices regarding the use and processing of the information. This privacy policy does not apply to the collection, processing, storage, transfer, and/or disposal of information collected in connection with the survey panels or communities operated by or on behalf of Dynata. 2. What type of information do we collect? We collect the following information: (i) Personally identifiable information (“PII”) which includes, without limitation, first and last names, email address, telephone number(s) (e.g., home, mobile, and business numbers), and residential address. (ii) Business contact information, including, without limitation, company name, job title, and department. (iii) Information on your employer or the company you represent. (iv) Information collected through automated means, includes, without limitation, IP address, browser type, operating system, referring URLs, information on actions or activities taken or engaged in on a website, and dates and times of website visits. 3. How we collect information. (i) Information submitted or provided by you: (a) Through or in connection with Dynata’s corporate website(s), including, without limitation, www.dynata.com, www.surveysampling.com and www.researchnow.com; (b) Through or in connection with business meetings with actual or potential customers or clients; (c) Through or in connection with promotions, meetings, events, and/or trade or industry shows or conferences sponsored by, hosted by, or attended by Dynata and/or Dynata’s employees, representatives, and/or agents; and (d) Through telephone calls, email communications, and/or other forms of communication. (ii) Information collected from third parties: Dynata may collect information, including, without limitation, PII and business contact information, from third parties, including, without limitation, information service bureaus, social media platforms, and/or industry conference or event organizers or sponsors. We may use the information collected from such third parties for various purposes, including, without limitation, sending you emails or other communications as described herein. In the event you receive such communications you will have the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us. (iii) Information collected through automated means: (a) Dynata Cookies. Cookies are small files that store certain data on a device or computer. Dynata may use session and persistent cookies for several purposes including, without limitation, to enable you to use and transverse a website and quality control. Session cookies expire when you close your browser. Persistent cookies remain on your device or computer indefinitely until deleted. A user may disable and/or delete cookies via the user’s browser or otherwise, however, this may limit your use of a website, and/or decrease the functionality available to the user in connection with a website. (b) Third Party Cookies. Dynata uses third parties to provide services and certain functionality to Dynata. Dynata uses contracts with such third parties to control their use of cookies and to limit their use of cookies to the limited purposes set forth in the contracts. (c) Log Files. Dynata’s websites may automatically gather and store certain information in log files, including, without limitation, data available from your web browser, including, without limitation, IP Address, browser type, internet service provider, referring/exiting pages, operating system, date/time stamp and click stream data. (d) Cookie Notice: Dynata values your privacy. For a list of cookies utilized on or in connection with this Website, please click here . 4. How We Use the Information that We Collect.We may use information, including, without limitation, PII and business contact information, to: (i) Provide, administer, and communicate with you about Dynata’s products, promotions, services, events (e.g., webinars, etc.), newsletters, and industry expertise/knowledge (e.g., whitepapers, articles, etc.); (ii) Create, supplement, and update Dynata’s directories and records for actual and/or potential suppliers, customers, and/or clients; (iii) Protect against and prevent fraud, claims, liabilities, and to manage risk exposure; (iv) Respond to inquiries and requests; (v) Operate, evaluate, conduct, and improve Dynata’s business (including, without limitation, to complete transactions for Dynata’s products and/or services, to improve Dynata’s current products and/or services, to develop new products and/or services, etc.); (vi) Process and manage opt-out or unsubscribe requests; (vii) Comply with applicable laws, regulations, codes, and industry standards and practices; (viii) Conduct marketing and market research activities including, without limitation,: (a) contacting you to participate in customer satisfaction surveys or questionnaires via telephone, email, or otherwise, and (b) soliciting your opinions or feedback on Dynata’s business activities, including, without limitation, current and future products and services; (ix) Create and send targeted communications to you regarding you or your company’s transactions with Dynata and/or the profile for your company; (x) Respond to a subpoena or an order of a court or government agency; (xi) Establish, exercise, or defend legal claims, including, without limitation, in order to protect the safety of an individual or to protect Dynata’s rights and/or property; and (xii) Evaluate your interest in employment and contact you regarding possible employment opportunities with Dynata and/or any company within the Dynata group of companies. In addition to the above, Dynata may use information collected or received by Dynata as set forth in this Privacy Policy. In the event that you provide Dynata with any feedback, suggestions, and/or comments regarding Dynata’s business activities, including, without limitation, regarding current and/or future products and/or services, Dynata may use, apply, and implement such feedback, suggestions, and/or comments, at Dynata’s discretion, and without notice to you, without any consent or approval from you, without any compensation to you, and/or without any attribution or credit to you, and you hereby irrevocably assign and transfer to Dynata all right, title, and interest in and/or to any such feedback, suggestions, and/or comments. 5. How do we share your information? Dynata does not sell your information and does not disclose your information, except as described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise consented to by you. We may share information, including, without limitation, PII and business contact information, as follows: (i) Within the Dynata group of companies and the directors, managers, officers, employees, consultants, and agents of these companies, subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy or as otherwise disclosed to you at the time of the collection of the information or as subsequently consented to by you. (ii) To service providers who are performing services on our behalf, whether engaged directly by Dynata or engaged by a third party. The service providers are authorized to use and disclose the information only as necessary to perform and provide the services for which they were engaged. (iii) We may disclose information about you: (i) if we are required to do so pursuant to applicable laws or legal or court process; or (ii) when we believe disclosure is necessary to prevent harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of actual or suspected fraud or illegal activity. (iv) We also reserve the right to transfer information about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use information you have provided to us in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. Following such a sale or transfer, you may contact the entity to which we transferred your information with any inquiries concerning the processing of that information. 6. Where is Information Stored? All information, including, without limitation, PII and business contact information, is stored on servers and systems located in the United States, which servers are licensed, owned, and/or maintained by Dynata. 7. What Security Measures Has Dynata Implemented? Dynata maintains appropriate technical, administrative and physical safeguards to protect information, including, without limitation, PII, received or collected by Dynata. Dynata reviews, monitors and evaluates its privacy practices and protection systems on a regular basis.Notwithstanding the foregoing, transmissions over the Internet and/or a mobile network are not one hundred percent (100%) secure and Dynata does not guarantee the security of transmissions. Dynata is not responsible for any errors by individuals in submitting PII to Dynata. 8. How can I opt-out? You may opt-out by: (a) clicking on the unsubscribe link contained in any e-mail communication received from or about Dynata; or (b) contacting us as set forth below. 9. How Can You Access Your Information? You may access information we collect from or about you in order to review, correct, or delete such information by contacting Dynata as follows: – Sending an email request to privacy@dynata.com. – Sending a request via regular mail, postage pre-paid to: Dynata, LLC 4 Research Drive Shelton, Connecticut 06484 USA Attention: Legal – Information Request 10. Children’s Privacy. Dynata believes it is important to protect the online privacy of children. Accordingly, Dynata adheres to applicable laws and codes pertaining to the protection of children’s privacy, including, without limitation, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 in the United States (as amended). Dynata does not knowingly collect PII from anyone under the age thresholds prescribed by applicable laws and codes for the collection of PII from individuals without parental consent. If Dynata became aware that it had inadvertently collected PII from anyone under such age thresholds, Dynata would promptly delete such PII. 11. How Long Does Dynata Retain My Information? Dynata shall keep or retain your information for up to one (1) year following your request to opt-out of Dynata’s processing of your information. 12. Who can I contact with questions or complaints about this Privacy Policy? If you have any questions or complaints regarding Dynata’s privacy practices and/or this Privacy Policy or want to communicate an opt-out request to Dynata, or want to exercise your rights to access, review, correct, delete or object to the processing of PII, please contact us via email at privacy@Dynata.com. Dynata’s Legal Department is responsible for the organization’s compliance with this Privacy Policy. 13. Links To Other Websites. Dynata’s website(s) may contain or provide links to other websites for your convenience and information. These websites may operate independently from Dynata. Linked sites may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked websites. To the extent any linked websites you visit are not owned or controlled by Dynata, Dynata is not liable or responsible for the websites’ content, any use of the websites, or the privacy practices of the websites. 14. Updates to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes to Dynata’s practices and procedures set forth herein. In the event of any updates or changes to this Privacy Policy, Dynata will post a prominent notice on Dynata’s website(s) to notify you of any significant changes. 15.FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS Your Rights Under the California Consumer Protection Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) Pursuant to the California Consumer Protection Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), and subject to certain exceptions and limitations, Californians can contact Dynata to exercise the rights described below with respect to certain personal information that Dynata holds about them. To the extent those rights apply to you, they are described below. Dynata also handles certain personal information on behalf of Dynata customers. You should contact those customers to exercise any rights you may have with respect to that personal information. Right to Know About Personal Information Collected, Disclosed, or Sold You have the right to request that we provide you with details about the personal information we collect, use, disclose and sell. You can submit a verifiable consumer request by clicking here You can also submit your request via our toll-free number 833-681-0436. Dynata reserves the right to verify your identity to our satisfaction, including by asking you to log into your account if you have one.You are entitled to receive the following: The categories of your personal information that Dynata has collected in the preceding 12 monthsThe categories of sources from which that information was collectedThe business/commercial purpose for the collection or sellingThe categories of third parties with whom Dynata shares personal informationThe specific pieces of personal information Dynata has collected about you (subject to some exceptions) Because Dynata has disclosed or sold (as those words are defined in the CCPA) personal information to third parties in the last 12 months, you are also entitled to receive: The categories of personal information that Dynata has disclosed or sold in the past 12 months Right to Request Deletion of Personal Information You have the right to request deletion of the personal information we have collected about you (subject to some exceptions). You can submit your request as described above, and we reserve the right to conduct the verification described above. Right to Non-Discrimination for the Exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights You have the right not to receive unlawful discriminatory treatment by Dynata for the exercise of your privacy rights under the CCPA. Right to Opt-Out of Sale of Personal Information You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information by Dynata. You can submit a verifiable consumer request by clicking here or by calling 833-681-0436. You may also request to opt-out by sending an email to privacy@dynata.com. List of Categories of Personal Information to be Collected and May Have Been Sold or Disclosed Categories of Personal Information Collected Dynata collects personal information from research participants during and after registration with a panel, including, without limitation, during participation in a survey and in connection with the receipt and redemption of rewards and incentives and/or during the Application/Services registration and download process.The categories of personal information we may collect include: “Identifiers” such as NameAddress(es)Telephone number(s) (including home, cell, and/or business telephone numbers)Email address(es)Date of birthInternet Protocol addressUnique device identification number (such as identifiers for analytics or advertising)Network provider user ID (a number uniquely allocated to you by your network provider)Media Access Control (MAC) addressInternational Mobile Equipment Identity Unique cookie identifiersInternet or other electronic network activity information, and other information collected through automated means (more detail can be found [Here] , such as:Information about your device (e.g., device operating system, the other applications on your device, device network provider, device type, time zone, network status, browser type, browser identifier and other information that alone or in combination may be used to uniquely identify your device) GeolocationCookies and similar technologySocial media informationLog filesDigital fingerprintingWatermarkingBrowsing activity Professional or employment-related information, including occupationEducation informationAdditional content/material you submit, including photos, videos and/or similar contentCharacteristics of potentially protected classifications under California, federal or international law (e.g., health and medical conditions, sexual orientation or sexual life, political opinions/views, race/ethnic origin, gender, religious and philosophical beliefs and trade-union membership) Other medical informationDemographic information All of the information above was collected for the purposes described [HERE] In CCPA terms, these purposes, which are described further in that section of our Privacy Policy, include but are not limited to the following examples: Auditing related to a current interaction with you and concurrent transactions, including, but not limited to, counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with the CCPA and other standards;Detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity;Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality; Short-term, transient uses;Performing or using services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, processing payments, providing financing, providing or using advertising or marketing services, providing or using analytic services, or providing or using similar services;Undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration;Undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of services and devices, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance services and devices; and Facilitating the operational purposes of Dynata or our service providers. Categories of Personal Information that May Have Been Sold Dynata sold all of the above categories of personal information in the last 12 months. Categories of Personal Information that Were Disclosed Dynata disclosed all of the above categories of personal information in the last 12 months. SEARCH LOGIN Chinese (Simplified) English French Japanese Products Data Solutions Company Insights Hub About Cookies on this site: Cookie Notice