Your privacy is our priority. At the core of Ring, and guiding every action we take, is respect for the privacy and security of our neighbors (what we call our customers). This includes giving our neighbors effective, easy-to-use and affordable products and services to help protect their homes. It also means taking extremely seriously the privacy, security and control of their devices and personal information. Below you will find Ring’s guiding pillars. Our Privacy Pillars Privacy and security built in. From the initial idea to the final product, privacy and security are at the core of the decisions we make at Ring. Customers have control. Ring provides customers control over who’s able to see and access their videos, devices and personal information. Commitment to transparency. We’re committed to being transparent about our privacy and security practices. Video Security Keeping your videos safe Default video encryption Ring encrypts your videos stored in the cloud at rest and in transit by default. To learn more, see the Video Encryption page in Control Center. Optional Video End-to-End Encryption This additional advanced encryption option gives you even more control over who can view your videos. Learn more . Secure video storage With a Ring Protect Plan, your Ring videos in the cloud are stored temporarily, up to 180 days (depending on your storage time setting). Learn more Account Security Keeping your account secure Two-Step Verification This mandatory second layer of verification helps prevent unauthorized access to your Ring account. Learn more . Shared users You choose who to share your Ring account with, and have control over which devices they can access. You can remove any shared user at any time. Learn more. Extra layers of protection You will receive an email notification any time a new device logs into your Ring account. Learn more . Active account protection We take steps to monitor and block any identified potentially unauthorized login attempts into your Ring account. Control Center You’re in control Control from one place Control Center allows you to view and control important privacy and security settings from one dashboard in the Ring App. Learn more. Verify your devices See all devices (phones, tablets, computers) that are logged into your Ring account. Click “Remove all” to force devices to logout. Manage linked accounts View and manage the services you authorized to link to your Ring account via Ring authentication, like Alexa, and IFTTT. You can remove any individual service, at any time. Video request notifications Easily opt out of receiving video request notifications at any time. Keeping all your online accounts safe Create unique passwords Create unique passwords for your various online accounts. Do not reuse your username and passwords across multiple accounts. Two-Step Verification Two-step verification adds an extra layer of security to your accounts that offer this feature, helping prevent unauthorized access, even if someone has access to your account password. Learn More . Add a PIN to your mobile phone account Adding a PIN to your mobile account adds an extra layer of security that helps prevent attackers from taking over your mobile phone account. You can add a PIN from the account security section of your wireless carrier’s website, or by calling your carrier’s customer support. Stay up-to-date New features and security updates are constantly being added to your devices and apps, including your Ring App. So make sure you stay up-to-date with the latest security updates. Watch out for phishing scams Phishing is when a bad actor attempts to trick you with a fake email or text that claims to be legitimate in order to gain access to your login credentials. If you notice a suspicious email or text that falsely claims to come from Ring, report it to security@ring.com Use a password manager Password managers help you remember different passwords for multiple accounts. This helps you keep track of all your unique passwords. Password managers are available either as standalone apps, and are also available as extensions to popular browsers like Safari or Chrome. Frequently asked questions When does Ring record or store my videos? If you do not have a Ring Protect Plan, Ring does not record or store your videos, but you can still view your device's live video stream (Live View). If you do have a Ring Protect Plan (including a free trial), Ring records and stores videos when motion is detected by your device (including motion detected via Linked Devices), the video doorbell button is pressed, or you initiate Live View. Stored recordings are automatically deleted following the expiration of your Ring Protect Plan’s applicable storage period. For additional information regarding Ring’s video storage periods, see here. What about videos I’ve created a share link for?When you create a share link for one of your Ring videos, a copy of that video is made in the cloud to facilitate sharing. You can manage your shared videos in the Shared Video Management feature in Control Center in the Ring App and Ring.com. There, you can unshare videos, which deletes the shared copies and makes the videos inaccessible to people with whom you previously shared those links. The original videos in your Ring account, however, are not deleted until you delete them in the Ring App or Ring.com or they reach the expiration of your Ring Protect Plan’s applicable storage period. How can I access and view my cloud-stored recordings? If you have a Ring Protect Plan (including a free trial), you can access your cloud-stored recordings, download them, manually delete them one by one, or delete them all at once in the Ring app or on Ring.com. Videos stored in the cloud are automatically deleted following the expiration of your Ring Protect Plan's applicable storage period. Learn how to store videos locally with Ring Edge . How secure are my recordings? We have taken measures to help secure Ring devices from unauthorized access. These measures include restricting installation of third-party applications on the device, rigorous security reviews, software security development requirements, and encryption of communication between Ring devices with services such as AWS cloud storage services. Ring secures video recordings in transit and videos stored in the cloud on AWS servers. We use a combination of AES encryption (Advanced Encryption Standard) and TLS (Transport Layer Security) to secure data between Ring devices and AWS, and we encrypt data between Ring devices using AES encryption, TLS and SRTP (Secure Real Time Protocol). Who can view my recordings? You’re in control of who you grant video access to. You can add Shared Users to your account, who will then be able to view and download video recordings on the account. You can also share video recordings via text or email by creating a share link to the recording. After a share link has been created, the video recording may be viewed and downloaded by anyone with the share link ID. Additionally, you can make your videos publicly available by posting them on the Internet (including by posting them to the public social media app Neighbors by Ring). Why should I add Shared Users? Shared Users allow you to share device access with family, roommates, and others without sharing your login credentials. Shared Users can answer and receive alerts, view video recordings, and modify their personal alert settings, but they cannot delete videos, delete devices, or change device settings. For help adding someone as a Shared User, please click here . If I request Ring’s assistance with troubleshooting my device or video recordings, will Ring view my video recordings? If you are having issues with your device or video recordings, you can request assistance from Ring customer support. Associates do not have access to your videos and can only view the video recordings that you share with them. Does Ring view recordings for research and development? A small number of video recordings are viewed by our research and development team to improve Ring’s products, services and technology. These video recordings are either from users who have made them publicly available (by posting them on Neighbors or otherwise on the Internet), or from users, team members and their friends and family who have given us explicit permission to use them for this purpose (which they may revoke at any time). Does Ring share video recordings or other personal information with law enforcement agencies? In response to requests from law enforcement agencies, Ring will not disclose video recordings or other personal information of a user unless: (1) the user consents, (2) necessary to comply with the law, such as a valid warrant, or (3) there is an emergency involving imminent danger of death or serious physical injury to a person and there is insufficient time to obtain a court order. Ring objects to overbroad or otherwise inappropriate law enforcement demands as a matter of course. Unless prohibited from doing so or Ring has clear indication of illegal conduct in connection with the use of Ring products or services, Ring notifies users before disclosing personal information, including user videos, to a law enforcement agency. For additional information, see our law enforcement guidelines . Does Ring give law enforcement agencies direct access to a user’s personal information? No, Ring does not provide law enforcement agencies with direct access, or any sort of “back door access”, to a user’s personal information, including videos. Before sharing user information (including videos) in response to legal requests, Ring requires law enforcement agencies send a written request for personal information (e.g., subpoenas, search warrants or court orders) to Ring directly.For additional information, see our law enforcement guidelines. If I use the Neighbors App, does that give Ring team members the right to view all of my video recordings? No. Ring associates, similar to the general public, can only view the video recordings that you have elected to make publicly available by posting them on the Neighbors App (or otherwise on the Internet). Can Ring team members activate and view my live stream? No. Ring associates cannot activate and view live streams from your Ring device. Does Ring sell personal information to third parties? No. What is Ring’s stance on facial recognition technology? Ring does not use facial recognition technology in any of its devices or services, and will neither sell nor offer facial recognition technology to law enforcement. Privacy Notice Take a more detailed look at our privacy notice by clicking here Access to or Deletion of Personal Information You may have the right under applicable law to request information about the collection of your personal information by Ring, or access to or deletion of your personal information. If you wish to do so, please visit here or contact Customer Service . Depending on your choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable. Unsubscribing If you’d like to opt-out of marketing and other non-transactional communications from Ring, click the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of an email you've received from Ring. You will not be able to opt out of important or transactional communications from us, for example, billing confirmations and reminders, device updates, security-related communications, and service announcements. See our Privacy Notice for more information. Cookie Policy View our cookie policy by clicking here . If you have any questions or concerns, please email us at privacy@ring.com Privacy Ring for Pets Know they're safe – and talk to them, too.Anytime, anywhere. Company About Blog Press Terms of Service Privacy Manage Cookies Security Open Source Monitoring Licenses Careers Where to Buy Professional Install Ring Jobsite Security Community Commitments Certified Refurbished Lennar Information Request Reports Support Help FAQ Order Status System Status Contact Us Warranty Security Consultations Financing Give Back Discounts First Responder Discount Military Discount Medical Workers Discount Teacher Discount Safety Information Stolen Device Follow Us Change Your Cart ( Subtotal: This site uses cookies for marketing and analytics pursuant to our Privacy Notice. By continuing to browse this site, you agree to the placement of such cookies.