Skip to main content Skip to site map Skip to accessibility About Rogers Business Rogers Bank Support Find a store ON Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland and Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Français MyRogers Mobile Plans Phones Connected devices Add-ons & services Network Shop all mobile Deals Support Back to School deals Essays are hard. Saving on plans, easy. Shop now Device tutorials Looking for help with your new device? These tutorials can help. Learn more Internet Packages Features & add-ons Why Ignite Internet Deals Support Interested in Ignite Internet? Our quick quiz can help you find the best package for your needs. Take the quiz Self-install guides Learn how to set up your Ignite Internet, Ignite WiFi Pods and more. View guides TV & Streaming Bundles Features & add-ons Why Ignite TV Deals Support Get Ignite Streaming on us! Add Ignite Streaming to any Ignite Internet package at no additional cost. Search less and stream more with our Ignite Voice Remote for the ultimate streaming experience! Shop now Exchange Ignite TV channels Most Ignite TV Bundles come with Flex Channels, a selection of flexible channel choices that you can exchange. Learn more Home Security Packages Features & add-ons Learn more Deals Support Help and support Learn more about our home monitoring solutions, including how to get started with your system, what hardware is available and how to self-install. Learn more Deals Mobile Internet TV Bundles Home Security Shop All Back to School deals Essays are hard. Saving on plans, easy. Shop now Open Search Search Submit Search Support Billing & Accounts Terms & Policies Privacy, CRTC & Consumer Codes Privacy, CRTC & Consumer Codes Privacy Policy As part of our ongoing commitment to data protection and maintaining customer privacy, we want to ensure that our customers understand how we collect, use, and disclose their personal information. Our Privacy Policy outlines how we meet our legal obligations under Canadian private sector privacy law. To learn more about how Rogers uses your personal information visit our Privacy Centre . CRTC Applications and Notices For information on applications by Rogers currently under consideration with the CRTC click on the link below: CRTC & Consumer Codes Rogers Communications participates in the Adobe Marketing Cloud Device Co-op to better understand how you use our website and apps across the various devices you use, and to deliver tailored promotions. Learn more about how Adobe does this. Investor Relations Rogers together with Shaw Connected for Success About Rogers Inclusion & Diversity Privacy, CRTC & Consumer Codes Careers Accessibility Rogers Bank Security Terms & Conditions Site Map Media Contact Community Forums Quick Pay Contact Us Find a store © 1995 - 2023 Rogers Communications