Roku Privacy Policy Roku respects and values the privacy of our users. This Privacy Policy describes the information that Roku, Inc. and our affiliated companies other than TOH Intermediate Holdings, LLC and its subsidiaries ( “Roku,” “we,” or “us” ) collect about consumers ( “you” and “your household” ) and how we use and disclose that information. Scope of this Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy applies to information collected by Roku through the “Roku Services” , which includes: Roku websites ( “Roku Sites” ), Roku’s products and certain other products utilizing Roku’s streaming platform or operating systems (including Roku players, Roku TVs, Roku Smart Home devices, speakers and other audio-enabled products) (collectively, “Roku Devices” ), certain Roku co-branded channels ( “Roku Direct Publisher Channels” ), Roku’s mobile apps (including the Roku Mobile App and Roku Smart Home App), Roku branded channels like the Roku Media Player and The Roku Channel ( “Roku’s Channels” ), Roku’s advertising services, Roku emails and newsletters, and Roku’s accounts on third-party social networking sites. Using our products and services, you can access channels provided by other companies ( “Third-Party Channels” ), including hybrid broadcast broadband channels, and Roku co-branded channels like the Roku Direct Publisher Channels. When you install, access or stream one of these channels, you are also interacting with that channel directly, and the channel provider and its analytics and advertising partners may collect information from your Roku Device, including your device identifier and how you use their services. In addition, Roku’s Channels may also be available on platforms operated by other companies, including smart TVs, set top boxes, streaming devices, gaming devices, mobile devices or other internet connected devices. This Privacy Policy does not cover the actions and privacy practices of these channel providers, platform operators or their partners. For more information about how these companies use your data, please see their privacy policies. Part I. Information Collection Information is collected from or about you from various sources, as described below. A. Information You Provide 1. Registration Information When you sign up for a Roku account, we ask for information such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, birth date, gender and other demographic information. If you sign up using a social media account, we may also receive information from those social networking services, for example, your name or username. We also may collect similar contact information if you register to use or receive other products or services offered through Roku, or copies of Roku blog posts. When you subscribe to a streaming service from another provider through the Roku Services (e.g., when you subscribe to a streaming service on Roku Sites or within The Roku Channel, or to a Third-Party Channel on a Roku Device), your Roku account registration information may need to be collected by the provider to create an account with that service. For more information about how these providers will use your data, please see their respective privacy policies. 2. Purchase, Payment and Shipping Information When you add a credit card or payment method to your account or place an order with us, we will also collect your payment information and billing address, and (if you make a product purchase), other information that may be needed to complete your purchase, such as your shipping address. We connect you with merchants who partner with us to offer goods and services for sale on the Roku Services, through features such as shoppable ads. If you interact with a shoppable ad or if you choose to make a purchase on the Roku Services from these participating merchants, they and their partners will also collect information about you or information you provide, including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number, and payment information, to process the transaction, fulfill and ship your order, and for other purposes. You should review the privacy policies of the companies whom you choose to transact with to understand how your data will be used by them. Roku will also collect your purchase information. 3. Other Contact Information If you use product features with text messaging or email, Roku will also collect the phone number, email address, and any other contact information you provide to communicate with you in accordance with your account preferences and device or service settings. You may modify your Roku communication preferences and settings at any time by updating this information in your Roku account, in the relevant Roku mobile app, or certain device settings. Please consult the relevant online support documentation here for more information. 4.Communications If you contact us directly, we will receive additional information you provide, such as your name, email address and phone number, and the contents of any message or attachments that you send to us. You may also provide us with information if you subscribe to marketing communications from us or to obtain content such as product information, whitepapers and reports. If you message other users on the Roku Services like Roku Community, we will receive the contents of those messages. 5. Information You Provide About Others We also collect the personal information of other people. For example, if you invite or refer our products or services to families and friends by providing their names or email addresses, or if you provide the postal addresses and other contact information of recipients for gift purchases. Personal information about other people may be collected and used when you use Roku Smart Home devices and services. For instance, your Smart Home Devices may capture videos, images or voice content of other individuals. We rely on you to obtain any required permissions in advance to allow us to collect their personal information. 6. Uploaded Files Roku collects any files, including photos, videos or audio files, that you choose to upload to the Roku Services. 7. Comments, Reviews and Feedback You can provide comments, reviews and feedback on Roku Sites (e.g., Roku’s developer forums, blogs, message boards, community pages), and accounts on third-party social networking sites. Information posted in these venues may be available to the public. Please be mindful of your own privacy needs and those of others as you choose what to disclose and make public. We cannot control the privacy or security of information you choose to make public. B. Information Collected Automatically Through the Roku Services 1. Device Information We may receive information about the browsers and devices you use to access the Internet, including our services, such as device types and models, unique identifiers including advertising identifiers (e.g., for Roku Devices, the Advertising Identifier associated with that device), MAC address, IP address, operating system type and version, browser type and language, Wi-Fi network name and connection data, and information about other devices connected to the same network. We may also gather the WiFi MAC addresses and broadcast signal strengths of your router and other Wi-Fi routers in your area. For Roku Devices, we may also collect the name of the retailer to whom your Roku Device was shipped, various quality measures, error logs, software version numbers, and device status (including the status of battery-powered accessories). When you enable Bluetooth while using Roku Services, we may collect your Bluetooth usage, such as connection quality, the name of the device connected to your Roku Device, and the start and stop time of your connection. We may infer your general location information and internet service provider from the device information we collect (for example, IP address and MAC address may be used to infer your geographic area). You may also choose to provide your location to enhance the functionality of your Smart Home Devices. 2. Information from Cookies and Similar Technologies We and our business partners, such as analytics and advertising partners, collect information about your online activities over time and across different online services. For example, we use cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, SDK, device identifiers or similar technologies to recognize you when you use Roku Services, and to collect information such as the number of visits, which features, pages, or content are popular, and to measure your browsing activities. These technologies allow us to optimize the operation of our services, including by allowing us to ensure our services are functioning properly, improve and personalize the services, and to provide, personalize, and measure advertisements. 3. Activity, Location, and Usage Information on Roku Services We receive information about your interactions with the Roku Services, such as your browsing history, search history, search results, audio information when you use voice-enabled features, interactions with content and ads, and settings and preferences. When you access streaming services on a Roku device or Roku’s Channels on other devices, we may collect information about your activities, like the channels you install or access (including usage statistics such as what channels you access, the time you access them, and how long you spend viewing them), and information about the videos and other content you select and stream within these streaming services.If you use the Roku Media Player to view your video or photo files or listen to your music files, Roku will collect data about the files viewed within the Roku Media Player, such as codecs, and other metadata of the local files you play through the Roku Media Player. When you use a Roku TV with the Smart TV experience enabled, we use Automatic Content Recognition ( “ACR” ) technology to receive information about what you watch via the Roku TV’s antenna (including live television content and ads), and via devices connected to your Roku TV (including streaming players, consoles and cable and satellite set top boxes). For example, we collect TV viewing information such as the programs, commercials, and channels you view, the date, time and duration of the viewing, and how you use the on-screen TV guide. We collect TV viewing information both when you access live TV directly through your Smart TV’s interface and when you access live TV from within a Third-Party Channel. If the Smart TV experience is enabled on your Roku TV, we will use this information to personalize your TV viewing experience and ads. If you use Roku’s mobile app as a remote control or to otherwise interact with another device (e.g., using Play on Roku to play videos, photos and music stored on your mobile device on your Roku TV or a TV with a Roku streaming player connected to it), we will collect the device identifier of the device with which the mobile app interacts. For features like Play on Roku, Roku’s mobile apps may need permissions to access the content and other information stored on your mobile device. Through Roku’s advertising services, we receive information about when, where and how an ad was displayed, the content you were viewing when the ad was served, and your clicks and any other information you provide when you interact with the ad (such as your phone number in order to receive a coupon code, your zip code to find an advertiser’s closest locations or information related to the purchases you make through our shoppable ads). For example, when Roku provides advertising services in Third-Party Channels, Roku receives information related to the ad, such as the name of the Third-Party Channel and the genre, language, and rating of the content you are watching when Roku serves the ad. When you visit websites, apps, channels, streaming services, and connected devices (including Smart TVs and mobile devices) to which Roku provides advertising or measurement and analytics services, we may receive information about your activities, including the content you view, the date and time of your visits, how you interact with these websites, apps and devices, and how you interact and respond to ads. If our advertising partners choose to disclose this information to us, we will also receive other information connected to your interactions with these ads or advertisers, such as your name, email address, phone number, postal address, IP address, user agent and other online identifiers (such as any subscription ID or advertising IDs) that the advertiser has associated with you. For more information about how these advertisers use your data, please review their privacy policies. We may also receive your precise geolocation information (including from ad networks and advertising partners) and use it for advertising purposes, including ad targeting. 4. Information We Receive from Third Parties We collect information about you from other sources for the purposes described in Part II of this Privacy Policy, including to provide you a tailored user experience and advertising that may be of interest to you. For example, we may collect information from the following sources: Third parties who distribute Roku’s Channels on their devices . For example, if you access Roku’s Channels on media streaming devices or mobile devices from other companies, they may provide us IP addresses, device IDs or other unique identifiers, and user actions that relate to Roku . Third parties whose services are available through the Roku Services. For example, Third Party Channels and Roku Direct Publisher Channels may provide us IP addresses, device IDs or other unique identifiers, and information about your interactions with their content and channels. If you add a third-party payment service to your Roku account, we will receive your payment method from that service. Data providers, ad networks and other advertising partners. These business partners may provide IP addresses, device IDs, other unique identifiers, and information about you, such as information about your online activities, interests, household information, demographics, and health and wellness information. Advertisers. Advertisers that show ads through Roku’s advertising services may also provide data about individuals to us to personalize and measure ads through Roku’s advertising services, and for other purposes described in Part II. Service providers.We outsource some of our operations to our service providers and vendors. For example, payment service providers that provide us payment or balance information, and ad fraud vendors that provide IP addresses to help us identify potentially suspicious activities. Sweepstakes and Contests. If you enter one of our sweepstakes or contests hosted on a third-party platform, we will receive information about you and the information you provide to enter. We may also receive your personal information from other individuals if they have referred you as described under Part I, Section A(5), above. 5. Information Collected by Streaming Service Providers If you install, access or use a streaming service through us (such as a Third-Party Channel, Roku Direct Publisher Channel, or third-party streaming service within The Roku Channel), or if you conduct a voice search in one of these services, you may also be interacting with that provider directly, and the provider and its advertising partners may collect information about your Roku Devices (including unique identifiers, IP addresses, and device settings like language and time zone) and your usage of their service (e.g., videos, ads and other content you search, select and stream within their service, and audio information when you use some of the voice-enabled features). These streaming services may collect some of the information described in this section when their app is installed but not actively streaming. These streaming services may also receive your Roku account registration information (if you choose to subscribe to their service), and information about your interactions with the Roku Services, as further described in Part III, B below. You should review the privacy policy for the streaming service you want to install or stream to understand how your data is used by that provider. 6. Information Collected by Voice Assistant Providers If you link your Roku Device to a non-Roku voice-enabled virtual assistant service (e.g., Alexa and Google Assistant), and use it to control your Roku Device, you are interacting with that voice service directly and the provider of the service will record your voice and disclose this information to us, and we will use that information as described in this Privacy Policy. For more information about how these providers may use your voice data, please review their privacy policies. 7. Information Collected by Third-Party Platforms and Devices You Use to Access the Roku Services If you access our services, such as Roku’s Channels, on platforms and devices operated by other companies, including third-party smart TVs, streaming devices or mobile phones, these companies may also collect information about you. You should review the privacy policy for these companies to understand how your data is used by them and their partners. Part II. Information Usage We may combine the information we collect about you and use it to derive other information and inferences about you. We use the information we collect and derive for the following purposes: Support, Maintenance and Fulfillment. We use your information to provide and maintain the Roku Services, and to process and fulfill your requests or orders; Improvement of Products and Services. We use your information to understand and analyze our user base and how you use the Roku Services, to improve and enhance the Roku Services (including building correlations for use in Roku’s advertising services in order to better serve our advertisers), and to develop new products, services, features and functionalities; Personalization. We use your information to personalize your experience on the Roku Services, including suggesting and offering you relevant content and recommendations; Advertising Services. We use your information to show you ads (including personalized ads) through the Roku Services, on Third-Party Channels, and on third-party websites, mobile apps, platforms and devices. We use your information to measure and understand the reach, viewership, and effectiveness of advertising, and to provide advertising analytics and reporting. We also help advertisers and advertising partners reach the desired audience and understand, measure and improve their ad campaigns. We associate the browsers and devices (such as smartphones, tablets, streaming players, connected TVs, and computers) used by the same individual or household for purposes of advertising to that individual or household on different browsers or devices. This allows, for example, ads you see on your tablet to be based on activities you engaged in on your Roku TV. Marketing and Promotions. We use your information for marketing purposes, including to send you alerts, notifications, emails and text messages, about products, events, promotions and offers from Roku or its partners, and to measure and understand the effectiveness of our marketing; Analytics and Performance.We use your information to measure performance and analyze key metrics relevant to our business; Service Communication and Customer Care. We use your information to communicate with you, including sending you service information such as confirmations, invoices, notices, updates, security alerts, user surveys, and support and administrative messages; and to respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service; Protect Roku, our Users and Others. We use your information to enforce our terms and conditions or protect our business, partners or users, and to comply with our contractual and legal obligations; and Security and Fraud Prevention. We use your information to protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, infringing or illegal activity, including click fraud. Part III. Our Disclosure of Information A. Service Providers and Vendors We work with other businesses (including contractors and service providers) to provide services for us and to help with our operations, which may require that they access and use your information. For instance, we may use other companies to communicate with you (including via telephone, email, or letter) about our products or services, to send information to you, to process and collect payment via your credit card (if applicable), to provide customer support and other services, to obtain additional data about you, and to perform analytics and other work that we may need to outsource -- such as using Google Analytics to collect and process certain analytics data for Roku Services. These analytics services may also collect information regarding your use of other companies’ websites, apps, online services, and devices. You can learn about Google’s practices by going to https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners , and opt out of them by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout B. Channel and Content Providers We may disclose personal information (including Roku account registration information when you sign up with the channel or content provider, and information about your interactions with their content and the Roku Services), with partners whose services are available through the Roku Services such as providers of Third-Party Channels, Roku Direct Publisher Channels and other content providers on the Roku Services. This information is disclosed for different purposes, including for reporting and analytics (for example, to understand content popularity, viewership and use of the partners’ services), helping you subscribe to channels or access paid content, providing services to you, tailoring your user experience, customizing your content searches and discovery, and personalizing ads to you. C. Advertisers, Ad networks and other Advertising Partners We work with ad networks and other advertising partners to show you ads that we think may interest you for Roku’s products and services on Roku Services and on other companies’ websites, apps, and devices. We also work with them to show you ads from advertisers on Roku Services and on other companies’ websites, apps, and devices. We disclose information to these ad networks, advertising partners and our advertisers, and they may set and access their own cookies, pixel tags and similar technologies on the Roku Services and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you which they collect over time and across different online services and devices. D. Advertising Measurement Providers and Services We work with advertising measurement providers and their service providers to help us and our advertisers understand information about the content and ads viewed, and the effectiveness of ad campaigns, including the audience that saw their ads and how they responded. These measurement providers collect or receive information about your viewing of or interaction with content and ads, including ads that you view within Roku Direct Publisher Channels, Roku’s Channels and Third-Party Channels, as well as ads included in content that you view through your Roku TV’s antenna and connected devices (if you enabled Roku’s Smart TV Experience as described above in Part I, Section B(3)), and ads you view on other websites, mobile apps, and connected devices (including Smart TVs) to which Roku provides advertising services. We may also disclose your demographics data and audience segments (e.g., sports fans, sitcom enthusiasts, cord cutters, etc.) with advertising measurement providers and their service providers. Measurement providers use your information to create statistics about what content and ads are being watched – for example, to help them and their clients understand the audience viewing the content or ads, and to measure the effectiveness of the ads. Roku, through its advertising services, provides measurement and analytics solutions to other companies.In providing these services, we analyze and reorganize ad campaign data from these companies and provide analytics reports to help them better understand the audience that viewed the company’s ads and whether those viewers belong to the same household. E. Third-Party Platforms and Devices You Use If you access our services, such as Roku’s Channels, on media streaming devices or mobile devices from other companies, we may disclose certain information to them, including information about your interactions with Roku’s Channel and its content, IP address, device identifier, and user privacy settings to coordinate on the provision of services to you, tailor your user experience, and personalize ads to you. F. Participating Merchants If you buy goods or services on the Roku Services, we may need to disclose information about you and information you provide to the merchant to process the transaction, fulfill and ship your order, and for other purposes. G. Voice Assistant Providers If you link your Roku Device to a non-Roku voice-enabled virtual assistant (e.g., Alexa and Google Assistant), you are choosing to have us disclose device data to the voice assistant provider, such as device type and name, device identifiers, its state (e.g., whether the device is powered on, whether the device is playing video), names of installed streaming service apps, and the names of your device HDMI ports. If you direct such virtual assistant to display content, we will also disclose the content to such voice provider to carry out your request. For information about how these providers use this data, please review their privacy policies. H. Corporate Affiliates We may disclose your information to our current or future affiliates (which means a parent company, and any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control), in which case we will require our affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. I. Consent We may also disclose personal information, including personally identifying information, with your consent, for example, when you agree to our provision of your personally identifying information to other third parties for their own marketing purposes, subject to their separate privacy policies. J. Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers We may also disclose your information to others in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets to another company. K. As Required by Law and Similar Disclosures We may also disclose your information (1) to comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process, (2) to protect the rights and property of Roku, our employees, agents, customers, and others, including to enforce our agreements, policies, and terms of use, (3) in an emergency to protect the personal safety of Roku, its employees or customers, or any person, or (4) to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal or suspected illegal activities. L. Aggregated or De-Identified Information We may also disclose aggregated or de-identified information (i.e., information that does not personally identify you directly), or statistical information about you, including demographics data and audience segments (e.g., sports fans, sitcom enthusiasts, cord cutters, etc.), to others for a variety of purposes, including for their own uses, for example, for improving their products and services for us and others, and to make ads more relevant to your interests. M. Other Users of the Roku Services We may disclose your information to other users of the Roku Services at your request, or when you use certain features of our products and services. For instance, if you post comments or publish a review of a Roku product on the Roku Sites, other users of the Roku Sites will be able to read your review. If you upload content, including comments, videos or audio files, to the Roku Services, or if you grant access to your Roku Devices, these content and devices will be viewable by other users. If you direct message another user through the Roku Services, then we will disclose your message and your user ID to that user. Part IV. Information Access and Choices A. General Requests If you have a Roku account, you may view and update certain contact and billing information we have about you by logging into your account on Roku.com . If you otherwise wish to ask for access, correction, or deletion of any of your personal information held by us, please click here . However, we may decline requests that are unreasonable, prohibited by law, or are not required to be honored by applicable law. B. Email Marketing Choices Our marketing emails tell you how to opt out of receiving further marketing emails.If you opt out, we may still send you non-marketing emails, such as emails about your accounts and our business dealings with you, and, as allowed by applicable law, requests for your participation in surveys. You may also contact us here at any time to let us know that you no longer wish to receive further marketing emails from us. C. Personalized Advertising Choices You can ask Roku to stop personalizing your ads on mobile apps by accessing any settings offered by your mobile operating system to limit ad tracking.You can ask Roku to stop personalizing your ads on websites by accessing the opt-out here You can ask Roku to stop personalizing the ads on your Roku streaming device, by selecting “Limit Ad Tracking” or turning off “Personalize Ads” in your Settings, depending on the settings provided on your device. If you are streaming a Third-Party Channel, that channel may not respond to these settings. You should review the privacy policy provided by the Third-Party Channel to understand your choices. You can also reset the Advertising Identifier of your Roku Device by choosing “Reset Advertising Identifier” in your Roku Device settings. To ask Roku to stop personalizing your ads on Smart TVs, set top boxes, media streaming devices and other OTT platforms offered by other companies, you can use the Limit Ad Tracking (or similar) setting on that platform, if one is available. Each of these opt-out mechanisms opts you out of Roku’s personalizing of ads only for that specific device or browser and will not affect activities or personalized advertising on other browsers or different devices. You can opt out of personalized ads from third parties on the Roku Sites through our opt-out tool included in Roku’s cookie policy here . This tool opts you out of personalized advertising only for that specific browser from which you opt out and will not affect activities or targeted advertising on other browsers or different devices. D. Choices Regarding “Smart TV Experience” and Automatic Content Recognition (ACR) on Roku TVs If you would like to disable the Smart TV Experience on your Roku TV, please visit your Roku TV’s Settings menu ( Settings > Privacy > Smart TV Experience ) and de-select “Use Info from TV Inputs”. E. Voice Feature Choices Visit the Settings menu of your Roku Device with voice-activated features (under Settings > Privacy > Voice) for controls regarding channel applications’ access to the microphone on your remote control or mobile device. You can also disable Roku’s retention of voice recordings captured on your remote control or mobile device by logging into your account on Roku.com and visiting the Voice Settings page. F. Smart Home Device Data If you own a Roku Smart Home device, you can manage device settings and the retention and transfer of device content from the Roku Smart Home Mobile App and/or the Roku Smart Home webpage. You may be asked to provide video and audio recordings to help Roku and its partners improve their products and services but are not required to provide consent. Part V: Data Storage, Transfers and Security A. Security: We use industry-standard methods of securing electronic databases of personal information. However, you should know that no company, including Roku, can fully eliminate security risks associated with personal information. To help protect yourself, please use a strong password, do not use the same password to access your Roku account that you use with other accounts or services, and protect your usernames and passwords to help prevent others from accessing your accounts and services. B. Transfers: Roku is a global company with affiliates, varied business processes, management structures and technical systems that cross borders. Information collected by Roku or on our behalf may be stored on your Roku Devices, on your mobile device if you use Roku’s mobile apps, or on our servers, and may be transferred to, accessed from, or stored and processed globally in any other country where Roku or its service providers maintain facilities or call centers, including jurisdictions that may not have data privacy laws that provide protections equivalent to those provided in your home country. While such information is outside of your country of residence, it is subject to the laws of the country in which it is held, and may be subject to disclosure to the governments, courts or law enforcement or regulatory agencies of such other country, pursuant to the laws of such country. We will protect all personal information we obtain in accordance with this Privacy Policy and take reasonable steps to ensure that it is treated lawfully. C. Retention: Personal information we collect may be retained for as long as needed to fulfill legitimate business purposes, including the purposes outlined in “Information Usage” under Part II, or for a time period specifically required or allowed by applicable regulations or laws. Supplemental U.S.State Law Privacy Notice This additional notice is for residents of California, Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia, and supplements the information contained in the Privacy Policy and applies to residents of those states whose data we process as a business or controller. It also describes how you exercise the rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act, the Colorado Privacy Act, the Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (collectively the “U.S. State Privacy Laws” ). For the purpose of this section (Part VI), “Personal Information” means information that identifies, or could reasonably be associated with, you, your device or household. Where applicable, Personal Information has the same meaning as those same terms or similar terms under the U.S. State Privacy Laws of the state in which you reside. Personal Information does not include information that is: Publicly available, as defined by the U.S. State Privacy Laws.Deidentified or aggregated.Otherwise excluded from the scope of the U.S. State Privacy Laws. In the event that a term used in this Part VI has a different meaning under different U.S. State Privacy Laws, such term shall have the meaning under the laws of the state in which you reside. 1. Sources of Personal Information We Collect and Process We collect Personal Information from you when you provide it to us or automatically through the Roku Services. We may also obtain information about you from other sources, such as third-party platforms, devices and services used to access the Roku Services, Third Party Channels, Roku Direct Publisher Channels, content providers, data providers, ad networks and advertising partners, advertisers, service providers (including payment service providers), participating merchants and their partners, and other users if they have referred you to the Roku Services or provided your information to us. 2. Categories of Personal Information We Collect, Process and Disclose to Third Parties; and the Purposes of Processing Categories of Personal Information Being Collected and Processed The Purposes for Processing Categories of Third Parties to Whom the Personal Information Is Disclosed for a Business Purpose Categories of Third Parties to Whom the Personal Information is "Shared" for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising or "Sold" and the Purpose A. Identifiers including, device identifiers, internet protocol addresses, browser cookies, and other unique online identifiers To provide and maintain the Roku Services, and to process and fulfill your requests or orders.To understand and analyze our user base and how you use the Roku Services, and to improve and enhance the Roku Services (including building correlations for use in Roku’s advertising services in order to better serve our advertisers), and to develop new products, services, features and functionality.To personalize your experience on the Roku Services, including suggesting and offering you relevant content and recommendations. To show you ads (including targeted ads) through the Roku Services, on Third-Party Channels, and on third-party websites, mobile apps, platforms and devices. We use your information to measure and understand the reach, viewership, and effectiveness of advertising, and provide advertising analytics and reporting. We also help advertisers and advertising partners reach the desired audience and understand, measure and improve their ad campaigns.For marketing purposes, including to send you alerts, notifications, emails and text messages, about products, events, promotions and offers from Roku or its partners, and to measure and understand the effectiveness of our marketing. To measure performance and analyze key metrics relevant to our business.To communicate with you, including sending you service information such as confirmations, invoices, notices, updates, security alerts, user surveys, and support and administrative messages; and to respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service.To enforce our terms and conditions or protect our business, partners or users, and comply with our contractual and legal obligations.To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, infringing or illegal activity, including click fraud.Service providers and vendors Channel and content providersAdvertisers, ad networks and advertising partnersAdvertising measurement providersThird party platforms and devices you use to access the Roku ServicesVoice assistant providersOur affiliatesLaw enforcement or others involved with legal, security and safety matters, processes and requestsOther users of the Roku ServicesMerchants and their partners you transact with on Roku Services Advertisers, ad networks, advertising partners, and ad measurement providers (to bring you more relevant ads and report on effectiveness of ad campaigns)Channel providers, where the channel application is installed on your Roku Device, and content providers from whom you purchase or subscribe to content (to help you discover content and provide a more tailored experience on the Roku Services, for analytics and reporting purposes by the providers, or to bring you more relevant ads and report on effectiveness of ad campaigns) Third party platforms and devices you use to access the Roku Services (to help them bring you more relevant ads and report on the effectiveness of ad campaigns) B. Account registration Information, i.e., name, address, email address, telephone number, and payment method and card number To provide and maintain the Roku Services, and to process and fulfill your requests or orders.To understand and analyze our user base and how you use the Roku Services, and to improve and enhance the Roku Services (including building correlations for use in Roku’s advertising services in order to better serve our advertisers), and to develop new products, services, features and functionality.To personalize your experience on the Roku Services, including suggesting and offering you relevant content and recommendations. For marketing purposes, including to send you alerts, notifications, emails and text messages, about products, events, promotions and offers from Roku or its partners, and to measure and understand the effectiveness of our marketing.To measure performance and analyze key metrics relevant to our business.To communicate with you, including sending you service information such as confirmations, invoices, notices, updates, security alerts, user surveys, and support and administrative messages; and to respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service. To enforce our terms and conditions or protect our business, partners or users, and comply with our contractual and legal obligations.To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, infringing or illegal activity, including click fraud.Service providers and vendors Channel and content providers from whom you are purchasing or subscribing Our affiliates Law enforcement or others involved with legal, security and safety matters, processes and requests Merchants and their partners you transact with on Roku Services C. Characteristics of protected classifications under California or Federal law To provide and maintain the Roku Services, and to process and fulfill your requests or orders.To understand and analyze our user base and how you use the Roku Services, and to improve and enhance the Roku Services (including building correlations for use in Roku’s advertising services in order to better serve our advertisers), and to develop new products, services, features and functionality.To personalize your experience on the Roku Services, including suggesting and offering you relevant content and recommendations. To show you ads (including targeted ads) through the Roku Services, on Third-Party Channels, and on third-party websites, mobile apps, platforms and devices. We use your information to measure and understand the reach, viewership, and effectiveness of advertising, and provide advertising analytics and reporting. We also help advertisers and advertising partners reach the desired audience and understand, measure and improve their ad campaigns.For marketing purposes, including to send you alerts, notifications, emails and text messages, about products, events, promotions and offers from Roku or its partners, and to measure and understand the effectiveness of our marketing.To measure performance and analyze key metrics relevant to our business.To enforce our terms and conditions or protect our business, partners or users, and comply with our contractual and legal obligations.Service providers and vendorsChannel and content providersAdvertisers, ad networks and advertising partnersAdvertising measurement providersOur affiliatesLaw enforcement or others involved with legal, security and safety matters, processes and requests Advertisers, ad networks, advertising partners, and ad measurement providers (to bring you more relevant ads and report on effectiveness of ad campaigns) D. Commercial information, including products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies To provide and maintain the Roku Services, and to process and fulfill your requests or orders.To understand and analyze our user base and how you use the Roku Services, and to improve and enhance the Roku Services (including building correlations for use in Roku’s advertising services in order to better serve our advertisers), and to develop new products, services, features and functionality.To personalize your experience on the Roku Services, including suggesting and offering you relevant content and recommendations. To show you ads (including targeted ads) through the Roku Services, on Third-Party Channels, and on third-party websites, mobile apps, platforms and devices. We use your information to measure and understand the reach, viewership, and effectiveness of advertising, and provide advertising analytics and reporting. We also help advertisers and advertising partners reach the desired audience and understand, measure and improve their ad campaigns.For marketing purposes, including to send you alerts, notifications, emails and text messages, about products, events, promotions and offers from Roku or its partners, and to measure and understand the effectiveness of our marketing. To measure performance and analyze key metrics relevant to our business.To communicate with you, including sending you service information such as confirmations, invoices, notices, updates, security alerts, user surveys, and support and administrative messages; and to respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service.To enforce our terms and conditions or protect our business, partners or users, and comply with our contractual and legal obligations.To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, infringing or illegal activity, including click fraud. Service providers and vendorsChannel and content providersAdvertisers, ad networks and advertising partnersAdvertising measurement providersOur affiliatesLaw enforcement or others involved with legal, security and safety matters, processes and requestsMerchants and their partners you transact with on Roku ServicesAdvertisers, ad networks, advertising partners, and ad measurement providers (to bring you more relevant ads and report on effectiveness of ad campaigns) E. Internet or other electronic network activity information, including internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer’s interaction with an Internet website, application, service or advertisement To provide and maintain the Roku Services, and to process and fulfill your requests or orders.To understand and analyze our user base and how you use the Roku Services, and to improve and enhance the Roku Services (including building correlations for use in Roku’s advertising services in order to better serve our advertisers), and to develop new products, services, features and functionality.To personalize your experience on the Roku Services, including suggesting and offering you relevant content and recommendations. To show you ads (including targeted ads) through the Roku Services, on Third-Party Channels, and on third-party websites, mobile apps, platforms and devices. We use your information to measure and understand the reach, viewership, and effectiveness of advertising, and provide advertising analytics and reporting. We also help advertisers and advertising partners reach the desired audience and understand, measure and improve their ad campaigns.For marketing purposes, including to send you alerts, notifications, emails and text messages, about products, events, promotions and offers from Roku or its partners, and to measure and understand the effectiveness of our marketing.To measure performance and analyze key metrics relevant to our business.To communicate with you, including sending you service information such as confirmations, invoices, notices, updates, security alerts, user surveys, and support and administrative messages; and to respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service.To enforce our terms and conditions or protect our business, partners or users, and comply with our contractual and legal obligations.To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, infringing or illegal activity, including click fraud. Service providers and vendorsChannel and content providersAdvertisers, ad networks and advertising partnersAdvertising measurement providersThird party platforms and devices you use to access the Roku ServicesVoice assistant providersOur affiliatesLaw enforcement or others involved with legal, security and safety matters, processes and requestsOther users of the Roku services when you use certain features of our service (e.g., when you post on Roku Community, upload product reviews or content) Advertisers, ad networks, advertising partners, and ad measurement providers (to bring you more relevant ads and report on effectiveness of ad campaigns)Channel providers, where the channel application is installed on your Roku Device, and content providers from whom you purchase or subscribe to content (to help you discover content and provide a more tailored experience on the Roku Services, for analytics and reporting purposes by the providers, or to bring you more relevant ads and report on effectiveness of ad campaigns) Third party platforms and devices you use to access the Roku Services (to help them bring you more relevant ads and report on the effectiveness of ad campaigns) F. General geolocation data, such as general location and geographical information, including designated market area, country, province, state, city, and postal code To provide and maintain the Roku Services, and to process and fulfill your requests or orders.To understand and analyze our user base and how you use the Roku Services, and to improve and enhance the Roku Services (including building correlations for use in Roku’s advertising services in order to better serve our advertisers), and to develop new products, services, features and functionality.To personalize your experience on the Roku Services, including suggesting and offering you relevant content and recommendations. To show you ads (including targeted ads) through the Roku Services, on Third-Party Channels, and on third-party websites, mobile apps, platforms and devices. We use your information to measure and understand the reach, viewership, and effectiveness of advertising, and provide advertising analytics and reporting. We also help advertisers and advertising partners reach the desired audience and understand, measure and improve their ad campaigns.For marketing purposes, including to send you alerts, notifications, emails and text messages, about products, events, promotions and offers from Roku or its partners, and to measure and understand the effectiveness of our marketing. To measure performance and analyze key metrics relevant to our business.To communicate with you, including sending you service information such as confirmations, invoices, notices, updates, security alerts, user surveys, and support and administrative messages; and to respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service.To enforce our terms and conditions or protect our business, partners or users, and comply with our contractual and legal obligations.To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, infringing or illegal activity, including click fraud. Service providers and vendorsAdvertisers, ad networks and advertising partnersAdvertising measurement providersOur affiliatesLaw enforcement or others involved with legal, security and safety matters, processes and requestsAdvertisers, ad networks, advertising partners, and ad measurement providers (to bring you more relevant ads and report on effectiveness of ad campaigns) G. Precise geolocation To provide and maintain the Roku Services, and to process and fulfill your requests or orders.To understand and analyze our user base and how you use the Roku Services, and to improve and enhance the Roku Services (including building correlations for use in Roku’s advertising services in order to better serve our advertisers), and to develop new products, services, features and functionality.To personalize your experience on the Roku Services, including suggesting and offering you relevant content and recommendations.To measure performance and analyze key metrics relevant to our business.To enforce our terms and conditions or protect our business, partners or users, and comply with our contractual and legal obligations.To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, infringing or illegal activity, including click fraud.Service providers and vendors Our affiliatesLaw enforcement or others involved with legal, security and safety matters, processes and requests H. Audio and visual Information, including consumers' photos, videos, and audio recordings To provide and maintain the Roku Services, and to process and fulfill your requests or orders.To understand and analyze our user base and how you use the Roku Services, and to improve and enhance the Roku Services (including building correlations for use in Roku’s advertising services in order to better serve our advertisers), and to develop new products, services, features and functionality.To measure performance and analyze key metrics relevant to our business.To communicate with you, including sending you service information such as confirmations, invoices, notices, updates, security alerts, user surveys, and support and administrative messages; and to respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service. To enforce our terms and conditions or protect our business, partners or users, and comply with our contractual and legal obligations.To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, infringing or illegal activity, including click fraud.Service providers and vendorsChannel and content providersVoice assistant providersOur affiliatesLaw enforcement or others involved with legal, security and safety matters, processes and requests Other users of the Roku Services I. Inferences drawn from Personal Information, including your preferences, interests, and other information used to personalize your experience To provide and maintain the Roku Services, and to process and fulfill your requests or orders.To understand and analyze our user base and how you use the Roku Services, and to improve and enhance the Roku Services (including building correlations for use in Roku’s advertising services in order to better serve our advertisers), and to develop new products, services, features and functionality.To personalize your experience on the Roku Services, including suggesting and offering you relevant content and recommendations. To show you ads (including targeted ads) through the Roku Services, on Third-Party Channels, and on third-party websites, mobile apps, platforms and devices. We use your information to measure and understand the reach, viewership, and effectiveness of advertising, and provide advertising analytics and reporting. We also help advertisers and advertising partners reach the desired audience and understand, measure and improve their ad campaigns.For marketing purposes, including to send you alerts, notifications, emails and text messages, about products, events, promotions and offers from Roku or its partners, and to measure and understand the effectiveness of our marketing. To measure performance and analyze key metrics relevant to our business.To communicate with you, including sending you service information such as confirmations, invoices, notices, updates, security alerts, user surveys, and support and administrative messages; and to respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service.To enforce our terms and conditions or protect our business, partners or users, and comply with our contractual and legal obligations.To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, infringing or illegal activity, including click fraud. Service providers and vendorsAdvertisers, ad networks and advertising partners Advertising measurement providers and servicesOur affiliatesLaw enforcement or others involved with legal, security and safety matters, processes and requestsAdvertisers, ad networks, advertising partners, and ad measurement providers (to bring you more relevant ads and report on effectiveness of ad campaigns) J. Professional or Employment Information To understand and analyze our user base and how you use the Roku Services, and to improve and enhance the Roku Services (including building correlations for use in Roku’s advertising services in order to better serve our advertisers), and to develop new products, services, features and functionality.To personalize your experience on the Roku Services, including suggesting and offering you relevant content and recommendations.To show you ads (including targeted ads) through the Roku Services, on Third-Party Channels, and on third-party websites, mobile apps, platforms and devices. We use your information to measure and understand the reach, viewership, and effectiveness of advertising, and provide advertising analytics and reporting.We also help advertisers and advertising partners reach the desired audience and understand, measure and improve their ad campaigns. For marketing purposes, including to send you alerts, notifications, emails and text messages, about products, events, promotions and offers from Roku or its partners, and to measure and understand the effectiveness of our marketing.To measure performance and analyze key metrics relevant to our business.To enforce our terms and conditions or protect our business, partners or users, and comply with our contractual and legal obligations.Service providers and vendors Advertisers, ad networks and advertising partners Advertising measurement providersOur affiliatesLaw enforcement or others involved with legal, security and safety matters, processes and requestsAdvertisers, ad networks, advertising partners, and ad measurement providers (to bring you more relevant ads and report on effectiveness of ad campaigns) K. Education Information To understand and analyze our user base and how you use the Roku Services, and to improve and enhance the Roku Services (including building correlations for use in Roku’s advertising services in order to better serve our advertisers), and to develop new products, services, features and functionality.To personalize your experience on the Roku Services, including suggesting and offering you relevant content and recommendations.To show you ads (including targeted ads) through the Roku Services, on Third-Party Channels, and on third-party websites, mobile apps, platforms and devices. We use your information to measure and understand the reach, viewership, and effectiveness of advertising, and provide advertising analytics and reporting. We also help advertisers and advertising partners reach the desired audience and understand, measure and improve their ad campaigns. For marketing purposes, including to send you alerts, notifications, emails and text messages, about products, events, promotions and offers from Roku or its partners, and to measure and understand the effectiveness of our marketing.To measure performance and analyze key metrics relevant to our business.To enforce our terms and conditions or protect our business, partners or users, and comply with our contractual and legal obligations.Service providers and vendors Advertisers, ad networks and advertising partners Advertising measurement providersOur affiliatesLaw enforcement or others involved with legal, security and safety matters, processes and requestsAdvertisers, ad networks, advertising partners, and ad measurement providers (to bring you more relevant ads and report on effectiveness of ad campaigns) L. Personal Information that reveals racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, union membership, and health and wellness information To understand and analyze our user base and how you use the Roku Services, and to improve and enhance the Roku Services (including building correlations for use in Roku’s advertising services in order to better serve our advertisers), and to develop new products, services, features and functionality.To personalize your experience on the Roku Services, including suggesting and offering you relevant content and recommendations.To show you ads (including targeted ads) through the Roku Services, on Third-Party Channels, and on third-party websites, mobile apps, platforms and devices. We use your information to measure and understand the reach, viewership, and effectiveness of advertising, and provide advertising analytics and reporting. We also help advertisers and advertising partners reach the desired audience and understand, measure and improve their ad campaigns.For marketing purposes, including to send you alerts, notifications, emails and text messages, about products, events, promotions and offers from Roku or its partners, and to measure and understand the effectiveness of our marketing.To measure performance and analyze key metrics relevant to our business.To enforce our terms and conditions or protect our business, partners or users, and comply with our contractual and legal obligations.Service providers and vendors Advertisers, ad networks and advertising partnersAdvertising measurement providers Our affiliatesLaw enforcement or others involved with legal, security and safety matters, processes and requestsAdvertisers, ad networks, advertising partners, and ad measurement providers (to bring you more relevant ads and report on effectiveness of ad campaigns) M. Personal Information that reveals (a) account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account, (b) social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number, and (c) content of consumer emails, texts and messages where we are not the intended recipient To provide and maintain the Roku Services, and to process and fulfill your requests or orders.To enforce our terms and conditions or protect our business, partners or users, and comply with our contractual and legal obligations.To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, infringing or illegal activity, including click fraud.Service providers and vendorsOur affiliates Law enforcement or others involved with legal, security and safety matters, processes and requests Merchants and their partners you transact with on Roku Services Over the past 12 months, Roku has collected, processed, disclosed, shared for cross-context behavioral advertising, and sold each of the categories of Personal Information as described in the chart above. Roku does nothave actual knowledge that it sells Personal Information or shares for cross-context behavioral advertising the Personal Information of consumers under 16 years of age. Roku does not have actual knowledge that it collects or processes the Personal Information of consumers under 13 years of age. Roku does not collect genetic or biometric information, information on sex life or sexual orientation, or citizenship or citizenship status. 3. Retention Personal Information we collect may be retained for as long as needed to fulfill legitimate business purposes, including the purposes outlined in Section 2, “Categories of Personal Information We Collect, Process, and Disclose to Third Parties; and the Purposes of Processing” of this Supplemental U.S. State Law Privacy Notice, or for a time period specifically required or allowed by applicable regulations or laws 4. Your U.S. State Law Privacy Rights Some states provide consumers certain rights regarding their Personal Information. Depending on where you live and subject to certain exceptions, you may exercise the following rights: The right to know what Personal Information we have collected about you, including the categories of Personal Information, the categories of sources from which the Personal Information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing Personal Information, and the categories of third parties to whom we disclose Personal Information. The right to access the specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format. The right to correct inaccurate Personal Information that we maintain about you. The right to request deletion of the Personal Information that we have collected about you. The right to opt out of the processing of your Personal Information for targeted advertising, the sale of Personal Information, or the sharing of Personal Information for cross-context behavioral advertising. The right to limit our use or disclosure of your sensitive Personal Information, where permitted by law. The right to be free from discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your privacy rights.The right to appeal any decision with regard to your privacy request. The right to opt-out of profiling in furtherance of producing legal or significant decisions concerning a consumer. We do not engage in such profiling. You can submit a request to exercise the rights applicable to you through our online form . Such requests are subject to our ability to reasonably verify your identity, where Roku has the right or obligation to do so under applicable law. If you have a Roku account, we will verify your identity by asking you to log into your account.If you don’t have a Roku account, we will attempt to verify your identity by asking you to provide (through the online form or via privacy@roku.com ) data elements that we may have collected about you, such as your device type, device ID, and cookie ID. You can exercise your right to opt out of the processing of your Personal Information for targeted advertising, the “sale” of your Personal Information, or the “sharing” of your Personal Information for cross-context behavioral advertising, and limit our use of your sensitive Personal Information, where permitted by law, by visiting Roku’s Your Privacy Choices page . Where required by law, if you are visiting any Roku Site using a web browser with the Global Privacy Control ( “GPC” ) signal enabled, we will treat the GPC signal as a request to opt-out of cookie-based “sharing” for cross-context behavioral advertising and “selling,” and we will disable third-party advertising cookies on the Roku Site you are visiting using that browser. We process this signal on a browser-by-browser basis, so if you use more than one browser or more than one device, you will need to enable the GPC signal for each browser that you use, on each device. GPC does not affect other parts of the Roku Services. As described above, you can opt out of "sharing" for cross-context behavioral advertising and "sales" by Roku across the Roku services by visiting Roku’s Your Privacy Choices page . Where permitted by applicable law, you may authorize another person (your “ Authorized Agent ”) to submit a request on your behalf through the methods described above. Your Authorized Agent should submit proof that you gave the agent signed permission to submit the request. We may still require you to directly verify your identity and directly confirm that you have provided the Authorized Agent permission to submit the request. 5. California’s Shine-the-Light Law. California’s Shine the Light law permits California residents to request and receive, once per calendar year and free of charge, information about our sharing of your Personal Information (if any) with third parties for their own direct marketing use. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please email privacy@roku.com . In your request, please include your name and attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address. We may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity before responding to this request. Part VII. Modifications We may amend this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the amended version on the applicable Roku Site or by providing such notice about or obtaining consent to changes as may be required by applicable law. Stay updated on news and offers Site Map Privacy policy Terms of use Dispute Resolution Trademark guidelines Legal About Ads & Cookies My Privacy Choices CA Privacy Notice ROKU, STREAMBAR, ROKU TV, the Roku logo and the purple d-pad and purple fabric tag designs are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Roku, Inc. All other trademarks and logos herein are the property of their respective owners.