Privacy Policy I. What CloudBees does CloudBees (“CloudBees”, “We”, “Us”, “Our”) is a for-profit vendor of software solutions, primarily sold to organizations. We generate our revenue by charging for the functions and value of the solutions that we offer to our customers (“Customers”, “You”). CloudBees is not in the business of collecting or monetizing personal information for its own self, such as for use in advertising. II. How we use personal information We respectfully use appropriate personal information in order to market, sell, deliver, and support the solutions that we offer. We do not collect personal information that is not necessary for the marketing, selling, delivery, and support of our solutions, such as demographic, biometric, medical, social information. We do not sell or share with 3rd parties the information that we collect, except sharing of information with limited reputable partners involved in the direct selling of our solutions and for the specific purpose of selling our solutions, and with vendors who provide to us information management solutions used by us under our control. We use standard industry practices to maintain the confidentiality and security of the information we collect. The specific information that we collect and how we use it reflects the nature of your relationship with us. Customers If you are a prospective or current customer of CloudBees, we: Ask for your contact information in marketing and product registration forms in order to promote and provide our solutions to youCreate a contact record for you in our customer relationship management (CRM) and product systemsAsk for and store the explicit information about your product interests, such as through marketing formsObtain your business identity and profile from business directories (such as LinkedIn) for marketing purposes, even if you have not provided that information to us directly Send to you by email information about our solutionsContact you by phone for sales assistance and customer supportSet browser cookies on our web properties in order to recognize you as a repeat visitor and to provide you with access to our solutionsCapture your browsing history on our web properties to understand your interest in our solutionsCapture the history of the emails we send to you in order to better provide to you information about our solutions Capture email, chat, phone conversations between you and our sales and support representatives in order to understand your interest in our solutions and to better provide information about themCapture how you use the technical functions of our productsShare your information with limited reputable partners who sell our solutions on our behalf or provide to us information management solutions used under our controlRetain all collected information indefinitely unless there is a compelling reason to delete it III. CloudBees is a data Controller but not a data Processor according to GDPR CloudBees is not a Processor of personal information according to GDPR (European Union General Data Protection Regulation). Our systems, employees, and affiliates do not access personal information collected by our customers even when that information may be contained in customer applications managed using CloudBees solutions under the control of customers. CloudBees is a Controller of limited non-sensitive personal information according to GDPR, for the expressly legitimate purposes of direct marketing, selling, delivering, and supporting our solutions. IV. Your personal rights and abilities Not provide your personal information You do not have to provide to us your personal information if you do not intend to have a business relationship with us. If you are interested in obtaining resources on our website that are protected by a registration form, you can provide a business email address, an alternative personal email address (used only to communicate with businesses), a single-use (“burner”) email address, a fake email address. We encourage you to provide your real identity to us as a reputable business, so that we can offer to you our solutions. But you can still obtain our public resources if you prefer to remain anonymous to us. If you are interested in using our free solutions that require registration, you can provide a business email address or an alternative personal email address (used only to communicate with businesses).A valid email address is required in order to use our solutions. Know if and why we have a record for you You can request us to tell you if we have a record for you, for any of your identities (email addresses), and what information we have for you. You can request us to tell you why we have a record for you. Object to our capture of your personal information You can express your objections to any part of how we handle your information and expect an explanation of it from us. Correct or delete your personal information You can request us to correct your information (such your name, phone number, address). You can also request us to delete your information in our records that is not necessary for us to provide a service to you (such as your personal phone number) or to adhere with laws. Export your personal information You can request us to provide to you an export of the information we have for you, if it is technically feasible for us and if this information is essential for you. Prevent tracking of your website activities You can prevent our tracking of your web activities on our websites by disabling cookies, clearing cookies, and through other privacy controls built into web browsers. Opt out from our marketing and selling to you You can request that we do not contact you for the purpose of selling our solutions. V. Our business needs and obligations Adhere to laws We will follow all applicable national and local laws that may require us to collect and retain personal information. Fulfill our contracts If you interact with us as a representative of an organization, our obligations to the organization (such as a contract to deliver a solution) may override your individual preferences. For example, our contract with your organization may require that we retain full records of all conversations between us and the organization’s employees even if those conversations may contain information of personal nature. Capture and retain records of business contacts As a business, we have a need to capture and retain the basic identities (name, email address, employer) of all people who have interacted with us in business matters. Capture and retain records of business transactions As a business, we have a need to capture and retain to the fullest extent the contractual, financial, and service transaction records, such as order forms, billing records, product configuration changes, service requests and cases. Capture and retain records of business conversations As a business, we have a need to capture and retain the conversations (emails, chats, cases, comments) by all people who have interacted with us in business matters. Capture product use activities As a business, we have a need to capture how our products are used at a granular level, for the purpose of understanding their performance, value and how to improve them. Contact account contacts and product users with important or relevant information As a business, we have a need to provide product information to our users for multiple purposes, such as to ensure the correct use of our products or to promote new features and functionalities. VI. Our obligations to you and expectations of you You should expect that we: Are respectful of your desire to protect your privacyDo not collect the information that we do not need in order to offer our solutions to you, as could be reasonably expected (such as your social, biometric, and other non-business information)Are considerate in our communication with youCan provide to you an explanation for why we have collected or are using your informationKeep your information secure and confidentialDo not sell or trade your information On our part, we expect that you: Understand that we seek to sell our solutions to organizations and individuals who demonstrate interest in or a potential need of themUnderstand what we have regulatory and contractual obligations in our handling of personal information (such as to your employer if you are representing an organization)Protect your privacy as is possible through means under your own direct control, such as through browser privacy settings and not providing your personal information to us if it is not necessary VII. How to contact us regarding privacy matters If you are a customer of CloudBees - for a paid, free, or trial version of any of our products - you should contact the CloudBees Customer Support.If you are not a current customer of CloudBees, but have concerns about privacy in relation to CloudBees, you can contact us at privacy@cloudbees.com. We will respond either with the information and actions that you have requested, or with an explanation of why we cannot perform it as requested, or with questions to you to confirm or clarify your request. Product Capabilities Resources Why CloudBees By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest Switch Label label Switch Label label Switch Label label