RTL.de news that moves RTL+ series, reality, live sport, music and podcasts RTL.de news that moves RTL+ series, reality, live sport, music and podcasts Most wanted Criticism of cannabis legalization due to increasing burden and more control effort for the judiciary German Association of Judges shares fears Criticism of cannabis legalization: More control effort and increasing burden on the judiciary? 30 more videos Lightning strike in Baden-Württemberg Three people in mortal danger - including child He is said to have drowned his child Dead baby found in car - Father (37) arrested Father from USA led double life Locking up women for sex - Benecke: That's how the perpetrators tick Now it's time it's finally happening! Jana Wosnitza greets from the new NFL studio. Death drama on K2 Mountaineer says her team helped the injured Danger in England Cliff suddenly collapses - tourists run for their lives! Tourist shock in England girl is swept away by huge wave! Daughter wants to find the culprit Pensioner almost beaten to death - family is desperate Handcuffs instead of ring Application with graffiti: She says yes - he will be arrested! Barely escaped! Flaming hell in Hawaii: Father talks about her escape Snail tracks in the apartment Slimy visit! Anna Hofbauer makes a disgusting find Fire in Hawaii Flame inferno burns down Maui The grooms wanted to sleep with her! Too hot for her job: From the wedding planner to the cam girl Hup terror at the level crossing 2,600 villagers are at their wits end Brutal video from Munich Youth gang torments girls for hours Routine control escalates Teenagers beat police officers to the hospital Crashed in the village! Satellite debris shakes houses What happened to Harmony? Now the suspect's wife packs up from dispute ends in gasoline! Man wants to set neighbor's house on fire - and torches himself! Childbirth turns into a nightmare Was your baby decapitated during delivery? Austrian raises shock allegations Did climbers let a helper (27) die for a record? Blazing flames and dark clouds of smoke Situation in Hawaii increasingly dramatic Picnic ends in chaos Child still in the car: car falls down a waterfall in India! Literally under power Tesla driver runs over charging station - and doesn't notice it! Gruesome find in Homburg Police investigate after finding a body in the garden Flame inferno in Hawaii At least six dead in fires in holiday paradise After rescue alley chaos Now the bicycle emergency doctor speaks Authorities error makes everything much worse Stalker terrorizes Felicia (33) for years Fire tragedy in Alsace! Several dead after a fire in a vacation home Woman locked and tormented in the basement for years This is what it looked like in the horror dungeon It was discussed again and again - now the planned legalization of cannabis is apparently in sight! If the draft law by Federal Health Minister Karl Lauterbach (SPD) has its way, every adult will be allowed to own 25 grams of the intoxicant and grow a maximum of three plants for their own use. But the planned implementation has pitfalls, according to the German Judges' Association, among others. The video shows how the Hanfparade stands on the cannabis plans - and how judges stand on legalization. Vote: How do you feel about the legalization of cannabis? The results of this survey are not representative. Cannabis legalization: High control effort for the judiciary? According to the German Association of Judges (DRB), the draft law is not suitable for achieving the declared goals, said DRB federal manager Sven Rebehn on Saturday. The fear: The draft could burden the judiciary more than relieve it. "The very detailed law would lead to a high level of official control, numerous new disputes and many proceedings before the courts," says Rebehn. Also Read: Are Cannabis Users More Sensitive to Pain After Surgery? Study provides new insights Cannabis legalization: More control effort, black market is not curbed At the same time, it cannot be assumed that the traffic light plans will push back the black market, according to the DRB federal manager. And further: “The acquisition and possession of up to 25 grams of cannabis should remain unpunished in the future, regardless of the source. However, because there are a number of hurdles to growing your own or purchasing from growers’ associations, demand on the black market is likely to grow in the wake of the cannabis law.” Also read: Strict rules planned for cannabis clubs Karl Lauterbauch recently expected the federal cabinet in will deal with his ministry's cannabis liberalization bill next week. In an interview, the minister said there would be "small changes". He did not comment further.(Ibü with dpa) Families are suffering Government is red penciling Görlitzer Park in Berlin for Özdemir's daughter (17) No-Go Esken calls for women to work more Tractor just rolls over the car - 19-year-old dead, other woman is fighting for her Life Terrible scenes from northern Germany with video Man attacks woman (29) in her house and almost rapes her to death Hospital staff need psychological help after her treatment Zoo visit on velvet paws: where is the kitten hiding? House tiger wanted Product comparisons Offers Services RTLPartnerServiceWe are RTL © 2023 RTL interactive GmbH