You can make your settings for data processing in the Privacy Center. Data protection declaration Data protection declaration Data protection declaration RTL2 Fernsehen GmbH & Co. KG ("we", "us" or "our") is pleased that you are using our website www.rtl2spiele.de. This "Privacy Policy" explains what personal information we collect during your visit to our website, how and for what purpose we use it, and with whom we share it. We also explain your rights with regard to the processing of your personal data. You will find the legal basis for this in particular in the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and the Federal Data Protection Act (“BDSG”). Who is responsible for the use of your data? The body responsible for processing your personal data is: RTL 2 Fernsehen GmbH & Co. KG lil dagover ring 1 82031 Gruenwald. What data do we collect from you? Depending on how you use the website and what information you provide us with, we process the following data from you: Use of our website If you call up our website, in particular play the games provided on our website, we collect data that is used for the technical operation of the website and the services offered on it, such as your IP address, location data or device information such as operating system, screen resolution, Network operator, set settings & authorizations etc. Promotions and Sweepstakes If you take part in promotions or sweepstakes, we will request and process additional data such as your name, address, e-mail address and date of birth. Any further use of your data, for example for the purpose of publishing the winner on our website or for marketing activities such as sending information material, will only take place with your express consent. Miscellaneous If you contact us in any other way via the website, we also process the personal data that you make available to us or that are required to answer or process your request, such as your e-mail address or your phone number. For what purpose and on what legal basis do we process your data? We process your data on the basis of the following legal bases: Consent We process your data on the basis of your consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. a DSGVO) e.g. for the display of personalized advertising and the use of third-party technologies. Contract We process your data if this is necessary to execute a contract with you or to fulfill pre-contractual obligations (Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. b GDPR), e.g. to administer your participation in a sweepstakes and other similar promotions and when we allow you to share posts and interests, likes and thoughts on our website. Legal Obligation We process your data if we are legally obliged to do so (Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. c GDPR), for example for Fulfillment of legal (e.g. commercial and tax law) storage obligations or notification obligations (e.g. to law enforcement authorities) or to detect, prevent or combat legal violations, insofar as we are otherwise legally obliged to do so. Legitimate Interests We process your data on the basis of our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of our partners and other third parties (Art. 6 Para. 1 S. 1 lit. f GDPR). On the basis of this legal basis, we process your data, for example, in order to to provide, maintain and improve our website; to identify and eliminate faults, to prevent misuse and to improve the security of our information technology systems and our users; to adapt our content, search results and advertising to your needs as best as possible (see Section 7- 8); enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigating possible violations of the Terms of Service or applicable law (e.g., slander, fraud) and communicate with you. How long do we keep your data? We will not store your data longer than to fulfill the respective purpose for which it was collected, unless there is a legal obligation for longer storage (e.g. due to commercial or tax law; in the case of such archiving, the data will be used for other access blocked). We will then delete or destroy your data. The respective retention periods depend on the underlying purpose and the type of data.If you would like to find out more details about the storage period, you can contact the contact specified under Section 11 at any time. With whom do we share your data? We pass on data to third parties insofar as this is necessary to fulfill the contract, we or the third party have a legitimate interest in passing on the data or you have given your consent to this. In addition, we will only transfer data to third parties if we are obliged to do so by law or by enforceable official orders. We make your data available to third parties who process it on our behalf (see Sections 8 and 9). The processing then also takes place in accordance with our data protection declaration and appropriate confidentiality and security measures with which we ensure the protection of your data at all times. Cookies and Similar Technologies When you visit or open our website, we collect information about you by using cookies. Cookies are small text files that enable your browser to be recognized and that are sent to your computer or mobile device. We use cookies to be able to offer you a user-friendly and secure website and to adapt our services to your needs and interests. Types of cookies We use different types of cookies: Session cookies make it possible to save your activities on the website and serve to simplify the use of our website. These cookies are deleted after closing your browser or after closing the website. If you call up our website again, tracking cookies (also "permanent cookies") help, among other things, to recognize your browser and your user behavior (sometimes across several websites) and to adapt the offer accordingly. This enables, for example, the provision of trends or follower suggestions tailored to you or that you remain logged in to the website without having to log in again. Tracking cookies are deleted after 26 months at the latest. In principle, you can also use our offers without cookies. Browsers can be set so that cookies are generally rejected or cookies that have been set are deleted. If you do not use cookies, however, this could mean that you can no longer use the functions of our website to their full extent. In addition, you can object to the use of cookies in our Privacy Center or revoke your consent to the use of cookies. Your rights under section 11 remain unaffected. You can also find more information about the cookies we use in the Privacy Center. Cookie Consent Management We may set cookies that are technically required to provide the service you have requested without your consent. Insofar as we process data from you, the legal basis for this is our legitimate interest in being able to offer you the requested service correctly and functionally. The use of cookies, which are not technically necessary to provide the service you have requested, is based on your consent. In order to be able to obtain and store your data protection consent, we use the cookie consent management platform from Sourcepoint Technologies, Inc., 228 Park Avenue South, #87903, New York, NY 10003-1502, United States ("Sourcepoint"). This sets a technically required cookie in order to query the consent status and thus be able to play out the corresponding content. A usage analysis in order to be able to measure how the obtaining of consent works is carried out on the basis of our legitimate interest. The cookie will be stored until you withdraw your consent, but will be deleted after 13 months at the latest. Since a transfer to a third country takes place, we have concluded EU standard contractual clauses with Sourcepoint to ensure that the processing of personal data is compatible with data protection laws, in particular the GDPR. Sourcepoint's privacy policy can be found here. Third Party Technologies We use third-party technologies, including cookies, to continuously improve and customize our website for you, in particular to provide you with relevant content and advertising. The technologies, including cookies, are used for the purposes listed below. In our Privacy Center we have listed the third-party providers whose technologies, including cookies, we use for the respective purposes. There you can also object to the use of the respective technologies or revoke the consent you have given. Your rights under section 10 remain unaffected.You can also find more detailed information on processing by the third-party providers in the data protection declarations of the third-party providers linked there. Personalized ads and content, ad and content measurement, audience insights and product development The processing mentioned in this Section 7.1 using third-party technologies usually only takes place if you have given your consent. In some cases, however, processing using third-party technologies is also carried out without your consent on the basis of our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of our partners. Legitimate interests are the advertising financing of our website, the provision of content and advertisements that are as suitable as possible for you, range measurement and statistical analyses, optimization of our website as well as recognition and attribute assignment of users, e.g. in the case of advertising-financed offers. You can find out which legal basis is relevant for which third-party technology and the respective processing purpose in the list in our Privacy Center. You also have the option at any time to revoke any consent you have given and to object to processing based on legitimate interests in the settings in the Privacy Center. Personalized content We use third-party technologies to make our offer more interesting for you, process information about your usage behavior or other historical usage data, including previous activities, interests, visits to websites or use of applications, location or demographics Information in order to be able to show you selected content based on this information. You can find the list of third-party providers used for this, information on the legal basis and the option to revoke consent you have given or to object to processing based on legitimate interests in our Privacy Center. Personalized Ads We use third-party technologies to show you interesting ads based on your user profile or other historical usage data, including your previous activity, interests, visits to websites or applications, location or demographic information. You can find the list of third-party providers used for this, information on the legal basis and the option to revoke consent you have given or to object to processing based on legitimate interests in our Privacy Center. Selection of simple ads We use third-party technologies for the purpose of optimizing the selection and display of the ads displayed to refinance our offer, controlling the frequency and order of the ads being displayed and to prevent an ad from being displayed in an unsuitable editorial environment, we process information about the context in which the ad is displayed, including information about the content environment and your device used, such as device type and functions, browser ID, URL, IP address and your approximate location data. Third parties may not use this information to create a personalized ads profile for future ad selection without having their own legal basis for creating a personalized ads profile. You can find the list of third-party providers used for this, information on the legal basis and the option to revoke consent you have given or to object to processing based on legitimate interests in our Privacy Center. Creation of a personalized ad profile We use third-party technologies for the purpose of aligning the ads played to refinance our offer with your interests based on your usage behavior. For this purpose, a profile of your usage is created with information about your activities, interests, visits to websites or use of applications, demographic information or location and, if necessary, combined with other information previously collected, including website and website, to create a Create or edit user profile for use of personalized advertising. You can find the list of third-party providers used for this, information on the legal basis and the possibility of revoking your consent in our Privacy Center.Creation of a personalized content profile We use third-party technologies for the purpose of aligning the selection of content in our offer with your usage behavior and your presumed interests. For this purpose, a profile of your usage is created with information on activities, interests and visits to websites or use of applications, demographic information or location. You can find the list of third-party providers used for this, information on the legal basis and the option to revoke consent you have given or to object to processing based on legitimate interests in our Privacy Center. Measuring ad performance We use third-party technologies to measure ad performance. These technologies measure, among other things, whether and how ads were displayed to users and how they interacted with them and whether an ad is displayed in an unsuitable editorial environment (brand-unsafe). They also determine what percentage of the ad could have been seen, including how long it lasted. They also create reports about ads, including their effectiveness and performance, based on how users interact with ads, based on data measured over the course of your interaction with that ad. You can find the list of third-party providers used for this, information on the legal basis and the option to revoke consent you have given or to object to processing based on legitimate interests in our Privacy Center. Measuring Content Performance We use third-party technologies to measure the performance of content on our site. This measures and reports how content was delivered to users and how they interacted with it. They also provide reports on directly measurable or already known information from users who have interacted with the content. However, third parties may not use audience data collected through survey panels or similar methods with content measurement data without having a proper legal basis for using market research to generate audience insights. You can find the list of third-party providers used for this, information on the legal basis and the option to revoke consent you have given or to object to processing based on legitimate interests in our Privacy Center. Using market research to gain insights about target audiences We use third-party technologies to gain insights into audiences of advertising and content. Aggregated reports are created for advertisers or their representatives about the target groups that are reached by their ads and which were obtained on the basis of survey panels or similar processes. In addition, aggregated reports are created for service providers about the target groups that have been reached by or have interacted with the content and/or advertisements on their services and which have been determined via survey panels or similar methods. The reports do not allow any conclusions to be drawn about a specific or identifiable person. However, information about your usage behavior is processed to create these reports. In addition, offline data is assigned to an online user for market research purposes in order to gain insights into target groups, insofar as providers have declared that they will compare and merge offline data sources. You can find the list of third-party providers used for this, information on the legal basis and the option to revoke consent you have given or to object to processing based on legitimate interests in our Privacy Center. Product Development and Improvement We use third-party technologies for the purpose of developing and improving products, to improve existing products with new functions and to develop new products and to create new calculation models and algorithms using machine learning. For this purpose, information about your usage behavior is processed. You can find the list of third-party providers used for this, information on the legal basis and the option to revoke consent you have given or to object to processing based on legitimate interests in our Privacy Center. Functional Uses We also process your data in order to be able to display our website and the services offered via it correctly and securely.In our Privacy Center we have listed the third-party providers whose technologies we use for this purpose. You can also find more detailed information on their processing in the data protection declarations of the third-party providers linked there. Data processing by game operators We make various games available to you on our website. These are browser games (link via a tracking link from the game operator from our website to the game operator's game page), mobile games (link via a tracking link from the game operator to the Google Play or Apple App Store) and HTML5 games (direct integration of the game on the RTL2Spiele.de website). We are not the operator of the games integrated on www.rtl2spiele.de and are not responsible for the content and the corresponding data processing. Detailed information about the processing of your data by the game operator, possible objection options and the assertion of your rights as a data subject can be found in the data protection declaration of the respective game operator. As far as the processing of your data by the game operators is concerned, you can most effectively assert your rights as a data subject directly with them, since only they have access to your data and can take appropriate measures or provide information. You can find more information about the operators of the games and their data protection regulations on the following pages: Azerion: https://www.azerion.com/corporate-privacy-policy/ (HTML5 games); Bigpoint: https://legal.bigpoint.com/DE/privacy-policy/de (browser games) Coolgames: http: //www.coolgames.com/de/static/privacy-policy (HTML5 game) Goodgame Studios: https://www.goodgamestudios.com/de/datenschutz/ (browser and mobile games) Innogames: https://legal .innogames.com/portal/de/privacy (browser and mobile games)Travian Games: https://www.traviangames.com/de/datenschutz/ (browser and mobile games)Upjers: https://de.upjers.com /privacy (browser and mobile games)Whow: https://www.whow.net/de/privacy (browser and mobile games) In addition, the game operators provide you with specific data protection regulations for individual browser games on the respective game page, to which You will be redirected when you click that you want to play the respective game. Where is your data processed? Your data will be processed both inside and outside the European Union (“EU”) and the European Economic Area (“EEA”). If we transfer your data to a country outside the EEA, we will take appropriate measures (e.g. conclusion of EU standard contractual clauses) to ensure an appropriate level of data protection. You can obtain further information on this from our data protection officer on request. If the game operators process your data outside the European Union or the European Economic Area (see their respective data protection regulations, which are linked in Section 9), this can make it more difficult to enforce your rights and entail further risks, because in the lower data protection standards may apply in the respective third country than in the European Union. However, we have no influence on data processing by the game operators. What rights do you have? As a data subject, you have the right - if the legal requirements are met - to receive information about the data processing and a copy of the processed data (right to information), to request the correction of incorrect data or the completion of incomplete data (right to correction), immediate deletion to request personal data (right to erasure), to request the restriction of data processing (right to restriction of processing), to request the restriction of data processing (right to ="" processing),<="" li=""> and to receive the personal data concerning you that you have provided to a person responsible in a structured, common and machine-readable format, and also to transmit this data to another person responsible without hindrance by the person responsible (right to data portability). You can request an export of your user data at any time in the profile of your RTLZWEI account or here. If we process your data to protect our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party, you are entitled to object to this processing if your particular situation gives rise to reasons that oppose this data processing.In this case, we will stop processing unless we can prove that there are compelling legitimate reasons for processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or that the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims. Please note that legal exceptions (e.g. ongoing storage obligations) may prevent you from exercising your rights. As a data subject, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority. Irrespective of the aforementioned rights, you have the option at any time to determine how your data is processed in the settings in the Privacy Center. Contact, assertion of your rights If you have any concerns or questions about the processing of your data, you can contact the company data protection officer using the contact details below: How often do we update this privacy policy? This data protection declaration can be changed from time to time, e.g. to adapt it to new data protection regulations. We will post any changes to the privacy policy on this page. If the changes are significant, we will notify you separately (e.g. by e-mail) if necessary. Status: August 2022 RTL TWO games RTL ZWEI.de 3-in-a-row Arcade Setup Powered by RTL ZWEI Register Your favorites Rate games