Website Privacy Policy This Policy explains who Magnite, Inc. and its affiliates (“Magnite” or “we”) are, how we collect, share, and use personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. This Policy only applies to personal information that we collect through our websites (such as http://www.magnite.com ) (the “websites”) and in the course of our sales and marketing activities. NOTE: For personal information that we collect when you use or otherwise interact with digital media properties that use our ad technology, please see our Advertising Technology Privacy Policy here . ABOUT US Magnite is headquartered in the United States and provides a digital advertising technology platform and related services. You can find out more about our technology and services here and in our Advertising Technology Privacy Policies here . INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE COLLECT IT Information you provide to us Certain parts of our websites may ask you to provide us with personal information about you voluntarily. For example, we may ask you to provide your contact details when you: register an account with us, subscribe to our marketing communications, submit enquiries to us, request market reports, request access to a demo, or apply for a job. The personal information we collect may include contact information such as your name, address, telephone number or email address and contact preferences. It may also include professional information, such as your job title, department or job role, as well as the nature of your request or communication. If you apply for a job, we will collect your resume and information related to your employment and education history. In addition, if you choose to correspond with us through email or blog postings, we may collect and retain other information you voluntarily provide to us, such as the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. Information we collect from visiting our Online Properties When using or interacting with our websites and/or marketing emails (collectively with our websites, the “Online Properties”), we may collect certain information. Some of this information may include identifiers, for example your IP addresses and certain unique device identifiers that may identify a particular device, meaning that it may therefore be considered “personal data” or “personal information” under applicable laws in some jurisdictions. Some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading Cookies and Similar Tracking Technology below . Specifically, the information we collect may include identifiers like your IP address, device ID and cookie ID, as well as internet or other electronic network activity information, including device type, domain, referring website address, browser type and language and other technical information. We may also collect other types of internet or other electronic network activity information about how your device has interacted with our Online Properties, including the pages accessed, search keywords within the website, and links clicked. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION We use the information that we collect for a variety of business and commercial purposes, including: To respond to your requests or to provide you with information requested by you;To send administrative or account related information to you;To communicate with you about updates to our products and services;To maintain our websites and to tailor our websites to your needs;To allow you to participate in sweepstakes, contests or other promotions;For other business purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our marketing, and to enhance, customize and improve our websites, products and services through surveys, research and other methodologies; If you apply for a job, to determine your eligibility for a position with us;To comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, agreements and policies;To prevent, detect, identify, investigate, respond and protect against potential or actual claims, liabilities, prohibited behavior, and criminal activity; andTo notify you about important changes to our website, new services and special opportunities, such as events, we think you will find valuable where this is in accordance with your expressed marketing preferences. You may notify us at any time if you do not wish to receive these offers by following the directions under “ Your Privacy Rights and Choices ” below or by emailing us at privacy@magnite.com .DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION We may disclose your personal information to the following categories of third parties for the following business or commercial purposes: Magnite Affiliates : We share personal information with other companies in the Magnite group of companies to use for any of the purposes described in this Policy. Business Transfers : We may share personal information in connection with an actual or proposed sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets, corporate merger, consolidation, or bankruptcy. Vital interest, legal rights and compliance with laws . We may share personal information with law enforcement, regulatory authorities, courts with competent jurisdictions, emergency services or other necessary third parties for legal, protection, security, and safety purposes, including: to comply with laws or regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests and legal process;to protect the rights and property of Magnite, our affiliates, agents, customers, and others, including enforcing our agreements, policies, and terms of use and protecting our network and physical assets; and/orto protect the safety of our employees and agents, our customers, or any person. Vendors, partners and other service providers : We may share personal information with our vendors, and service providers who perform functions on our behalf and require access to such information to provide us with services or do work for us. Examples include: supporting the delivery of, providing functionality on, or helping to enhance the security of our websites, administering surveys and research, and with event organizers to confirm registration, or in accordance with your indicated preferences, where applicable. COOKIES AND SIMILAR TRACKING TECHNOLOGY To find out more about our use of cookies and other tracking technologies to collect information about you, as well as how to manage your preferences, please see our Website Cookie Statement . Your Privacy Rights and Choices Access, Correction, Deletion and Opt Out Depending on where you reside and other legal limitations, you may have the right to (1) request to know more about and access the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, and disclose, (2) request deletion or restriction of your personal information, (3) request correction of inaccurate personal information, (4)opt out of certain processing activities, such as selling, sharing, or targeted advertising, and (5) obtain your User Information in a portable format. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please see our email us at privacy@magnite.com . You may also opt out of receiving marketing communications from Magnite by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send to you or by clicking https://www.magnite.com/unsubscribe/ We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights. Note that when you exercise your rights, we may ask for additional information to verify your request. If we deny your request, you may have the right to appeal our decision. If you have concerns about the results of an appeal, you may contact the attorney general in the state where you reside, or supervisory authority in your local jurisdiction. SPECIAL INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS If you are a resident of California, please review the additional privacy disclosures in this section, which apply where we collect and disclose information as a “business” under California law. Information About Our Data Processing California law requires us to disclose the categories of personal information we collect and how we use them, the categories of sources from which we collect personal information, and the third parties with whom we share personal information. We collect information from sources identified in the “ Information We Collect and How We Collect It ” sections above.In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information to the following categories of recipients for the stated purposes: Name, email address and other contact details Other companies in the Magnite group of companies, fraud prevention partners, cloud-based service providers, event organizers, fulfillment service providers •To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.•To enable services for events admissions, promotions, and other sweepstakes and activities; •To process job applicant submissions•To respond to your requests or to provide you with information requested by you;•To communicate with you about updates to our products and services; changes to our Site;•For other business purposes, such as surveys and, research;•To comply with applicable legal requirements, Pseudonymous identifiers Other companies in the Magnite group of companies, data analysis partners, fraud prevention partners, cloud-based service providers •To compile statistics for our internal business purposes about your use of our Site and to better tailor content to you;•To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity;•For other business purposes, such as determining the effectiveness of our marketing, and to enhance, customize and improve our websites, products and services through surveys, research; Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information & Limit Use of Sensitive Information Magnite’s does not “sell” or “share” personal information related to visitors to our website or other business contact information as those terms are defined under California law. Your Rights Under California law, you have the right to access, correct, and request deletion of your data. To exercise these rights, please email privacy@magnite.com . SPECIAL INFORMATION FOR EEA, UK, AND SWITZERLAND RESIDENTS If you are a visitor from the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, please read these additional disclosures. Legal Basis for Processing If you are a visitor from the EEA or the UK, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect personal information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, for our marketing activities, for measuring the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you. Similarly, if we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), such legitimate interests include: (i) improving our technology, websites, products and services; and (ii) if you apply for a job, identifying and recruiting eligible candidates. If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “Contact Us” heading below. Your Rights & Privacy Choices If you are a resident of a country in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, you have certain rights and protections under the law regarding the collection, processing, and use of information about you. Specifically, you may have the right: (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please write to us at the contact details provided below. You may also opt out of receiving marketing communications from Magnite by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send to you or by clicking https://www.magnite.com/unsubscribe/ . Right to Lodge a Complaint You also have the right to lodge a complaint about our processing of personal data with your local data protection authority. Contact details for EU data protection authorities are available here: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en . The Swiss data protection authority can be contacted at https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact/address.html .The UK data protection authority can be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/ . We respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or making corrections to your personal information. Data Transfers Magnite is a global company headquartered in the United States, with offices and data centers around the world (including in Australia, Brazil, Canada, the European Union, Japan, Singapore and the United Kingdom). If you access any of our Online Properties, your data may be transferred to, stored and processed by us in any of these countries, and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information (as described in this Policy) in the countries in which they operate. These countries may not provide a level of data protection for your personal information that is equivalent to the data protection laws in your country. We will however implement appropriate safeguards where Magnite group of companies, or any third parties with whom we share data, receive personal information originating from the EEA, Switzerland or the UK in accordance with applicable data protection legislation. If you would like to learn more about the safeguards we put in place for international transfers, please contact us using the contact details further below. Privacy Shield Magnite, Inc. and its US subsidiary, Magnite Hopper, Inc., commit to comply with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Frameworks as set forth by the US Department of Commerce with respect to personal information concerning individuals from the EEA, UK and Switzerland. Please see our Privacy Shield Notice to learn more. We no longer rely on the Privacy Shield frameworks as our lawful mechanism to transfer data that originated in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland to the United States. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. SECURITY We use industry-standard technical and organizational security measures to help protect information transmitted over or stored on our systems. Please note, however, that no transmission or storage of information can ever be guaranteed to be completely secure, though we take all reasonable precautions to protect against security incidents. INFORMATION RETENTION We retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements). CHANGES We may update this Policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. If we make material changes to this Policy, we will notify you of any material changes by posting the revised Policy on this website, and where necessary, by any other means required by applicable law. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or applications (including widgets) linked to or from our website nor the information or content contained therein. Often links to other websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our website. Please remember that your browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link on our website, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies. CONTACT US For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact Magnite’s Privacy Team by email at privacy@magnite.com or by post using the details provided below: Magnite, Inc.Attn: Privacy Team1250 Broadway, 15 th Floor, NY, NY 10001 You can also contact Magnite’s Data Protection Officer at dpo@magnite.com If you are based in the EU you can contact our EU Representative: Magnite@lionheartsquared.eu Lionheart Squared (Europe) Ltd (FAO – Magnite),2 Pembroke House, Upper Pembroke Street 28-32,Dublin, DO2 EK84, Republic of Ireland. Legal Copyright 2023 Magnite, Inc. All rights reserved Your Privacy Choices Privacy Policies Login Resources Company Follow Us Our Offices BelfastBerlinBostonBozemanDenverLondonLos AngelesMelbourneMilanNew JerseyNew YorkNew ZealandParisSan FranciscoSão PauloSeattleSingaporeSwedenSydneyTokyoToronto Copyright 2023 Magnite, Inc. All rights reserved This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some are essential to make our site work; others help us improve the site. By continuing to use this site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Read our website privacy policy and cookie statement to learn more.Advertising Platform Privacy Policy This policy explains how Magnite, Inc. (“Magnite,” we” or “us”) collects, uses and discloses information about you when you interact with Digital Media Properties (defined below) that use our advertising technology platforms and related services to deliver you ads (collectively, the “ Services”) . Please note:This privacy policy does not govern (i) the collection and use of information about visitors to our website, https://www.magnite.com/ , (ii) information collected in the course of our sales and marketing activities – that information can be found here (iii) The activities of our affiliate SpringServe Inc. — that information can be found here (iv) the collection, use and disclosure of information by our clients through their Digital Media Properties, which is governed by their own privacy policies and practices; or (iv) any activities where we act as a service provider to our clients rather than a data controller. About Us Magnite provides Services that connect buyers of advertising inventory (advertisers) with sellers of advertising inventory (publishers) (in other words, the opportunity to display a buyer’s advertisement on a seller’s Digital Media Property). In this policy, we refer to our buyers and sellers collectively as “ clients ”. For example, advertisers use our technology to buy inventory to display advertising across publishers’ websites and applications on Internet-connected devices and platforms, including mobile devices, computers and internet-connected TVs (which we collectively refer to as “ Digital Media Properties ”). When an advertiser serves an advertisement on a publisher’s Digital Media Property, the advertisement will be displayed to you in connection with the content that you view. For example, if you visit a video-streaming Digital Media Property and click on a video that you want to stream, then an advertisement may appear before the video is shown because the advertiser successfully purchased the opportunity to display an advertisement before that video. Information We Collect When you visit a Digital Media Property that uses our Services, we collect certain information about you and your device (collectively, “ User Information ”). User Information does not include information that directly identifies an individual, such as name, address, phone number, or email address. However that information may be considered “personal data” or “personal information” under applicable privacy or data protection laws. In particular, we collect identifiers such as your IP addresses, cookie identifiers, and device identifiers, and may also assign identifiers to your device based upon these identifiers and other device-related information we collect as described below. These identifiers help us to recognize a particular browser, computer, mobile device, Internet-connected television or other device without knowing the identity of the user of that device. We also collect information about the web page URL or app in which you are viewing content and other data that the Client makes available to us, which helps us, our clients, and our partners (such as third party advertising platforms) select appropriate advertisements to display to you. When you visit Digital Media Properties that use our technology, we collect the following information about you: Usage Information: including information about the domain, topic or name of the property, the date/time of visits, the search terms you enter, visitor activities and actions, viewability data, the video title, video player size, description or category being displayed, click data, types of advertisements viewed Log Information: including information about the type of browser you use, app version, access times, pages viewed, and the page you visited before navigating to the Digital Media Properties Device Information : including information about the computer or mobile device you use, including, device make, device model, device operating system, device operating system version, and data connection type; Location Information: We may derive the approximate location of your device from your IP address (geographic region or state). In accordance with your device permissions, we may also receive information about the precise location of your device but only if our clients pass it to us. Precise location may be deemed as sensitive personal information in some jurisdictions.Please see Additional Information for California Residents below to learn more about how we process sensitive personal information should it be passed to us; Internet service information : including information about which Internet Service Provider (ISP) you use; Deidentified information : We may process certain other deidentified data that enables us to serve you with advertisements, such as encrypted or hashed forms of your email address if our clients pass these to us; Derived information : We may also receive information from third parties at the instruction or for the benefit of our clients that provide user demographics and information with respect to a user’s preferences, patterns, click and video interactions, behaviors or interests, as well as advertisers and advertising platforms that provide information to us in order to match an ad opportunity offered by our clients with the right advertisement. Magnite and our clients may collect and store inferences about user activity using our Services. How We Collect User Information We (and our service providers) use different technologies (collectively “Tracking Technologies”) to collect information, including cookies and other similar technologies to collect information automatically from your device when you visit with a Digital Media Property that uses our technology. Tracking Technologies help to match client’s advertising opportunities with the right advertisements. To do so, we may perform cookie syncing between publisher client cookies, Magnite cookies, third party data provider cookies and/or advertiser client cookies. This cookie synching process allows the parties to map their respective cookie information (for example, if publisher A sets a cookie on a user’s device with an ID 12345 and advertiser B sets a cookie on the same user’s device with an ID 67890, cookie synching would enable publisher A and advertiser B to recognize that ID 12345 and ID 67890 relate to the same user’s device). In the case of advertisers, the cookie sync may influence its decision to bid on advertising opportunities, because it may recognize that the cookie ID sent to it as an opportunity to bid on relates to a user they already know (perhaps because they already targeted advertising to the user when they previously visited a Digital Media Properties in the past). We also use Tracking Technologies for frequency capping, i.e., to ensure that the same user is not served the same advertisement repeatedly, to assist with the delivery of ads, provide reporting to our Clients, and to understand and measure the user’s interactions with ads and their effectiveness. Please review our Platform Cookie Statement for more information. Services provided by others: We also work with third-party for analytics and advertising services that separately collect and use User Information to enable our Clients and their customers to deliver targeted advertisements using our advertising technology. As an example, we work with third-party advertising companies that use information about your visits to various websites or applications across multiple devices in order to provide you with content and ads of interest across devices that they think are associated with you or your household, including web browsers, mobile apps, and internet-connected televisions. We, and our advertiser clients may use this third-party data in combination with the User Information we collect to deliver you targeted ads across multiple devices or our publisher clients may use this third-party data in combination with the User Information we collect to offer groupings of audiences, commonly known as audience segments, on the Digital Media Properties as advertising opportunities. Use of User Information We and our clients use User Information in order to inform their decisions regarding buying and selling advertising space on Digital Media Properties. In particular, we and our clients use information we collect, in conjunction with other information they have independently collected or received from third-party advertising platforms, to deliver end users targeted advertising that our clients believe will be of particular interest to those users. This processing may constitute “targeted advertising” under some laws and the “sale” or “sharing” of personal information under other laws. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work .We also use the User Information we collect for the following purposes: To enable our clients to offer and buy advertising opportunities on Digital Media Properties;To operate and improve our technology;To compile statistics and conduct research and development for our internal business purposes;To prepare reports of visitor activity;To enable standard advertising controls;To analyze and report on ad performance (such as tracking views of ad, ad fill rates, as well as click-through rates on ads), campaign reporting, and campaign forecasting; To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.To deliver end users targeted advertising;To create profiles of end users for targeted advertising;To create audience segments as advertising opportunities Disclosure of User Information We disclose User Information that we collect as follows: Clients : We disclose User Information with our advertiser clients to help them identify and buy advertising on publishers’ Digital Media Properties. Advertisers may use this information in conjunction with other information they have independently collected to provide you targeted advertising and to help them evaluate whether a particular ad campaign may be of interest to you. Magnite Affiliates: We disclose User Information with other companies in the Magnite group of companies to use for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Business Transfers : We may disclose User Information in connection with an actual or proposed sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets, corporate merger, consolidation, or bankruptcy. Vital interest, legal rights and compliance with laws . We may disclose User Information with law enforcement, regulatory authorities, courts with competent jurisdictions, emergency services or other necessary third parties for legal, protection, security, and safety purposes, including: to comply with laws or regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests and legal process;to protect the rights and property of Magnite, our affiliates, agents, customers, and others, including enforcing our agreements, policies, and terms of use and protecting our network and physical assets; and/orto protect the safety of our employees and agents, our customers, or any person. Vendors, and other service providers : We may disclose User Information with our vendors, and service providers who perform functions on our or our clients’ behalf and require access to such information to provide us with services or do work for us. Examples include: analyzing data, reporting, fraud prevention, hosting or providing data, auditing, engaging technical support for our technology platform, and performing analysis related to our technology platform and related services. Partners : We may disclose User Information with partners, including third party advertising platforms. These partners use the information we provide to provide services to us and our clients, and may use the data for their own purposes. Information Our Clients and Vendors Collect Our clients, our vendors, and our clients’ vendors who use our technology may use their own tags, pixels, cookies, or other similar technology (or those of their other affiliates) within advertisements and on certain Digital Media Properties. We are not responsible for our clients’, vendors’ and/or our clients’ vendors’ use of such tracking technologies or for their privacy practices. Platform Cookie Statement To learn more about how we use Cookies and similar technologies please visit our Platform Cookie Statement here . Your Privacy Rights and Choices Opt-Out Depending upon where you live, certain activities described in the “ Use of User Information ” and “ Disclosure of User Information ” sections above may constitute “sharing” “selling” or processing of User Information for purposes of “targeted advertising” as such terms are defined under certain privacy laws. You may opt out of these activities, as well as certain processing of sensitive personal information we may undertake by following the instructions in our User Choice Portal . Access, Correction, Deletion In addition, depending on where you reside and other legal limitations, you may have the right to (1) request to know more about and access the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, and disclose, (2) request deletion or restriction of your personal information, (3) request correction of inaccurate personal information, (4) obtain your User Information in a portable format. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please see our User Choice Portal for instructions on how to do so. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights. Note that when you exercise your rights, we may ask for additional information to verify your request. If we deny your request, you may have the right to appeal our decision.If you have concerns about the results of an appeal, you may contact the attorney general in the state where you reside. Information Retention We store the User Information we collect for as long as is necessary for the purpose(s) for which we originally collected it, or for other legitimate business purposes, including to meet our legal, regulatory, or other compliance obligations. We typically store the User Information we collect from your device, such as IP address and other information described above, in our systems for up to 90 days before we anonymize and aggregate that data into summary reports. Security We use industry-standard technical and organizational security measures to help protect information transmitted over or stored on our systems. Please note, however, that no transmission or storage of information can ever be guaranteed to be completely secure, though we do take all reasonable precautions to protect against security incidents. Additional Information for California Residents If you are a resident of California, please review the additional privacy disclosures in this section, which apply where we collect and disclose information as a “business” under California law. These disclosures do not apply to the extent we act as a service provider to our clients. In such cases, you must visit the privacy policies of our clients to understand how data is processed about you and to exercise your rights. Information About Our Data Processing California law requires us to disclose the categories of personal information we collect and how we use them, the categories of sources from which we collect personal information, and the third parties to which we disclose personal information. We collect personal information from the sources described in the “ Information we Collect ” section above. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information to the following categories of recipients for the stated purposes: Pseudonymous Identifiers Seller and Advertiser clients, other companies in the Magnite Inc group of companies, data analysis partners, fraud prevention partners, cloud-based service providers • To enable our clients to offer and buy, and to display advertising opportunities on Digital Media Properties;• To operate and improve our technology; To compile statistics and conduct research and development for our internal business purposes•To enable standard advertising controls;• To analyze and report on ad performance (such as tracking views of ad, ad fill rates, as well as click-through rates on ads), campaign reporting, and campaign forecasting;• To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.• To deliver end users targeted advertising; • To create profiles & audience segments of end users for advertising Log and Usage information Seller and Advertiser clients, other companies in the Magnite group of companies, data analysis partners, fraud prevention partners, cloud-based service providers • To enable our clients to offer and buy, and to display advertising opportunities on Digital Media Properties;• To operate and improve our technology; To compile statistics and conduct research and development for our internal business purposes•To enable standard advertising controls;• To analyze and report on ad performance (such as tracking views of ad, ad fill rates, as well as click-through rates on ads), campaign reporting, and campaign forecasting;• To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.• To deliver end users targeted advertising; • To create profiles & audience segments of end users for advertising Geolocation data Advertiser clients, other companies in the Magnite group of companies, data analysis partners, fraud prevention partners, internet service providers, cloud-based service providers • To enable our clients to offer and buy, and to display advertising opportunities on Digital Media Properties;• To operate and improve our technology; To compile statistics and conduct research and development for our internal business purposes•To enable standard advertising controls;• To analyze and report on ad performance (such as tracking views of ad, ad fill rates, as well as click-through rates on ads), campaign reporting, and campaign forecasting;• To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.User behavior data, derived information Clients, other companies in the Magnite group of companies, data analysis partners, fraud prevention partners, cloud-based service providers • To enable our clients to offer and buy, and to display advertising opportunities on Digital Media Properties;• To operate and improve our technology; To compile statistics and conduct research and development for our internal business purposes• To analyze and report on ad performance (such as tracking views of ad, ad fill rates, as well as click-through rates on ads), campaign reporting, and campaign forecasting;• To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.• To deliver end users targeted advertising; • To create profiles & audience segments of end users for advertising Precise Location Information Precise location information is only processed by Magnite should our clients provide it to us, and if the end user’s device settings permit. Should Magnite get passed this information, it is made available to Advertiser Clients. To enable Advertisers to deliver end users targeted advertising; Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information & Limit Use of Sensitive Information Magnite’s disclosure of User Information, may sometimes constitute a “sale” or “sharing” under California law or the use of sensitive information for purposes that require offering consumers the ability to limit our use of such information, and our clients may use our technology for these purposes as well. You may opt out of the “sale”, and “sharing”, of your personal information as well as the use of sensitive information for advertising purposes by following the instructions in our User Choice Portal . Note that because these opt outs are specific to the device or browser on which they are exercised, you will need to opt out on each browser and device. Your Rights Under California law, you have the right to access, correct, and request deletion of your data. To exercise these rights, please see the Your Privacy Rights & Choices section above. Annual Request Statistics During the period January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, we received the following number of requests from individuals: Requests to know from individuals in the United States: 20 requests. We processed the requests within a medium timeframe of 5 days; however, these requests were denied because we were unable to verify the identity of the individual making the request. Requests to delete from individuals globally: 16 requests, and we processed these requests within a medium timeframe of 5 days; however, these requests were denied as we did not have any information relating to the individual’s information making the request. Requests to opt out from individuals, globally: we do honor users’ requests to opt out of interest-based advertising and any potential sales of personal information, as explained in this Policy. We received 3,696,809 requests to opt out, and these requests were completed in approximately real time. Additional Information for EEA, UK, and Switzerland End Users If you are an end user located in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, please read these additional disclosures below. Your Rights You have the right to access, correct, and request deletion of your personal data and to object to certain processing, including profiling. You also have the right to receive personal data concerning yourself in a machine readable format. If you would like to exercise your rights, please see our User Choice Portal here . Legal Basis for Processing Our legal basis for collecting and using the User Information described above will depend on the User Information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. In all situations where you have been specifically asked by our partners or by us for your consent prior to processing, we may rely on that consent until you withdraw it. If we rely on consent to collect and/or process your User Information, we will obtain such consent in accordance with applicable law. In some cases, we need to process your User Information because we have a legal obligation to do so. You can withdraw your consent and opt-out from the use of your data for advertising purposes, and opt out of the further processing of your data in our User Choice Portal . In some cases we may need to process your User Information because we are required to do so by law. In all other cases we may rely on our legitimate interests to collect User Information from you, except where such interests are overridden by your data-protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your User Information, they include the interests described in the section headed “ How We Use User Information .” To note, Magnite participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its specifications and policies.Magnite’s identification number(s) within the framework is 52 (DV+), 102 (Magnite Streaming), 202 (Magnite Outstream) and 493 (Magnite Carbon AI). If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your User Information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “ Contact Us ” heading below. Right to Lodge a Complaint You have the right to lodge a complaint about our processing of personal data with a European Data Protection Authority. For contact details of EU data protection authorities, please see here: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en . The Swiss data protection authority can be contacted at https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact/address.html . The UK data protection authority can be contacted at https://ico.org.uk Data Transfers and Privacy Shield Magnite is a global company headquartered in the United States, with offices and data centers around the world (including in Australia, Brazil, Canada, the European Union, Japan, Singapore and the United Kingdom). If you access any of the Digital Media Properties, your data may be transferred to, stored and processed by us in any of these countries, and by those third parties with whom we may share your User Information (as described in this policy) in the countries in which they operate. These countries may not provide a level of data protection for User Information that is equivalent to the data protection laws in your country. We will however implement appropriate safeguards where Magnite group of companies, or any third parties with whom we share data, receive User Information originating from the EEA, Switzerland or the UK in accordance with applicable data protection legislation. With respect to its DV+ Platform, Magnite, Inc. and its US subsidiary, Magnite Hopper, Inc. commit to comply with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Frameworks as set forth by the US Department of Commerce with respect to personal information concerning individuals from the EEA, the UK and Switzerland. Please see our Privacy Shield Notice to learn more. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. We no longer rely on the Privacy Shield frameworks as our lawful mechanism to transfer data that originated in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland to the United States. If you would like to learn more about the safeguards we put in place for international transfers, please contact us using the contact details further below. Changes to this Policy We may update this policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you of any material changes by posting the revised policy on this website, and where necessary, by any other means required by applicable law. Contact Us For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact Magnite’s Privacy Team by e-mail at privacy@magnite.com or by post using the details provided below: 1250 Broadway, 15th Floor, New York, New York 10001 You can also contact Magnite’s Data Protection Officer at dpo@magnite.com . If you are based in the EU you can contact our EU Representative: Magnite@lionheartsquared.eu Lionheart Squared (Europe) Ltd (FAO – Magnite),2 Pembroke House, Upper Pembroke Street 28-32,Dublin, DO2 EK84, Republic of Ireland. Legal Copyright 2023 Magnite, Inc. All rights reserved Your Privacy Choices Privacy Policies Login Resources Company Follow Us Our Offices BelfastBerlinBostonBozemanDenverLondonLos AngelesMelbourneMilanNew JerseyNew YorkNew ZealandParisSan FranciscoSão PauloSeattleSingaporeSwedenSydneyTokyoToronto Copyright 2023 Magnite, Inc. All rights reserved This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some are essential to make our site work; others help us improve the site. By continuing to use this site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Read our website privacy policy and cookie statement to learn more.