SmartThings Privacy Notice Effective Date: November 29, 2022 At Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. (“Samsung”), we know how important privacy is to our customers. We created this Privacy Notice to make sure you understand how we collect and use your personal information. Our Privacy Policy at https://account.samsung.com/membership/terms/privacypolicy also applies to your use of SmartThings. Our Privacy Policy contains more information about how we use your data. It also includes information about your rights and how to contact us. Please read our Privacy Policy in addition to this Privacy Notice. However, this Privacy Notice shall always prevail over the Privacy Policy in relation to how we use your information for SmartThings. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? Through SmartThings, Samsung obtains and maintains information about you in various ways. Information You Provide Directly Your Account Information: SmartThings will collect your account information, which is necessary to initiate and provide the SmartThings service to you. This will include information such as your name, Samsung account ID, email address, mailing address, phone number and username. Your account information will not only include the information that you enter in the SmartThings app to create a Samsung account, but also the account information in apps from third-party service partners which you allow to access SmartThings, as well as any devices registered to your Samsung Account (such as any mobile devices). Information About Your Use of SmartThings In addition to the information you provide, we will collect information about your use of our SmartThings through software on your devices and by other means. We will collect: App Usage Information : We will collect your usage information created during your use of the SmartThings app, such as app logs, groups, rules and location names, your interactions with SmartThings (such as the app and web pages you visit and features you use), along with other configuration information. Home IoT Device Information : As SmartThings may consist of several sets of home appliances, sensors, SmartThings hubs, smart bulbs, products, home monitoring cameras and other devices connected to SmartThings (“Home IoT Devices”), SmartThings will also collect usage information related to your Home IoT Devices, such as Home IoT Device model, name, group name or nickname, location name and other settings assigned to the device, event and event settings (for example, if you set up a schedule reminder to display on your Home IoT Device), the network connection information(including SSID and password) and the surrounding network environment information, device country code, device network operator, OS version, IP address and IMEI, sensor and configuration data, error and malfunction logs, device identifier (e.g. ICCID) and the device and automation name. The main purpose for processing such information is to provide the service you have requested (though it may also be used for data analysis and to enable us to provide customized marketing communications, where you have given us your separate consent). Examples relating to the use of your information to provide you with the service are set out below. For example, when you use a motion sensor, SmartThings will collect the information detected by the sensor (such as logs indicating movement in your home, that the lights have been automatically turned on or off, or if there is unexpected movement in your home) to enable an alert to be sent. SmartThings will also collect the usage/settings information of home appliances connected to SmartThings, if you turn on these features. For example, the temperature information inside your refrigerator, the time information showing how long you have used the air conditioner, and other information about the functions you have selected will be collected not only to display the device/appliance status through your app, but also to understand your use of Home IoT Devices and thus continue to improve the our services. In addition to the above-mentioned personal data, we will collect your dump logs, which are files listing the technical errors of your devices. These dump logs will only be used to provide you with the technical assistance you need and to improve the SmartThings app and Home IoT Devices. Video and Audio Clips Recorded by the Home Monitoring Camera : If you connect video or audio recording devices to SmartThings, SmartThings will collect the video or audio clips recorded by such device, based on your choices, to provide the service you request in the SmartThings app. Images, video clips : If you choose to share your images or video clips (not recorded by the Home Monitoring Camera) stored on your device with other SmartThings users or devices, SmartThings will collect the images and video clips.Voice Information : If you use voice commands to control SmartThings, information about your conversations, including voice commands, will be relayed through SmartThings servers to process your command. Location Information : If you consent to the collection and use of location data, your geolocation data is collected to provide the service or feature that requires location information. If you do not wish for your location information to be processed, you can turn it off in the SmartThings settings. Smart TV Information : If you connect a Samsung Smart TV to SmartThings, information will be collected about the Smart TV content you purchase, including voucher or gift card numbers and information you provide to set reminders and calendar notifications on your Smart TV will be collected. SmartThings Cooking Information : If you use SmartThings Cooking, we will collect information about your use of SmartThings Cooking, including your favorite ingredients and cuisines, dietary preferences, and cooking experience, and information you receive from Family Hub such as responses, answers and content. Any information you enter into SmartThings Cooking will override the existing information in your Family Hub. For example, if you input your dietary preferences through SmartThings Cooking, your Family Hub will be updated to include those dietary preferences. You can add, remove, or change your dietary preferences using either SmartThings Cooking or Family Hub. SmartThings Pet Information : If you use SmartThings Pet, we will collect information about your use of SmartThings Pet, including your pet’s name, sex, date of birth, breed, weight and any communication you had about your pet such as behavior, symptoms and past medical history. SmartThings Clothing Care Information : If you use SmartThings Clothing Care, we will collect information about your use of SmartThings Clothing Care, including the type of clothing you are interested in and your recipe for clothing management such as display memo, course and option information. We will also collect information about your Smart TV and other devices you add and connect to with the SmartThings app and the SmartThings Hub, and your use of these devices, in ways that we will describe to you at the time of collection or otherwise with your separate consent. We do not knowingly or intentionally collect any sensitive personal data from you. However, please note that we cannot guarantee that sensitive information is not unintentionally shared with us while using the SmartThings app and other Home IoT Devices, such as the content of your audio or video recordings when you connect audio or video recording devices to SmartThings. If you submit information to SmartThings that is sensitive in nature, that will also be collected and processed for the purposes listed below, however we will not use that data for marketing, to provide customized recommendations, or for the improvement of our services. We also may collect other information about you, your devices and apps, and your use of SmartThings in ways that we describe to you at the time of collection or otherwise with your consent. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION? We use the information collected for the following purposes: to identify and authenticate you;to enable you to control your Home IoT Devices in the SmartThings app;to provide services or features you request in the SmartThings app;to respond to your requests and questions, and to communicate with you about SmartThings;to provide assistance when you request technical support for the SmartThings app or Home IoT Devices and other maintenance services;to provide you with remote maintenance service for errors related to Home IoT Devices connected to SmartThings, if you contact a customer service center; to link your account information or otherwise interact with selected apps, devices, features and services of third-party service partners;to operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing new products and services; enhancing and improving our products, services and SmartThings; analyzing our products and services by aggregating and anonymizing data and performing data analytics and accounting, auditing and other internal functions);to provide customized recommendations related to Home IoT Devices and other useful services or features; if you turn on Customization Service in your Samsung account, it will use data collected through the SmartThings app for the purposes herein.You can learn more about our Customization Service by clicking here ;if you have a Samsung Smart TV, to (i) enable you to purchase Smart TV digital content, (ii) provide a history of purchased Smart TV digital content, (iii) let you set reminders for Smart TV digital content, and (iv) enable you to receive calendar notifications on your Samsung Smart TV; where you have separately consented to receive marketing communications from us, we may combine information about your device and the Home IOT Devices which you connect to SmartThings, with data which we have collected about you from other sources, in particular your Samsung Account, to provide you with more relevant marketing;to comply with laws, regulatory obligations, and legal processes; and to protect the rights, property and/or security of Samsung Electronics, or any of our affiliates, business partners and/or customers. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH? We will disclose your information internally within our business and to the following entities, but only for the purposes described above. Affiliates: other Samsung Electronics Group companies which we control or own;Business partners: partners who we work together with to provide you with SmartThings, such as third-party products or services that you can connect to SmartThings so you can control those products or services. These business partners control and manage your personal information;Service providers: carefully selected companies that provide services for or on behalf of us, such as cloud platform providers who maintain data on our behalf. These providers are also committed to protecting your information; Other parties when required by law or as necessary to protect SmartThings: for example, it may be necessary by law, legal process, or court order from governmental authorities to disclose your information. They may also seek your information from us for the purposes of law enforcement, national security, anti-terrorism, or other issues that are related to public security;Other parties in connection with corporate transactions: we may disclose your information to a third party as part of a merger or transfer, acquisition or sale, or in the event of bankruptcy; and Other parties with your consent or at your direction: in addition to the disclosures described in this Privacy Notice, we may share information about you with third parties when you separately consent to or request such sharing. HOW LONG DO WE RETAIN YOUR INFORMATION AND WHERE DOES IT GO? How long your data will be retained depends on the legal basis relied upon to process your data. For example, data we process to perform our contract with you requires us to keep the data throughout the time you use SmartThings. As long as you are an active user of SmartThings, we will retain and process this data. Data such as your account information, device information and identifiers fall into this category. Data we process to promote our business interests, such as your use of SmartThings, is only kept for as long as needed for the purposes for which it was collected. For example, this data may be collected to perform analytics so we can develop improvements to SmartThings, or we may process data to keep a record of inquiries you made through or about SmartThings to improve your customer service experience. In addition, we may also process your data based on your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we will stop processing your data that relies on your consent, but it will not impact the processing of data collected prior to your withdrawal until the purposes for which such data was collected have been achieved. Please note that although we aim to retain your data for the time period described above, your data may be processed longer, pursuant to applicable law. For example, if a specific statute mandates we retain a certain piece of data, we will comply and retain that data until the required retention period expires. As long as your data is retained by us, your data will always be subject to appropriate safeguards. INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFER Your use of SmartThings will involve the transfer, storage, and processing of your personal information to and in other countries; such countries include, without limitation, countries in the European Economic Area, the Republic of Korea, the United States, Canada, India, and the Philippines. All international data transfers are subject to legal requirements to ensure that your personal information is processed safely and as you would expect. UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE This Privacy Notice may be updated to let you know about changes in how we collect and process your information in SmartThings or changes in related laws. The date when the document was last updated is shown at the top of this Privacy Notice. version: 1.6.0SmartThings U.S. Privacy Notice Effective Date: December 31, 2022 Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., along with our affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “ Samsung ”) respects your concerns about privacy. This SmartThings Privacy Notice applies to the personal information we obtain through SmartThings (the “ Service ”). It does not apply to information collected by other apps, websites or services provided by Samsung. This Privacy Notice supplements the Samsung Privacy Policy for the U.S. (available at https://account.samsung.com/membership/terms/privacypolicy ) (“ Samsung US Privacy Policy ”) and provides additional information about how we may collect, use and share your personal information in connection with the Service. In the event any portion of this Privacy Notice conflicts with the Samsung US Privacy Policy, the relevant provisions of this Privacy Notice will govern. Information We Obtain Through the Service, we may obtain information about you in various ways. The types of personal information we may obtain include those listed in the Samsung US Privacy Policy as well as the following: contact information, such as name, email and phone number; Samsung Account information, such as nickname, Samsung Account ID, and any devices registered to your Samsung Account (such as any mobile devices); username for participating third-party devices, apps, features or services; residence information, such as information about your home (e.g., the approximate square footage and number of family members); information related to your location through GPS, Bluetooth and WiFi signals , including with your permission, the precise geolocation of your device and connected devices (please note that if you do not allow the Service to collect your precise geolocation, you may not be able to use all of the features of the Service); for users who use voice commands to control the Service, information about your conversations, including voice commands, may be relayed through the Service server to process your command; for users who use SmartThings Clothing Care, information about the type of clothing you are interested in and your recipe for clothing management (e.g., display memo, course and option information) for users who connect Samsung Smart TV to the Service, information about users’ Samsung or third-party digital calendars; for users who choose to share their images and video clips (not recorded by the Home Monitoring Camera) stored on your device with other Service users or devices, SmartThings will collect the images and video clips; for users who connect Samsung Family Hub to the Service through SmartThings Cooking, with your permission, we may obtain information about your Family Hub interactions, including your touch interactions and other inputs (such as your dietary preferences), and the information you receive from Family Hub (such as responses, answers and content). If you submit information to Family Hub that is sensitive in nature (i.e., health information), that may also be collected and processed for the purposes set out below. We also may obtain other information related to your use of Family Hub, including the information (such as information related to the apps you use, the websites you visit and content and data from Whisk and other Samsung apps, websites and services) we receive from Samsung and Whisk apps and services that are accessed or used by Family Hub, including username and password for Whisk apps, features or services, to provide you with Family Hub (such as social media, email and instant messaging apps); and for users who use SmartThings Pet , information about your pet’s profile (e.g., pet’s name, sex, date of birth, breed, and weight) and any communication you had about your pet (e.g., behavior, symptoms and past medical history). SmartThings Cooking Any information you enter into SmartThings Cooking will override the existing information in your Family Hub. For example, if you input your dietary preferences through SmartThings Cooking, your Family Hub will be updated to include those dietary preferences. You can add, remove, or change your dietary preferences using either SmartThings Cooking or Family Hub. Video and Audio Devices If you connect video or audio recording devices to the Service, to provide you with our services, we may obtain content (and related information) that is captured and recorded by those devices, such as video or audio recordings, live video or audio streams, and images.In addition, for users who connect Samsung’s Bixby voice assistant to the Service, we may obtain audio content from your communications with Bixby (e.g.¸ voice commands); and Privacy and video surveillance laws in your jurisdiction may apply to your use of our products and services, including but not limited to video and audio recordings made by your Service-connected devices, as well as audio content obtained through Bixby. Please ensure that you comply with applicable law when you use our products or services. For example, you may need to display a notice that alerts visitors to your home that you are using our products or services. Capturing, recording or sharing video or audio content that involves other people may affect their privacy rights. Information We Obtain By Automated Means Information about your Service-enabled devices, such as device model, OS version, device configurations and settings, IP address, device identifiers and other unique identifiers ; and Information about your usage of the Service , including about how, when, and for how long you use the Service , the devices that you choose to connect to the Service , and other Samsung and third-party apps and services on your devices (such as list of apps on your devices, the websites you visit, and the searches you run); . We also may collect other information about you, your devices and apps, and your use of the Services in ways that we describe to you at the time of collection or otherwise with your consent. Your web browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies or how to restrict or disable certain types of cookies. You can find out how to do this for your particular browser by clicking “help” on your browser’s menu or visiting www.allaboutcookies.org . For mobile devices, you can manage how your device and browser share certain device data by adjusting the privacy and security settings on your device. The Service is not designed to respond to “do not track” signals received from browsers. Please note that without cookies you may not be able to use or benefit from all of the features of the Service. Third Party Web Analytics Services We may collect personal information about your online activities on websites and connected devices over time and across third-party websites, devices, apps and other online features and services. We may use third-party analytics services, such as Google Analytics. The information we obtain may be disclosed to or collected directly by these providers and other relevant third parties who use the information, for example, to evaluate use of the Service and to help administer the Service. To learn more about Google Analytics, please visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ Online Tracking and Interest-Based Advertising We may collect information about your online activities to provide you with advertising about products and services tailored to your interests. You may see our ads on other websites or apps because we engage in online advertising. This allows us to target our messaging to users considering demographic data, users’ inferred interests, and browsing context. Ad technology companies track users’ online activities over time by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of cookies, web server logs, web beacons and other similar technologies. This information is used to show ads that may be tailored to individuals’ interests, to track users’ browsers or devices across multiple websites, and to build a profile of users’ online browsing activities. The information collected may include data about users’ visits to websites that participate in the online ad ecosystem, such as the pages or ads viewed and the actions taken on the websites. This data collection takes place both on SmartThings.com and on third-party websites that participate in the online ad ecosystem. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.To learn how to opt out of interest-based advertising, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices and http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ How We Use the Information We Obtain We may use the information we obtain through the Service to: to provide you with the Service and other integrated products and services; to link your Samsung Account to connected third-party devices, apps, features or services; for Samsung Smart TV users, to enable users to access to calendar service on Samsung Smart TV; for users who connect video or audio recording devices to the Service (e.g., video cameras), to enable access to such recordings; for users who connect to SmartThings Cooking through the Service, to provide you with Family Hub services, such as viewing recipes, and creating and managing shopping lists, as SmartThings and Family Hub are interconnected by Samsung Account; to respond to your requests and inquiries; to communicate with you about the Service; to provide a remote management service for errors or malfunctions associated with the Samsung home appliances connected to SmartThings; to provide you with notifications, content, alerts, offers, customized recommendations, promotions, marketing information, communications and advertisements in connection with the Service and other Samsung products and services; and to operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing new products and services; enhancing and improving our products and services and the Service; managing our communications; analyzing our products and services, consumer base and the Service; aggregating and anonymizing data and performing data analytics; and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions). Links To Other Devices, Apps and Features The Service may provide the ability to connect to other devices, apps and features. These devices, apps and features may operate independently from us and may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review. To the extent any linked device, app or feature is not owned or controlled by us, we are not responsible for its content, any use of the device, app or feature, or the privacy practices of the operator of the device, app or feature. Information Sharing As stated above, this Privacy Notice supplements the Samsung US Privacy Policy (available at https://account.samsung.com/membership/terms/privacypolicy ), which describes our information sharing practices. Notice To California Residents If you are a California consumer, for more information about your privacy rights, please see the California Consumer Privacy Statement, available at https://www.samsung.com/us/account/privacy-policy/california Notice to Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia Residents If you are a Colorado, Connecticut, Utah or Virginia resident, for more information about privacy rights that may be available to you subject to applicable law, please see the section of the Samsung U.S. Privacy Policy called “Your Rights and Choices,” available at https://account.samsung.com/membership/terms/privacypolicy . Updates to This Privacy Notice We may update this Privacy Notice from time to time and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices with respect to the Service. We will indicate at the top of this Privacy Notice when it was most recently updated. Version: 1.4.0SmartThings U.S. Privacy Notice Effective Date : March 2, 2021 We at Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. (“Samsung”) respect your concerns about privacy. This U.S. Privacy Notice applies to the personal information we collect through the SmartThings products and services, which include the SmartThings website, mobile apps, and devices, appliances, and software that you connect to the SmartThings services (collectively, “SmartThings”). The Notice does not apply to information collected by other services, apps or websites provided by Samsung or its affiliated entities. In this U.S. Privacy Notice, we describe the types of information collected through SmartThings, how we may use the information, with whom we may share it and the choices available to you regarding our use of the information. We also describe the measures we take to safeguard the information and tell you how to contact us about our privacy practices. Click on one of the links below to jump to the listed section: Information We Obtain About You Through SmartThings, we may obtain information about you in various ways. The types of personal information we may obtain include: contact information, such as name, email and postal address and phone number; payment card information, such as card number, expiration date and security code; Samsung Account information, such as nickname, Samsung Account ID and password; username and password for participating third-party devices, apps, features or services; residence information, such as information about your home ( e.g. , the approximate square footage and number of family members); with your permission, the geolocation of your mobile device and connected devices (please note that if you do not allow SmartThings to collect your precise geolocation, you may not be able to use all of the features of SmartThings); for users who use voice commands to control SmartThings, information about your conversations, including voice commands, may be relayed through SmartThings server to process your command; for users who use SmartThings Clothing Care, information about the type of clothing you are interested in and your recipe for clothing management (e.g., display memo, course and option information) for users who connect Samsung Smart TV to SmartThings, information about the Smart TV content users purchase, users’ coupon or gift card numbers, and information about users’ Samsung or third-party digital calendars; for users who choose to share their images and video clips (not recorded by the Home Monitoring Camera) stored on your device with other SmartThings users or devices, SmartThings will collect the images and video clips; and for users who connect Samsung Family Hub to SmartThings through SmartThings Cooking, with your permission, we may obtain information about your Family Hub interactions, including your touch interactions and other inputs (such as your dietary preferences), and the information you receive from Family Hub (such as responses, answers and content). If you submit information to Family Hub that is sensitive in nature (i.e., health information), that may also be collected and processed for the purposes set out below. We also may obtain other information related to your use of Family Hub, including the information (such as information related to the apps you use, the websites you visit and content and data from Whisk and other Samsung apps, websites and services) we receive from Samsung and Whisk apps and services that are accessed or used by Family Hub, including username and password for Whisk apps, features or services, to provide you with Family Hub (such as social media, email and instant messaging apps). We also may collect other information about you, your products/devices/appliances and apps, and your use of SmartThings in ways that we describe to you at the time of collection or otherwise with your consent. SmartThings Cooking Any information you enter into SmartThings Cooking will override the existing information in your Family Hub. For example, if you input your dietary preferences through SmartThings Cooking, your Family Hub will be updated to include those dietary preferences. You can add, remove, or change your dietary preferences using either SmartThings Cooking or Family Hub. Video and Audio Devices If you connect video or audio recording devices to SmartThings, to provide you with our services, we may obtain content (and related information) that is captured and recorded by those devices, such as video or audio recordings, live video or audio streams, and images.In addition, for users who connect Samsung’s Bixby voice assistant to SmartThings, we may obtain audio content from your communications with Bixby ( e.g. ¸ voice commands). Privacy and video surveillance laws in your jurisdiction may apply to your use of our products and services, including but not limited to video and audio recordings made by your SmartThings-connected devices, as well as audio content obtained through Bixby. Please ensure that you comply with applicable law when you use our products or services. For example, you may need to display a notice that alerts visitors to your home that you are using our products or services. Capturing, recording or sharing video or audio content that involves other people may affect their privacy rights. Information We Obtain By Automated Means When you interact with SmartThings, we may obtain certain information through automated means, such as browser cookies, pixels, web server logs, web beacons and other technologies. Among other purposes, these technologies help us (1) remember your information so you will not have to re-enter it; (2) track and understand how you use and interact with SmartThings; (3) tailor SmartThings around your preferences; (4) manage and measure the usability of SmartThings; (5) understand the effectiveness of our communications; and (6) otherwise enhance SmartThings. Information we may obtain in this manner includes: information about your products, devices and appliances that are connected to SmartThings, including product/device/appliance name, model and model number, group name and location name assigned to the product/device/appliance, events and event settings (e.g. if you set up a schedule reminder to display on your product/device/appliance), settings and configurations, sensor data, error and device identifier (e.g. ICCID), malfunction logs, network environment information, current software version, OS version, mobile country code, mobile network operator, serial number, IP address, IMEI number, MAC address, SIM card, WiFi SSID and password, and product/device/appliance Automation Name and Configuration information; information about your usage of Samsung and third-party products, devices, appliances, and software that you choose to connect to SmartThings (e.g., the length of time you use a connected device); data that the products, devices and appliances connected to SmartThings collect from their surrounding environment to perform their functions (such as data about motion, events, temperature, and light); and information about your use of the SmartThings website or mobile apps, including app settings, connections to other products or devices, your interactions with SmartThings (such as the app and web pages you visit, search terms and features you use), clickstream data, the pages that led or referred you to the SmartThings website or mobile apps, and dates and times of your use of the SmartThings website or mobile apps. Your web browser may tell you how to be notified when you receive certain types of cookies or how to restrict or disable certain types of cookies. You can find out how to do this for your particular browser by clicking “help” on your browser’s menu or visiting For mobile devices, you can manage how your device and browser share certain device data by adjusting the privacy and security settings on your device. SmartThings is not designed to respond to “do not track” signals received from browsers. Please note that without cookies you may not be able to use or benefit from all of the features of SmartThings. Third-Party Web Analytics Services We may collect personal information about your online activities on websites and connected devices over time and across third-party websites, devices, apps and other online features and services. We may use third-party analytics services, such as Google Analytics. The information we obtain may be disclosed to or collected directly by these providers and other relevant third parties who use the information, for example, to evaluate use of SmartThings and to help administer the SmartThings website. To learn more about Google Analytics, please visit Online Tracking And Interest-Based Advertising We may collect information about your online activities to provide you with advertising about products and services tailored to your interests. You may see our ads on other websites or mobile apps because we engage in online advertising. This allows us to target our messaging to users considering demographic data, users’ inferred interests, and browsing context.Ad technology companies track users’ online activities over time by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of cookies, web server logs, web beacons and other similar technologies. This information is used to show ads that may be tailored to individuals’ interests, to track users’ browsers or devices across multiple websites, and to build a profile of users’ online browsing activities. The information collected may include data about users’ visits to websites that participate in the online ad ecosystem, such as the pages or ads viewed and the actions taken on the websites. This data collection takes place both on SmartThings.com and on third-party websites that participate in the online ad ecosystem. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. To learn how to opt out of interest-based advertising, please visit How We Use The Information We Obtain We may use the information we obtain through SmartThings: to provide you with SmartThings and other integrated products and services; to link your Samsung Account to connected third-party devices, apps, features or services; for Samsung Smart TV users, to (1) enable users to purchase Smart TV digital content, (2) provide a history of purchased Smart TV digital content, (3) enable users to set reminders for Smart TV digital content and (4) enable users to receive calendar notifications on Samsung Smart TV; for users who connect video or audio recording devices to SmartThings ( e.g., video cameras), to enable access to such recordings; for users who connect to SmartThings Cooking through SmartThings, to provide you with Family Hub services, such as viewing recipes, and creating and managing shopping lists, as SmartThings and Family Hub are interconnected by Samsung Account; to respond to your requests and inquiries; to communicate with you about SmartThings; to provide a remote management service for errors or malfunctions associated with the Samsung home appliances connected to SmartThings; to provide you with notifications, content, alerts, offers, customized recommendations, promotions, marketing information, communications and advertisements in connection with SmartThings and other Samsung products and services; to operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing new products and services; enhancing and improving our products and services and SmartThings; managing our communications; analyzing our products and services, consumer base and SmartThings; aggregating and anonymizing data and performing data analytics; and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions); to protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, claims and other liabilities; and to comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies, including this SmartThings U.S. Privacy Notice, the Samsung Privacy Policy for the U.S. at https://www.samsung.com/us/account/privacy-policy/ and the SmartThings Terms of Service https://terms.account.samsung.com/contents/legal/usa/eng/general.html . Through SmartThings, we may collect personal information about your online activities on connected devices over time and across third-party devices, apps and other online features and services. Information Sharing We may share your personal information with (1) our subsidiaries and affiliates and (2) our service providers who perform services on our behalf. We do not authorize our service providers to retain, use or disclose your personal information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or comply with legal requirements. In addition, we may share your personal information with wireless carriers, as well as third parties that operate devices, apps and services that you connect to SmartThings. If you create a SmartThings Location Group, certain personal information you share with SmartThings, including your geolocation data, may be shared with members of your Location Group. We also may disclose personal information about you (1) if we are required to do so by law or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena); (2) in response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities; (3) to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights; (4) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical or other harm or financial loss; (5) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity; or (6) otherwise with your consent. In addition, we may share personal information we collect through SmartThings at your request.We reserve the right to transfer any personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer (or contemplate the sale or transfer of) all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a merger, acquisition, joint venture, reorganization, divestiture, dissolution or liquidation). Notice To California Residents If you are a California consumer, for more information about your privacy rights, please see the section of the Samsung Privacy Policy called “California Consumer Privacy Statement” available at Links To Other Devices, Apps and Features SmartThings may provide the ability to connect to other devices, apps and features. These devices, apps and features may operate independently from us and may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review. To the extent any linked device, app or feature is not owned or controlled by us, we are not responsible for its content, any use of the device, app or feature, or the privacy practices of the operator of the device, app or feature. Your Choices We offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information we obtain about you. To update your preferences, limit the communications you receive from us or submit a request, please contact us as specified in the How To Contact Us section of this U.S. Privacy Notice. Please visit the settings on your Samsung Account for choices that may be available to you in connection with your use of SmartThings. Your Samsung Account offers choices related to sharing certain information with SmartThings and receiving certain marketing information and communications about products, services and promotions from Samsung. You also may update the personal information you share with SmartThings through the SmartThings settings, including your name, email address, Samsung Account ID and password, user profile (including any content you uploaded), device/appliance Automation Name and Configuration information, and location, group and device information. Please note that if you decline to allow SmartThings to collect or share certain information, you may not be able to use all of the features available through SmartThings. How We Protect Personal Information We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect personal information we obtain through SmartThings against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. Children’s Personal Information Certain SmartThings products and services are intended for use by children under the age 13. Through these SmartThings products and services, Samsung may collect device identifiers ( e.g. , device model, name, serial number, IMEI number, SIM card number, WiFi SSID and password, and MAC address), device settings and logs, and geolocation information from children under age 13. Samsung provides this information to the parent holder of the Samsung Account associated with the SmartThings device. Samsung may combine the information collected from children under age 13 with information associated with the parent’s SmartThings app and the parent’s Samsung Account. Samsung may share the geolocation information collected from children under age 13 with the parent’s wireless carrier to provide customer service. Samsung also may share information collected from children under age 13 with its subsidiaries and affiliates, and with its service providers. A parent may review and/or request to have deleted the child’s personal information collected by Samsung through SmartThings, and may refuse to permit its further collection or use. To exercise these choices, please contact us as specified in the How To Contact Us section of this U.S. Privacy Notice. Updates To This U.S. Privacy Notice This U.S. Privacy Notice may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices with respect to SmartThings. We will post a notice on the SmartThings app to notify you of significant changes to this U.S. Privacy Notice and indicate at the top of this Notice when it was most recently updated. How To Contact Us To update your preferences, update or correct your information, submit a request or ask us questions about this U.S. Privacy Notice, please contact us at: Privacy Office Samsung Electronics America, Inc. 85 Challenger Road Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660 or via email to