CASCADA Privacy Policy Effective: 2021/03/20 Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. (Data Controller) (“Samsung”) knows how important privacy is to those who visit this website, including its customers and their employees and partners as well as its own employees, and we strive to be clear about how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and store your information. This Privacy Policy provides an overview of our information practices with respect to personal information collected through CASCADA services with commercial customers (the "Business Services"). This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically to reflect changes in our personal information practices with respect to the Business Services or changes in the applicable law. We will indicate at the top of this Privacy Policy when it was most recently updated. If we update the Privacy Policy, we will let you know in advance about changes we consider to be material by placing a notice on the Business Services or by emailing you, where appropriate. What information do we collect? We will collect various types of personal information in connection with the Business Services. For example : We will collect personal information that you provide, such as your Google Account Unique ID (GUID), email address, first name, last name, phone number, , company name, country, email verification data, language, and Picture URL;We will collect data about your usage records of the Business Services, such as log data, cookies and web beacons, and access IP information. How do we use your information? We may use information we collect for the following purposes: to identify and authenticate you so you may use the Business Services;to offer statistical data and graphs belonging to each separate user;to monitor the dashboard's metrics according to user’s alarm settings;to manage user permission in the system.;to operate, evaluate and improve the Business Services and our business (including developing new products and services; enhancing and improving our products and services; managing our communications; analyzing our products, services and customer base; conducting market research; performing data analytics; and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions); to improve and customize your experience with the Business Services such as delivering content and responses tailored to you and the way you interact with the Business Services;to respond to your requests, inquiries, and instructions made through the Business Services;to protect against, identify and prevent fraud and other criminal activity, claims and other liabilities; to comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies, including this Privacy Policy. Samsung processes personal information for the purposes described above. Samsung’s legal basis to process personal information includes processing: (i) So that we can keep our promises to you, such as providing you with the Business Service; (ii) To promote our business interests (for example, to manage our relationship with you and improve your customer service experience), including communications on our website, third party websites, and online platforms; (iii) To comply with the law and legal processes; (iv) With your consent (for example, to send direct marketing communications). If you give consent, you can always revoke by contacting us as specified in the Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy. To whom do we disclose your information? We will disclose your information internally within our business, but only to those who need it to further provide Services or to help with your requests. We will also disclose your information to the following entities, only to the extent that this will be necessary to provide the Business Services: Affiliates: Other Samsung Electronics Group companies which we control or own.Service Providers: Carefully selected companies that provide services for or on behalf of us, such as companies that help us with membership management, identity verification and service provision. These providers are also committed to protecting your information.Other parties when required by law or as necessary to protect our business: For example, it may be necessary by law, legal process, or court order from governmental authorities to disclose your information. They may also seek your information from us for the purposes of law enforcement, national security, anti-terrorism, or other issues that are related to public security. Other parties in connection with corporate transactions: We may disclose your information to a third party as part of a merger or transfer, acquisition or sale, or in the event of a bankruptcy.Other parties with your consent or at your direction: In addition to the disclosures described in this Privacy Policy, we may share information about you with third parties when you separately consent to or request such sharing. How do we keep your information secure?We take data protection seriously. We’ve put in place physical and technical safeguards to keep the information we collect secure. However, please note that although we take reasonable steps to protect your information, no website, Internet transmission, computer system, or wireless connection is completely secure. Where do we send your data? Your use or participation in the Business Services may involve transfer, storage and processing of your information outside of your country of residence, consistent with this policy. Such countries include, without limitation, the Republic of Korea, Ireland, Poland and India. Please note that the data protection and other laws of countries to which your information may be transferred might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. We will take appropriate measures, in compliance with applicable law, to ensure that your personal information remains protected. Such measures include the use of Standard Contractual Clauses to safeguard the transfer of data outside of the EEA. For more information on the safeguards we take to ensure the lawful transfer of your data to countries outside of the EU, or to obtain a copy of the contractual agreements in place, please contact us by the methods outlined in the Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy. What are your rights? Your personal information belongs to you. You can ask us to provide details about what we’ve collected, and you can ask us to delete it or correct any inaccuracies. You can also ask us to restrict or limit processing, sharing, or transfer of your personal information, as well as to provide to you your personal information that we’ve collected so you can use it for your own purposes. To exercise your rights, please contact us by the methods outlined in the Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy. However, requesting the deletion of your personal information may also result in a loss of access to the Business Services. If you request deletion of personal information, you acknowledge that you may not be able to access or use the Business Services and that residual personal information may continue to reside in Samsung's records and archives for some time in compliance with applicable law, but Samsung will not use that information for commercial purposes. You understand that, despite your request for deletion, Samsung reserves the right to keep your personal information, or a relevant part of it, in line with our data retention policy and applicable laws, if Samsung has suspended, limited, or terminated your access to the website for violating the Samsung Terms of Use or any other applicable Samsung policy or applicable law, when necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of Samsung, or any of our respective affiliates, business partners, employees or customers. How long do we keep your information? We won’t keep your personal information for longer than is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. This means that information will be destroyed or erased from our systems when it’s no longer required. We take appropriate steps to ensure that we process and retain information about you based on the following logic: 1. At least the duration for which the information is used to provide you with a service; 2. As required under law, a contract, or with regard to our statutory obligations; 3. Only for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, is processed, or longer if required under any contract, by applicable law, or for statistical purposes, subject to appropriate safeguards. Cookies Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and allows us to improve our site. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you agree. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. We use the following cookies: • Essential cookies. These cookies are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website. sessionid This cookie is essential for our site to : identify a user that has logged into a website and Recognize you when you return to our site. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Session_ID csrftoken This cookie is essential for our site to : Prevent users from being involved with maliciously crafted web request. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cross-site_request_forgery messages This cookie enables us to : Maintain your session when you return to our site. You can find more information about our cookie practice in a separately prepared cookie policy. Contact Us You can contact us to update your preferences, correct your information, submit a request, or ask us questions. You can contact us at: Data Controller Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd.129, Samsung-ro, Yeongtong-gu, Suwon-si, Gyeonggi-do 16677, Republic of Korea Samsung Electronics has offices across Europe, so we can ensure that your request or query will be handled by the data protection team based in your region. The easiest way to contact us is through our Privacy Support Page at https://www.samsung.com/request-desk . You can also contact us at: European Data Protection Officer Samsung Electronics (UK) Limited Samsung House, 2000 Hillswood Drive, Chertsey, Surrey KT16 ORS You can lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority if you consider that our processing of your personal information infringes applicable law. Contact details for all EU supervisory authorities can be found at https://ec.europa.eu/newsroom/article29/item-detail.cfm?item_id=612080 . Copyright © 2020 SAMSUNG. All rights reserved. Privacy(EU) Privacy(USA) Privacy Samsung and Cookies Our site uses essential cookies only. You can read our Cookie Policy for more information.CASCADA Terms and Conditions These CASCADA Terms and Conditions (this "Agreement") are entered into by Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. ("Samsung") and the entity executing this Agreement ("You"). This Agreement governs Your use of CASCADA (the "Service"). BY CLICKING THE "I ACCEPT" BUTTON, COMPLETING THE REGISTRATION PROCESS, OR USING THE SERVICE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE REVIEWED AND ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT AND ARE AUTHORIZED TO ACT ON BEHALF OF, AND BIND TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE OWNER OF THIS ACCOUNT. 1. Definitions "Account" refers to the account for the Service. “Affiliates” means an entity that, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with a party to this Agreement, but only for so long as such control exists, and where “control” shall mean ownership of more than 50% of the stock or other equity interests entitled to vote for the election of directors or an equivalent governing body. "Confidential Information" includes any information disclosed by one party to the other, either in writing or verbally, as being confidential, or which, under the circumstances of disclosure, ought to be treated as confidential. However, Confidential Information will not include any information that is or becomes known to the general public, which is already in the receiving party's possession prior to disclosure by a party or which is independently developed by the receiving party without the use of Confidential Information. "Report(s)" means the resulting analysis shown on the Service, which may include information about . "Third Party" means any third party (i) to which You provide access to Your Account or (ii) for which You use the Service to collect information on the third party's behalf. For the avoidance of doubt “third party” in lower case does not have the same meaning as “Third Party” defined herein. 2. Member Account, Password, and Security To register for the Service, You must complete the registration process by providing Samsung with complete and accurate information as prompted by the registration form, including Your e-mail address, username, and password. You will protect Your password and take full responsibility for Your own, and Third Party, use of Your Account. You are solely responsible for any and all activities that occur under Your Account. You will notify Samsung immediately upon learning of any unauthorized use of Your Account or any other breach of security. 3. License Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Samsung grants You a limited, revocable, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable license to use, download, and/or save the Reports, solely for the purpose of managing and improving the quality of Your TV Plus Channel service (“Purpose”) . You will not (and You will not allow any third party to) (i) copy, modify, adapt, translate or otherwise create derivative works of the Reports; (ii) rent, lease, sell, assign or otherwise transfer rights in or to the Reports or the Service; and (iii) remove any proprietary notices or labels placed by the Service. 4. Use of the Service 4.1 By registering to the Service, you will be able to see the Reports related to Your TV Plus Channel(s) only. You will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in Your use of and access to the Service and Reports. 4.2 If You download and/or save any Report, or a portion thereof, You must do so solely for the Purpose and must destroy the saved Reports within one (1) year of having saved them or immediately after the termination of this Agreement, whichever is earlier. 4.3 Samsung expressly reserves the right to change, suspend, remove, limit the use of, or disable the access to the Service or any portion thereof at any time without notice or liability. 5. Confidentiality Neither party will use or disclose the other party's Confidential Information without the other's prior written consent except for the purpose of performing its obligations under this Agreement or if required by law, regulation or court order; in which case, the party being compelled to disclose Confidential Information will give the other party as much notice as is reasonably practicable prior to disclosing the Confidential Information.6. Indemnification To the extent permitted by applicable law, You will indemnify, hold harmless and defend Samsung and its officers, directors, employees, agents, successors, at Your expense, from and against any and all losses, liabilities, damages, penalties, governmental inquiries, investigations and proceedings, as well as all costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and other litigation expenses), incurred in connection with any claim, demand, action, suit, investigation, arbitration or other proceeding brought or asserted by a third party (each, a “Claim”) arising from or relating to (i) Your breach of any term or condition of this Agreement, (ii) Your use of the Service, (iii) Your violations of applicable laws, rules or regulations in connection with the Service, (iv) any representations and warranties made by You under this Agreement; and (v) any claims with respect to acts or omissions of You or a Third Party in connection with the Service or the Reports. Samsung will provide You with written notice of any claim, suit or action from which You must indemnify Samsung. You will cooperate as fully as reasonably required in the defense of any claim. Samsung reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter subject to indemnification by You. 7. Third Parties If You use the Service on behalf of the Third Party or a Third Party otherwise uses the Service through Your Account, whether or not You are authorized by Samsung to do so, then You represent and warrant that You are authorized to act on behalf of, and bind to this Agreement, the Third Party to all obligations that You have under this Agreement. 8. Disclaimer of Warranties SAMSUNG EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTIBILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PUPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. FURTHER, SAMSUNG DOES NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT THAT ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICE AND THE REPORTS ARE FREE OF INACCURACIES, ERRORS, BUGS OR INTERRUPTIONS, OR IS RELIABLE, ACCURATE, COMPLETE, OR OTHERWISE VALID. THE SERVICE AND THE REPORTS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE", WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND FROM SAMSUNG. SAMSUNG WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE AND THE REPORTS. 9. Limitation of Liability SAMSUNG SHALL NOT, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION OR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGES OR LOSSES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN RELATION TO THIS AGREEMENT, YOUR USE OR MISUSE OF THE SERVICE AND THE REPORTS, WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), PRODUCT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF SAMSUNG HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY REMEDY. IN ALL EVENTS, YOUR SOLE REMEDY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT FOR ANY CLAIM OF BREACH SHALL BE TO TERMINATE THIS AGREEMENT. IN NO EVENT WILL SAMSUNG BE LIABLE TO ANY THIRD PARTIES FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER. 10. Term and Termination 10.1 This Agreement shall automatically terminate when You no longer provide any TV Plus Channels for Samsung TV Plus. 10.2 Without limiting Section 10.1, Samsung may, at any time with or without reason, terminate this Agreement by giving written notice of termination to the email address shown in your Account. 10.3 Upon the termination of this Agreement, Samsung will stop providing and You will stop accessing the Service. Additionally, You will immediately delete all copies of any saved Reports. 11. Modifications to the Agreement Samsung reserves the right, at any time, to modify this Agreement. Your continued use of the Service will be deemed an acceptance of the modified terms. If You do not agree to the modified terms, You should discontinue Your use of the Service. 12. Miscellaneous 12.1 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the state of New York, USA without reference to its conflict of law principles. Any dispute or controversy arising out of this Agreement shall be subject to arbitration proceedings under the arbitration rules of the International Chamber of Commerce. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Samsung may apply for injunctive remedies (or an equivalent type of urgent legal relief) in any court of competent jurisdiction. 12.1.1 If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable for any reason, such provision will be reformed to the extent necessary to make it enforceable to the maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of the parties, and the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect.12.2 You may not assign or otherwise transfer any of Your rights in this Agreement without Samsung’s prior written consent, and any such attempt is void. 12.3 Any provision that, by its terms, is intended, to survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement, shall remain in full force and effect. Copyright © 2020 SAMSUNG. All rights reserved. Privacy(EU) Privacy(USA) Privacy Samsung and Cookies Our site uses essential cookies only. You can read our Cookie Policy for more information.