Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Effective: [05/07/2023] Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. (“ Samsung ,”) knows how important privacy is to its customers and their employees and partners, and we strive to be clear about how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and store your information. This Privacy Policy provides an overview of our information practices with respect to personal information collected through Galaxy Store Seller Portal (the " Business Services "). This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically to reflect changes in our personal information practices with respect to the Business Services or changes in applicable law. We will indicate at the top of this Privacy Policy when it was most recently updated. If we update the Privacy Policy, we will let you know in advance about changes we consider to be material by placing a notice on the Business Services or by emailing you, where appropriate. We may collect personal information that you provide, such as when you register for the Seller Portal or one the Seller Portal’s features including your Samsung Account (GUID), e-mail address (ID), password, country, name, gender, zip code, address, phone number, company, representative name, company address, and company phone number;We may payment account information (account number, account holder, bank information, and/or PayPal account) and information required to verify you and the account you receive payments, such as a copy of passport or ID card, a copy of business registration certification, proof of bank account and your date of birth (provided that once we verify you and/or the account such data is deleted immediately), in order to process settlement of sales; We may collect any communications you send or deliver to us; andWe may collect data about your use of the Seller Portal, including the time and duration of your use, as well as information stored in cookies that we have set on the Seller Portal.to register, review and distribute your applications;to provide services and features and to register or authenticate you;to proceed with payment settlement;to analyze data from your sales contents and provide market data; to provide customer support, including responding to your questions and requests;with your consent, to inform you about new products and services or any events;for assessment and analysis of our market, customers, products, and services (including asking you for your opinions on our products and services and carrying out customer surveys);to understand the way companies use the Seller Portal so that we can improve it and develop new products and services;to provide maintenance services and to maintain a sufficient level of security on the Seller Portal; to protect the rights, property, or safety of Samsung, or any of our respective affiliates, business partners, employees or customers, for example, in legal proceedings, internal investigations and investigations by competent authorities;otherwise with your separate consent where required by applicable law or as described to at the time your information is collected.Samsung affiliates;third parties when necessary to provide you with requested products and services. For example, we may disclose your payment data to financial institutions as appropriate to process transactions that you have requested; companies that provide services for or on behalf of us, such as companies that help us with the billing process;other parties: (i) to comply with the law or respond to compulsory legal process (such as a search warrant or other court order); (ii) to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Business Services; (iii) to protect the rights, property, or safety of Samsung, or any of our respective affiliates, business partners, or customers; (iv) as part of a merger or transfer, or in the event of a bankruptcy; with other third parties when you consent to or request such sharing. To submit a privacy rights request in connection with the Business Services subject to this Privacy Policy, please visit Seller Portal(Help – Contact us menu, available at : https://seller.samsungapps.com/ ). Copyright© 2009-2023 SAMSUNG All Rights Reserved. Notices OK Notices Your session will expire soon. You will be signed out in 10 minute. Click [OK] to extend your session. OK Notices Your session has expired. Please sign in again. OK Don’t miss out on valuable informationabout Galaxy Store Seller Portal. Click [Agree] to receive email notifications. Agree Decline Notice You have successfully signed up to receive email notifications.(2023-08-15) OK Notice You have opted out from receiving news, benefits, and newsletters from Galaxy Store Seller Portal. Email notifications will not be sent to . Click [Yes] to continue. ※ All important notices will always be sent regardless of email notification preferences.Yes No Notice You have successfully opted out from receiving email notifications.(2023-08-15) ※ You can change your email notification options at any time from your user profile . OK Update has been updated. Please check the updated . You must agree to the terms above. Agree Update has been updated. Please check the updated . OK Notice To sell Android content, a status change to corporate Commercial Distribution Seller is necessary. If you are not a corporate Commercial Distribution Seller, existing Android content will be discontinued and you will not be able to register Android content. “Request Corporate Commercial Seller” from your profile . OK