PRIVACY POLICY FOR UNIFON This privacy policy governs your use of the software application Unifon (“Application”) for mobile devices that was created by AudioCodes for United Group. The Application is a sip client app which allows United Group users to communicate and share files. What information does the Application obtain and how is it used? Automatically Collected Information The Application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile telephone number, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use the Application. Does the Application collect precise real time location information of the device? This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device. Do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the Application? Only aggregated, anonymized data is periodically transmitted to external services such as Google Analytics to help us improve the Application and our service. We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We may disclose User Provided and Automatically Collected Information: as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement. What are my opt-out rights? You can stop all collection of information by the Application easily by uninstalling the Application. You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network. Data Retention Policy, Managing Your Information We will retain User Provided data for as long as you use the Application and for a reasonable time thereafter. We will retain Automatically Collected information for up to 1 year. Children We do not use the Application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with information without their consent, he or she should uninstall the application. Security We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. For example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our Application. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches. Changes This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy on our web site. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes. Your Consent By using the Application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing,” means using cookies on a computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information. Contact us If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at info@unifon.mobiUpotreba kolačića (eng. Cookies) Neophodni Podešavanja Statistika Marketing Neophodni 10 rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Ističe : Persistent Tip : HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Ističe : Session Tip : HTML __cflb Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. Ističe : 1 dan Tip : HTTP __cfruid This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Ističe : Session Tip : HTTP CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Ističe : 1 godina Tip : HTTP .AspNetCore.Antiforgery.# Helps prevent Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) attacks. Ističe : Session Tip : HTTP .AspNetCore.Session Identifies the logged in user. A unique session ID is linked to the user so that he/she is identified while navigating the website. The user is logged out when the cookie expires. Ističe : Session Tip : HTTP CONSENT [x3] Used to detect if the visitor has accepted the marketing category in the cookie banner. This cookie is necessary for GDPR-compliance of the website. Ističe : 2 godine Tip : HTTP Podešavanja tidio_state_# [x2] Remembers whether the user has minimized or closed chat-box or pop-up messages on the website. Ističe : Persistent Tip : HTML Statistika 12 cx_id [x2] Prikupljanje i obrada podataka za istraživanje tržišta, oglašavanje i poboljšanje korisničkog iskustva na webu. Pročitajte više: https://adria.contentexchange.me/page/opsti-uslovi Ističe : 400 dana Tip : HTTP _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Ističe : 2 godine Tip : HTTP _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Ističe : 2 godine Tip : HTTP td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Ističe : Session Tip : Pixel c.gif Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Ističe : Session Tip : Pixel _clck Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Ističe : 1 godina Tip : HTTP _clsk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Ističe : 1 dan Tip : HTTP _cltk Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Ističe : Session Tip : HTML CLID Collects data on the user’s navigation and behavior on the website. This is used to compile statistical reports and heatmaps for the website owner. Ističe : 1 godina Tip : HTTP cookiesession1 [x2] Sets a ID for the visitor. This serves to count the number of specific visitors on the website. Ističe : 1 godina Tip : HTTP Marketing 49 _fbc This cookie is used by Facebook to target advertisement based on user behavior and preferences across multiple websites. The cookie contains an encrypted ID which allows Facebook to identify the user across websites. Ističe : 3 meseci Tip : HTTP _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Ističe : 3 meseci Tip : HTTP Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Ističe : 1 mesec Tip : HTTP uid Registers a unique user ID that recognises the user's browser when visiting websites that use the same ad network. The purpose is to optimise display of ads based on the user's movements and various ad providers' bids for displaying user ads. Ističe : 2 meseci Tip : HTTP IDE Used by Google DoubleClick to register and report the website user's actions after viewing or clicking one of the advertiser's ads with the purpose of measuring the efficacy of an ad and to present targeted ads to the user. Ističe : 1 godina Tip : HTTP pagead/landing Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Ističe : Session Tip : Pixel test_cookie Used to check if the user's browser supports cookies. Ističe : 1 dan Tip : HTTP ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites.Ističe : Session Tip : Pixel pagead/1p-user-list/879568161/ На чекању Ističe : Session Tip : Pixel _gcl_au Used by Google AdSense for experimenting with advertisement efficiency across websites using their services. Ističe : 3 meseci Tip : HTTP MR [x2] Used to track visitors on multiple websites, in order to present relevant advertisement based on the visitor's preferences. Ističe : 7 dana Tip : HTTP MUID [x2] Used widely by Microsoft as a unique user ID. The cookie enables user tracking by synchronising the ID across many Microsoft domains. Ističe : 1 godina Tip : HTTP SRM_B Tracks the user’s interaction with the website’s search-bar-function. This data can be used to present the user with relevant products or services. Ističe : 1 godina Tip : HTTP ANONCHK Registers data on visitors from multiple visits and on multiple websites. This information is used to measure the efficiency of advertisement on websites. Ističe : 1 dan Tip : HTTP SM Registers a unique ID that identifies the user's device during return visits across websites that use the same ad network. The ID is used to allow targeted ads. Ističe : Session Tip : HTTP LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Ističe : Session Tip : HTTP nextId [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Ističe : Session Tip : HTTP requests [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Ističe : Session Tip : HTTP yt.innertube::nextId [x2] Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Ističe : Persistent Tip : HTML ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Ističe : Persistent Tip : HTML YtIdbMeta#databases [x2] Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Ističe : Persistent Tip : IDB yt-remote-cast-available [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Ističe : Session Tip : HTML yt-remote-cast-installed [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Ističe : Session Tip : HTML yt-remote-connected-devices [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Ističe : Persistent Tip : HTML yt-remote-device-id [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Ističe : Persistent Tip : HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Ističe : Session Tip : HTML yt-remote-session-app [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Ističe : Session Tip : HTML yt-remote-session-name [x2] Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Ističe : Session Tip : HTML LogsDatabaseV2:V#||LogsRequestsStore На чекању Ističe : Persistent Tip : IDB remote_sid Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Ističe : Session Tip : HTTP ServiceWorkerLogsDatabase#SWHealthLog Necessary for the implementation and functionality of YouTube video-content on the website. Ističe : Persistent Tip : IDB TESTCOOKIESENABLED Used to track user’s interaction with embedded content. Ističe : 1 dan Tip : HTTP VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Tries to estimate the users' bandwidth on pages with integrated YouTube videos. Ističe : 180 dana Tip : HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Ističe : Session Tip : HTTP 12 (неименован) На чекању Ističe : Session Tip : HTTP cx_last_match На чекању Ističe : 2 godine Tip : HTTP cx_test На чекању Ističe : Session Tip : HTTP _bex_data На чекању Ističe : Persistent Tip : HTML utm_cookie На чекању Ističe : Session Tip : HTTP cecxh_u_key На чекању Ističe : 2 meseci Tip : HTTP cexh_red На чекању Ističe : 2 meseci Tip : HTTP contentexchange На чекању Ističe : 3 meseci Tip : HTTP CultureInfo На чекању Ističe : 7 dana Tip : HTTP hrnet.ci На чекању Ističe : 7 dana Tip : HTTP tidio_state_bntae8hmhgtix8xqjzere3eskm1vaozo_cache [x2] На чекању Ističe : Persistent Tip : HTML [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] Spisak domena na koje se odnosi vaš pristanak: [#IABV2_TITLE#] Kolačići su male tekstualne datoteke koje mogu koristiti veb sajtovi da učine korisničko iskustvo efikasnijim. Koristimo kolačiće za personalizaciju sadržaja i oglasa, pružanje funkcija društvenih medija i analiziranje saobraćaja. Takođe delimo informacije o tome kako koristite sajt sa partnerima za društvene medije, oglašavanje i analitiku koji mogu da ih kombinuju sa drugim informacijama koje ste im dali ili koje su prikupili na osnovu korišćenja usluga.In accordance with the Cookie Policy, you can change or withdraw your consent at any time through your web browser. Learn more about us, who we are, how you can contact us, and how we process personal data in our Privacy Policy. We store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. We need your consent for all other types of cookies.Ne prodaji i ne deli moje lične podatke Cookiebot by Usercentrics Prodajna mesta Korisnički centar 19900 O nama Privacy policy Povežite se sa nama ©2023 SBB, United Group Member of Adresa korišćenja odabrane usluge Naziv kompanije/preduzetnika* PIB* Matični broj* Opština* ADA ALEKSANDROVAC ALEKSINAC ALIBUNAR APATIN ARANĐELOVAC ARILJE BABUŠNICA BAČ BAČKA PALANKA BAČKA TOPOLA BAČKI PETROVAC BAJINA BAŠTA BATOČINA BEČEJ BELA CRKVA BELA PALANKA BEOČIN BEOGRAD BLACE BOGATIĆ BOJNIK BOLJEVAC BOR BOSILEGRAD BRUS BUJANOVAC ČAČAK ČAJETINA ĆIĆEVAC ČOKA CRNA TRAVA ĆUPRIJA DEČANI DESPOTOVAC DIMITROVGRAD DOLJEVAC GADŽIN HAN GNJILANE GOLUBAC GORA GORNJI MILANOVAC INĐIJA IRIG ISTOK IVANJICA JAGODINA KANJIŽA KIKINDA KLADOVO KLINA KNIĆ KNJAŽEVAC KOCELJEVA KOSJERIĆ KOSOVO POLJE KOSOVSKA KAMENICA KOSOVSKA MITROVICA KOVAČICA KOVIN KRAGUJEVAC KRALJEVO KRUPANJ KRUŠEVAC KUČEVO KULA KURŠUMLIJA LAJKOVAC LAPOVO LEBANE LEPOSAVIĆ LESKOVAC LIPLJAN LJIG LJUBOVIJA LOZNICA LUČANI MAJDANPEK MALI IĐOŠ MALI ZVORNIK MALO CRNIĆE MEDVEĐA MEROŠINA MIONICA NEGOTIN NIŠ NOVA CRNJA NOVA VAROŠ NOVI BEČEJ NOVI KNEŽEVAC NOVI PAZAR NOVI SAD NOVO BRDO OBILIĆ ODŽACI OPOVO ORAHOVAC OSEČINA PANČEVO PARAĆIN PEĆ PEĆINCI PETROVAC NA MLAVI PIROT PLANDIŠTE POŽAREVAC POŽEGA PREŠEVO PRIBOJ PRIJEPOLJE PRIŠTINA PRIZREN PROKUPLJE RAČA RAŠKA RAŽANJ REKOVAC RUMA ŠABAC SEČANJ SENTA ŠID SJENICA SMEDEREVO SMEDEREVSKA PALANKA SOKOBANJA SOMBOR SRBICA SRBOBRAN SREMSKA MITROVICA SREMSKI KARLOVCI STARA PAZOVA ŠTRPCE SUBOTICA SURDULICA SVILAJNAC SVRLJIG TEMERIN TITEL TOPOLA TRGOVIŠTE TRSTENIK TUTIN UB UROŠEVAC UŽICE VALJEVO VARVARIN VELIKA PLANA VELIKO GRADIŠTE VITINA VLADIČIN HAN VLADIMIRCI HAIRS CROW WILLOW VRNJACKA BANJA VRŠAC VUCITRN FROG FROGS ZAGUBICA ZAEČAR HABITAT GRAIN PRODUCTION ZRENJANIN ZUBIN brook RANGING Settlement* Street name* House number* Contact information Name Surname Contact telephone E-mail* Note Send Dear, Thank you for contacting us.Your message has been sent successfully. We will answer you as soon as possible. Best regards The number below the channel logo represents the channel position. Starter pack The number below the channel logo represents the channel position. Starter pack The number below the channel logo represents the channel position. Starter pack GIGA cities Belgrade Novi Sad Subotica Gornji Milanovac Pančevo Kragujevac Niš Paraćin Sombor Leskovac Valjevo Uzice Zrenjanin Vršac Kruševac Kraljevo Pirot Požarevac Kostolac Vrnjačka Banja Trstenik Novi Pazar Sremska Mitrovica Vrbas Kikinda Bor Čačak Šabac Knjaževac Majdanpek Ivanjica Arilje KulaTerms of use for Exchange Mail Hosting service Definition of terms Duration "Authorized User" means anyone who is authorized by the Provider to use the service. "Provider" is company SBB d.o.o, Bulevar Peka Dapčevića 19, 11010 Belgrade, Serbia. "Contract" means this Agreement or the terms of use and online form for ordering services through which the user agrees to the terms of use. "User" and "Provider" mean persons listed in the form and everyone who appears in SBB with the authorization from that person. "Internet" means global network for data transfer which consists of networks that are interconnected by TCP/IP protocol. "Service" means services of domain name registration, web hosting, e-mail, as well as any other services related to these or support services provided by SBB. "Basic monthly fee per mailbox" means standard fee per mailbox, as it is stated in pricelist. "Storage space" means total space used for all mailboxes and public folders for a particular account. "Account" means the user of service. This can be one or more mailboxes and usernames. "User Administrator" means one user per account who is authorized to access Control Panel in order to modify or cancel the service. This Contract becomes effective on the date of completing online registration and shall be effective until terminated in accordance with this Contract. Service providing  SBB shall provide services in accordance with the terms of this Contract.  SBB reserves the right to periodically change the technical service specification or suspend service due to maintenance or an emergency situation.  User is responsible for ensuring appropriate hardware and software, as well as telecommunication equipment and services necessary to access and use SBB services. This Contract does not include provision of telecommunication services necessary to access the service or Internet.  User is responsible for all actions and omissions of all authorized users of the service. Also, the User is responsible for any violation of rules and terms and conditions of this Contract made by any authorized user. Security  User is responsible for safety and proper use of all user names and passwords used for SBB services (including the regular password change) and must take all appropriate actions to ensure confidentiality, security, proper use and avoid disclosure to unauthorized persons.  User must immediately notify SBB should there be any reason to believe that the username or password has become or may become known to anyone who is not authorized to use it or may use it illegally.  SBB reserves the right to suspend username and password for service access should there be any reason to believe that there has been or may be a breach of security.  SBB reserves the right to, at its sole discretion, requests from User to change any or every password related to the service.  User must immediately notify SBB about each and every change of user information in comparison to the one received at the time of service registration. Use of Service  Service cannot be used by the user or authorized user as follows: falsely, for a crime or illegally in any other way; to send, receive, upload, download, use or reuse of any information or material that is offensive, inappropriate, defamatory or threatening, or in violation with trust, copy rights, trade marks, patents, privacy or any other right; to cause discomfort, inconvenience, or unnecessary anxiety; for deliberate or reckless transmission of electronic material (including viruses) through services which shall or may cause any damage of any degree to computing systems of SBB or any other Internet user; to send or provide unwanted advertising or promotional material, or to receive responses to any unwanted advertising or promotional material sent or used through the service by any third person or anything contrary to the acceptable use policies for connected networks.  User cannot use any username or nickname which violates rights of any person or entity in accordance with the relevant trademark or name. SBB reserves the right to request the change of username or nickname and to either refuse to provide or suspend the service should there be, at SBB's sole discretion, a reasonable grounds to believe that the username or nickname have been or may be used for dishonest, offensive, defamatory, or inappropriate purposes, or that it violates the intellectual property rights of any person or entity. If the User, authorized user or any other person, with or without user permission, has used services contrary to the above mentioned items, SBB can consider that to be material breach of this Contract and demand compensation. Should SBB determine that the User is using services for bulk e-mail distribution and/or uses excessive bandwidth for bulk e-mail distribution, SBB reserves the right to: immediately suspend the account and the User must get written permission from SBB to send new e-mails impose extra charges for excessive use of bandwidth terminate the contract should the violation repeat. Space allocation The size of mailbox is not limited by default. Administrator can limit individual mailboxes using Control Panel. The total space of User is the sum of space used for individual mailboxes and folders on that account. Therefore, the account with 10 mailboxes has 10x4GB (40GB) of total space by default.  Users who wish to increase the total space during the invoicing period shall be proportionally charged in the next invoice. Thus, if the User pays the service for 6 months and if s/he wants to increase the storage space after the first month, s/he will receive an invoice for additional space until the end of a 6-month-period. Data migration If SBB is performing the migration of existing user information to Exchange accounts, the administration service can be additionally charged. This will be decided on case by case basis, so contact us for more details. If it is decided that this service should be charged, after careful consideration, it will be charged according to our usual rate and the actual time our Exchange system administrators have spent on planning and migrating data.  User will receive fixed offer for migration based on abovementioned prices which will be presented by the seller for a particular account. The official approval of this service is necessary from the authorized person for this Account before the migration can start.  User will always get free advices about performing migration on their own. Payment Terms and Conditions  User hereby agrees to pay for all provided services according to SBB's current prices listed in the pricelist. SBB can periodically change the prices and it will notify all Users by e-mail (the e-mail will be sent to the account administrator).  User hereby agrees to pay SBB within 7 days from the day s/he receives an invoice for additional expenses accrued during previous month.  User acknowledges that the account shall not be activated and no actions shall be taken regarding additional services until SBB receives the payment.  New mailboxes will be created by account administrator using Control Panel and will be subject to payment for minimum 30 days. If the User wants to decrease the number of mailboxes below the number listed in the initial order form, SBB must be notified about it 30 days in advance, in written form or by fax on the memo authorized for that account. Compensation of Damages  User hereby agrees to compensate all the damages and to protect SBB from any claim from the third person resulting from use of services or user in terms of all losses, costs, actions, claims, damages, expenses (including legal expenses) or liabilities which have occurred in SBB due to breach or violation of this Contract by the User.  User is obliged to pay all expenses, damages, awards, compensations (including reasonable legal expenses) and verdicts against SBB, which arise from the above mentioned claims, and to notify SBB about such claim, and give SBB full power to defend itself, negotiate or resolve such claims and provide full assistance at User's cost. This Article shall remain effective for three years after the Contract termination date. Confidentiality  SBB will keep confidential all information it receives from the User during registration of service or by any other means based on this Contract and shall not disclose such information to any other person (except its employees, contractors or professional advisors, i.e. associates of SBB who are required to know such information) without User's consent. This Article shall not be applied to: any information which was disclosed in any other way, but breach of the Contract; information that the receiver has legally obtained in terms of this Contract; information received from third person who is authorized to disclose such information; information that the Party must disclose, and if the Party doesn't do so, such disclosure can be legally requested, or information that was provided by SBB in anonymous, non-personal form before disclosure. This Article shall remain effective for two years after the Contract termination date. Limitation of Liability  SBB shall provide the service of the highest level of quality with reasonable guarantees. It is technically impossible to provide the service fault-free and SBB cannot guarantee that either. But, SBB will put maximum effort to resolve reported problems as soon as possible.  SBB takes unlimited responsibility for personal damages caused by negligence. SBB shall not be responsible to the User, in terms of this Contract, or delict (including negligence) or in any other way directly or indirectly for profit losses, business or expected savings, nor any other indirect or consequential losses or damages, or for data destruction.  SBB's responsibility towards the User in terms of this Contract, delict (including negligence) or in any other manner is limited to the amount the User has paid for services for a twelve-month period.  SBB excludes liability of any kind in respect of any material on the Internet, which can be accessed using the service and shall not be responsible in any way for any goods (including software) or third-party-services which are advertised, sold or in any other way available on the Internet.  SBB is not responsible toward the User in terms of this Contract, delict (including negligence) or for any other actions or omissions of other providers of telecommunication and Internet services (including domain name registration) or faults and problems of their equipment.  Each provision of this Contract, excluding or limiting liability, is a separate provision. Should any part be considered unreasonable or non- applicable by the Court, other provisions shall remain effective. Situations beyond SBB's control If SBB fails to fulfill its obligations in terms of this Contract due to situations beyond its control, such as lightning, flood, extremely difficult weather conditions, fire, explosion, war, revolution, industrial strikes (no matter if its employees are included or not), or any enactments of local or central government, or any other competent body, or any event beyond reasonable control of SBB's providers, SBB shall not be considered liable for such failure. Domain Names  User acknowledges and guarantees that s/he is the owner, i.e. properly authorized by the owner, to use any mark or name requested as the user name.  User acknowledges that SBB cannot guarantee that every name requested by the User shall be available or approved.  SBB reserves the right to ask the User to choose a different name and may suspend the service if, at SBB's sole discretion, there are reasonable grounds for SBB to believe that the User's current choice of name is, or may be, contrary to provisions of this Contract or Law. If the service includes the registration of Internet domain name the User accepts and agrees with the following:  SBB doesn't claim nor guarantees that every domain name used by the user or for him/her shall be available for registration or that by doing so, the rights of a third person shall not be infringed. Thus, the User should not take any actions regarding domain name until s/he is notified that the requested domain name is registered and SBB shall not take responsibility for such actions taken by the User.  Domain name registration and its use by the User are subject to the terms and conditions set by the relevant bodies and the User hereby obliges to SBB that s/he will comply with such terms and conditions. User hereby irrevocably waives any claims s/he may have against SBB for any decisions made by the above mentioned body which refuses to register domain name and, without any limitation, the User acknowledges and accepts that the refunds for domain name registration shall be given at sole discretion of SBB's management.  SBB shall take no responsibility for the use of domain name by the User and any dispute between the User and a third party about domain name must be resolved between interested parties and SBB shall take no part in such dispute. SBB reserves the right to suspend or cancel particular services at its sole discretion, should it become aware of such disputes, and/or to forward such information to the appropriate body, should SBB deem that as necessary.  Each IP address SBB assigns to the User shall remain solely in SBB's possession and the User shall have nontransferable permission to use that address for the duration of the Contract. Should this Contract be terminated for any other reason, the license for IP address shall automatically be terminated and shall no longer be used.  Notwithstanding the above mentioned, User and SBB agree to incorporate the ICANN (Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers) policies for disputes for unique domain names as part of this Contract and that such policies are legally binding for both User and SBB regarding all registration of .com, .net, and org.top domain names of the highest level. Contract Termination  Each Party has the right to terminate the Contract in case the other Party fails to fulfill its obligations in terms of this Contract with 30-day notice in writing sent to the other Party.  Except in case listed in Item 1 of this Article, User has the right to unilaterally terminate the Contract only after the end of the first contracting period, with 90-day notice in writing sent to SBB. Provider reserves the right to unilaterally terminate the Contract at any point in time, with 90-day notice in writing sent to the User. If the daily information flow between the User and the Provider starts to affect the Provider's network and operations of other Provider's customers, and/or if the User's equipment negatively affects equipment of Provider or other customers, Provider shall send the User a Warning that his/her account shall be suspended within 24 hours should the problem not be resolved in meantime. If the User doesn't accept the given instructions within given time period, Provider reserves the right to suspend the service for maximum 10 days, and then unilaterally terminate the Contract without any previous notice if the User in the meantime doesn't establish proper equipment functioning and maintain daily information flow within limits acceptable for the Provider.  Written termination notice in all cases is only letter on company memo, stamped and signed by the authorized person or if the User is an individual with the copy of person's ID. In all cases of Contract termination, regardless of the cause, the User is obliged to pay all outstanding fees in accordance with the provisions of this Contract.  Contract can be terminated and stop being effective at any point in time in case of bankruptcy, liquidation or any other similar procedure which can lead to termination of operations of any of the Parties, or on the date the Party loses its business license. Contract Changes SBB can change terms and conditions of this Contract at any point in time, but must inform the User 30 days in advance. Obligations Neither party can assign or transfer any of its rights and obligations arising from this Contract, without a written consent of other Party. Notifications Communication or notification of Parties about all matters important for execution of this Contract shall be given solely in written form, which includes sending notifications by e-mail and publishing them on the website of the Provider, except in cases of changes of fees, termination notice and changes of terms and conditions of the Contract. It shall be considered that the e-mail notification was delivered to the User on the date the e-mail is sent to the address listed for such purposes. Jurisdiction and applicable law Disputes arising from this Contract the Parties shall resolve peacefully and if they are unable to do so, the competent court is court in Belgrade.