Skip to main content Enable accessibility for visually impaired Open the accessibility menu Open the Accessible Navigation Menu Toggle navigation Measure and evaluate advertising across platforms Connect the dots for CTV across all screens Measure digital audiences for all content types Maximize marketing effectiveness Measure global box office performance Powerful programmatic tools to target cross-platform audiences Understand the value of social media audiences Get a complete view of television audiences Featured State of Digital UK 2023 Contact us Comscore is a recognized global leader in cross-platform measurement of audiences, advertising, and consumer behavior. We employ a number of solutions to measure consumers’ multi-screen activity. Certain privacy laws provide individuals with the right to request access to and/or deletion of the personal information an organization has about them. In some jurisdictions, individuals have additional rights, such as the right to correct, restrict processing of, or opt out of the sale of their personal information. At Comscore, the rights afforded to individuals under privacy laws are collectively known as Data Subject Rights (“DSRs”). To submit a DSR request in relation to personal information processed by Comscore, please fill out the appropriate form(s) linked below depending on your relationship with Comscore. If you were a job applicant, please be sure to fill out the job applicant form in addition to any other form(s) that are relevant for you. You can use the forms linked below to request: access to personal information;deletion of personal information;to correct any errors in personal information;to opt out of sales of personal information, including sharing for targeted advertisingto limit the processing of certain “sensitive” personal information; orother applicable rights related to personal information. Comscore’s DSR Team will follow up with you after you submit the form(s) and, if necessary, will request additional information to verify your identity and complete your request. Due to the nature of the data Comscore collects as well as how data is collected, we need you to complete these forms to allow us to verify your identity before processing your request. More information is available on each form. To exercise other rights that may be available to you under your local laws, please send an email to DSR@comscore.com . Tagging Data One Comscore source of measurement data is web tagging under the ScorecardResearch and VoiceFive brands. Click here to make a DSR request for this data. Panel and Other Data Comscore may have processed your personal information if you participated in a panel, responded to a survey, requested or consented to marketing information, and/or for human resource purposes (i.e., as required to establish, maintain, and terminate the employment relationship). If you believe Comscore may have processed personal information for you under any of these circumstances, click here to make a DSR request. Job Applicant Data If you have previously applied for a job with Comscore and would like to make a DSR request, click here to log into our job application tool from which you can submit a request. Authorized Agents A DSR request may be submitted to Comscore by an “Authorized Agent” (another person or organization acting on your behalf) with the permission of the individual whose personal information Comscore processes. To allow an Authorized Agent to make a DSR request for you, you must submit a signed permission or contact Comscore directly to confirm that you have authorized a specific agent to make a request. In addition, you must still verify your identity directly with Comscore. An Authorized Agent can submit a DSR request for you by using the forms linked above or sending an email to DSR@comscore.com . Requests Using Third-Party Services Comscore takes the security of our systems and data seriously. If you attempt to submit a DSR request using a third-party service that requires Comscore to click on a third-party link or attachment or respond via a third-party portal, we will not be able to respond because we cannot verify the security of the third-party service. If you have provided additional contact information with your request, we will respond to let you know that we cannot process your attempted request for this reason and you can choose to resubmit through another channel. To learn more about the steps we are taking to protect security, please see our Privacy Policy . 2022 Data Subject Rights Request Metrics The table below provides Comscore’s metrics for responding to data subject rights requests in 2022.Request Type Received Responded – Complied in whole or in part Responded – Denied Requests for Access* 90 90 Requests to Delete* 257 257 Requests to Opt-Out of the Sale of Personal Information* 68 68 Mean Days for Substantive Response to Requests in 2022 24 * The numbers reflect all access and deletion requests received by Comscore, not just those from California residents. Data Subject Rights © 2023 Comscore, Inc. © 2023 Comscore, Inc. Empty heading ×ScorecardResearch Privacy Policy Last Updated: June 1, 2023 ScorecardResearch, a service of Full Circle Studies, Inc. and part of the Comscore, Inc. internet ratings and research group, (collectively, “ScorecardResearch”, “we”, “us”, or “our”), measures digital consumption behavior data, which may include information about online activities, and video streaming activities, among other activities, as part of its broad market research efforts. We use this data to create reports on digital consumption behavior and trends, and to provide research and information products to our clients that inform our clients about consumers’ preferences and interests. The information you contribute is used by Comscore, a globally-recognized authority on internet ratings and research, whose data are routinely cited by major media outlets such as The New York Times®, The Wall Street Journal®, and CNN®. The data are extensively relied upon by some of the world’s largest media companies, advertisers and film studios and its strategic partners include the most important players in the TV and digital media and advertising ecosystem. To learn more about Comscore, please see www.comscore.com . This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how we process – or, in other words, use, collect, transmit, store, share, and delete – personal information, empowering you to make an informed decision about how you want to interact with our website, www.scorecardresearch.com (“Website”), our ScorecardResearch Tags, and our market research efforts. The Short Version As further described below, under this Policy we may collect or derive the following categories of information (which may be considered personal information or sensitive personal information under certain laws): personal and online identifiers,Internet or other electronic network activity,general geolocation information (inferred from IP address), or precise geolocation information,inferences drawn from information listed in this Policy about your predicted characteristics and preferences, andother information about you that is linked to personal information. We may collect information about you or your household from third parties as well. For details about our practices, please read this entire Policy. What information is collected and why Information you provide to ScorecardResearch. We may collect personal information that you choose to provide to us. For example, if you contact us through our Website, we may collect personal identifiers (e.g., your name and contact information) as well as any other information that you voluntarily provide to us in order to respond to your inquiry or verify your identity, where necessary. Information collected automatically when you visit our Website. Our Website automatically creates logs regarding your activity on our Website. These logs may identify the features that you use, the actions that you take, and the information that you access while on our Website. The personal information collected from you may include online identifiers (e.g., IP address) and Internet or other electronic network activity including information about your browsing history, operating system, browser type, website preferences, your use of our Website (e.g., time accessed, duration of visit, etc.). We generally use this information in statistical and aggregate formats to assess the effectiveness of our Website and to better understand your priorities and interests. Information collected using ScorecardResearch cookies or similar technologies ("Tags"). ScorecardResearch Tags collect the following information: online identifiers (e.g., cookie identifiers, other hardware or device identifiers, and IP addresses),geolocation inferred from the IP address, andInternet or other electronic network activity including information about your browsing history, operating system, browser type, website preferences, your use of website or application (e.g., time accessed, duration of visit, etc.). The information collected may be processed by us to draw inferences about your predicted characteristics and preferences. ScorecardResearch Tags are used by participating websites and applications, including applications on gaming devices, over-the-top devices; and applications that enable users to stream video or perform other functions (collectively “Publishers”) to collect information about your use of those services. Examples of information we collect include the content that you view on the websites you visit, the applications you use, and the advertisements that are served to you through these websites and applications. Publishers use the ScorecardResearch Tags by deploying the tags on their websites, in the advertisements served on their websites or other websites or incorporating similar technology into their applications.These ScorecardResearch Tags send a message to the ScorecardResearch service that causes a ScorecardResearch cookie to be set or an online identifier to be collected along with information related to the usage of the services provided by the Publisher. For example, if you visit a site that uses ScorecardResearch Tags, the tag will set a cookie on your browser which enables ScorecardResearch to receive a cookie identifier and the website usage information. Comscore, on behalf of ScorecardResearch, combines that information with information from other Publishers and may provide reporting about the demographic composition of the website, unique visitors, or reach of a particular ad campaign. Other information collected by third parties. In addition to collecting information directly, we may also collect categories of personal information listed above about you from third parties and service providers and combine that data with other data that we collect from or about you. These third parties include the following categories of sources, for example: website and application operators, social media platforms, consumer preference reporting companies, credit reporting agencies, information resellers, search engines, email/Internet service providers, television and mobile communication service providers, advertising networks, data analytics providers, and affiliates not under the Comscore brand. For a list of some of our specific partners please click here . Third parties may set a cookie on your computer or device when you visit a participating website, use a participating application, or view an advertisement on participating websites or in participating applications. It may also involve a third party collecting online identifiers associated with your device (e.g., cookie identifiers, other hardware or device identifiers, and IP addresses). We may associate any information obtained from the categories of third parties listed above with information collected by third-party cookies on your computer or device, or any other information we have collected from or about you, using confidential matching procedures. The information that we obtain from other sources may include information about your: online web browsing activities and advertising exposure,television viewing behavior (such as programs that you watch and record, your usage of your set-top box, your consumption of on-demand programming and over-the-top content, and your usage of interactive television applications)interests, andusage of applications, social media platforms, and your usage of your device(s). We use the information that we collect directly from you, through your use of our Website, through ScorecardResearch Tags, and from third parties to operate and improve our business including to produce reports, research and information products that we share with clients. These reports help our clients meet their business goals by providing them with a better understanding of digital consumption behavior, trends and consumer preferences. The information we collect about your Web browsing and your usage of applications may be collected over time and across digital properties, and we may process that information to create possible relationships among different browsers and devices. This information may be provided to clients and third parties to improve their ad campaigns and to use for their own interest-based advertising purposes, where applicable. For more information about interest-based advertising, please click here . Sensitive Personal Information Collected. Some of the personal information described above is considered sensitive personal information under certain U.S. state privacy laws. Applying the definitions in these laws, we collect the following categories of sensitive personal information: Personal information revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, union membership, a mental or physical condition or diagnosis, sex life or sexual orientation, or citizenship or citizenship status. We use the categories of sensitive personal information listed above for the purposes described in this Policy, including some purposes that you have the right to limit as described below. How we share the information we collect Sharing for business purposes. We may provide personal information to all categories of third parties and/or service providers listed in this Policy to improve our products and services and to operate our business.We may share all the categories of information listed in this Policy with other companies including our affiliates, subsidiaries, or parent companies as well as third-party data enrichers, data quality aggregators and providers of data matches services: to operate our products and services or support general operations of business;to integrate the products and services of our business partners;to use third-party cloud services to host our Website, and process and store the information we process about you; andfor any other legitimate business purpose. Sharing for commercial purposes. We may share information collected in this Policy with: our customers, which include, among others, media companies including Google, brands, public relations companies, advertising networks, data analytics providers, distribution partners, and social networks, and marketing and advertising agencies; andjoint industry committees (“JICs”) involved in media audience measurement and research. Under U.S. state privacy laws, these disclosures may qualify as “sales”. To the extent that our business model constitutes a “sale” under state privacy laws, we shared for interest-based advertising and otherwise “sold” the following categories of personal information in the last 12 months: online identifiers, Internet or other electronic network activity information, and inferences drawn from the above. We do not “sell” or share for interest-based advertising any sensitive personal information as defined under U.S. state privacy laws. We “sold” and shared each category to advertising networks, data analytics providers, media platforms, brands, distribution partners, and social networks. Corporate transactions. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, any personal information and data we process from you may become part of the assets we transfer or share in preparation for any such transaction. Any acquirer or successor of ScorecardResearch may continue to process personal information consistent with this Privacy Policy. Compliance and compelled disclosures. We may share personal information: with public authorities to respond to subpoenas, court orders, and other legal process, or as otherwise required by law;to protect the rights, privacy, safety, and property of ScorecardResearch, our customers, our business partners, or others; andto exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims, to enforce our contracts, to investigate, respond to and resolve problems or inquiries (including governmental inquiries), or to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain. How long we keep the information collected We store your information for as long as is reasonably necessary for the purposes listed above or as required by applicable local law. Your choices about your personal information Certain U.S. state and international laws provide individuals with rights related to their personal information. These consumer rights, and the definitions of “personal information” or “personal data” subject to these rights, vary by jurisdiction. Individuals may be able to exercise the following rights, subject to certain exceptions: The right to confirm whether Comscore processes personal information about you;The right to access the categories and specific pieces of personal information collected, used, shared, and sold, and the categories of third parties to whom personal information is sold or shared;The right to correct any errors to personal information;The right to object to the processing of personal information;The right to delete the personal information;The right to opt out of (i) the “sale” of personal information as defined by applicable law or (ii) the sharing of personal information for targeted advertising; The right to limit the processing of certain “sensitive” personal information (or to withdraw consent to such processing), as defined by applicable law; andThe right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of privacy rights in accordance with applicable law. To exercise any of the applicable rights above, please visit our Data Subject Rights Page . You may also contact us by email at DSR@comscore.com , or by phone at 1-833-713-1509. We may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity (e.g., your email address, cookie identifier, machine identifier, and/or device identifier) or understand the scope of your request. However, you will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled. You may designate an authorized agent to exercise your rights by contacting DSR@comscore.com . For Virginia, Connecticut, or Colorado residents, if you have submitted a request that we have not reasonably fulfilled, you may contact us to appeal our decision by sending an email with the subject line “Appeal” to DSR@comscore.com .We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of the above rights. We may, however, offer you certain financial incentives permitted by applicable law as compensation for allowing us to collect, sell, share, or maintain your personal information through your participation in our market research efforts. For information about the number of requests received on an annual basis and additional metrics, please visit our Data Subject Rights Page . Children’s Privacy If ScorecardResearch becomes aware that we are collecting personal information on a website or online service that is directed to children under the age of 13, we will use such personal information only to provide support for the website or online service’s internal operations or our own internal operations, as permitted by law. Interest-based advertising and market research What is interest-based advertising? Interest-based advertising, also known as online behavioral advertising or targeted advertising, allows advertisers to display ads tailored to your individual interests based on how you browse and shop online. We may use third parties and service providers, as discussed in the What information is collected and why section, to collect information for interest-based advertising. This process may involve third parties and services providers using tagging technology, such as a cookie, on your device. These tags may collect data about your Web browsing over time and across digital properties, including information about the possible relationships among different browsers and devices. We adhere to the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Principles in connection to all interest-based advertising activities. The information collected from ScorecardResearch Tags is used for interest-based advertising purposes, where appropriate. ScorecardResearch does not use information collected in the European Union (“EU”) for interest-based advertising services. How do I manage my preferences for interest-based advertising? You may visit www.aboutads.info/choices to learn more about interest-based advertising, to opt out of our collection and transfer of Web browsing information for interest-based advertising purposes, and to opt out of the collection and use of information for this purpose by other companies that participate in industry self-regulation. Additionally, to opt out of our collection and transfer of application usage information for third parties to use for their own interest-based advertising purposes, you can use any controls that are provided for this purpose by the operating system on your mobile device. Please note that opting out will not stop advertising from appearing in your browser or in the applications you use. It may make the ads you see less relevant to your interests. You may also continue to receive interest-based advertising from other companies. What is market research? Market research is an organized effort to gather information about markets and customers. With the use of ScorecardResearch Tags and surveys, Comscore’s market research group collects and analyzes information to provide products and services to companies around the world. This information helps companies better understand and meet the needs of consumers. How do I manage my preferences for market research? To control your level of participation in our market research programs or opt out, click here . By opting out of our market research program, ScorecardResearch Tags will only be able to count your visit to a particular site but not identify your device beyond that count. Additionally, if your mobile device platform offers settings to limit data collection for interest-based advertising, you can use these settings to opt out of participating in our market research programs. What does opting out of market research on your browser do? The browser opt-out mechanisms linked above are cookie based (i.e., a cookie must be on your computer to tell our systems that you have opted out). The cookie-based method does not prevent us from identifying certain events (e.g., when a user visits a website). The method, however, prevents us from associating that event with your browser or otherwise identifying you beyond us merely counting your visit. If you delete, block, or otherwise restrict cookies, this opt-out may not be effective. Additionally, because different computers and different Internet browsers require their own version of the opt-out cookie, you may need to perform this opt-out process on any computers and browsers that you want to be opted-out. Other important information about your personal information Security. We use organizational, technical, and administrative measures to protect your personal information. For an overview of our security measures, click here . Controller of Personal Information. Global privacy laws may differentiate between the controller and processor of personal information.For additional information about Comscore’s role with regards to the processing of personal information, please see https://www.comscore.com/About/Privacy International Visitors and Information Transfers If you visit our Website or participating website or application from locations outside of the United States, please note that any information collected about you provide to us through Tags may be transferred to and processed in countries other than the country from which you used the participating website or application, including the United States (where our central database is operated). Subject to the next paragraph below, please be aware that the United States, and other countries in which your data may be maintained, may have data protection laws that are different from the laws in your country. We take measures to help protect your personal information when it is transferred from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and the United Kingdom to other countries. We may rely on European Commission adequacy decisions about certain countries, as applicable (see here ). Where applicable, we rely on standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission (see here ) in our contracts with third parties that receive information outside the EEA and United Kingdom, or we transfer information on the basis of permissible statutory derogations. For individuals based in the EEA, United Kingdom, or Switzerland, Comscore B.V., Herikerbergweg 280, 1101 CT Amsterdam, the Netherlands, is the controller for personal data collected and processed from website visitors and application users, unless otherwise stated in an application-specific privacy policy. Comscore B.V. is a subsidiary of Comscore, Inc. For more information about our policies on the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”), please click here . Our GDPR Supplemental Policy includes additional information, which complements this Privacy Policy, relating to the processing of ‘personal data’ and the exercise of rights under the GDPR and United Kingdom data protection laws. Changes to our Privacy Policy We reserve the right to modify or update this Policy periodically. If we change our practices with respect to your information, we will notify you by posting a revised Policy on our Website with a ”Last Updated” date and such modified or amended version of this policy shall be effective as to you and your information as of that revision date. We encourage you to revisit this Policy periodically to stay informed about our practices with respect to your information. Authoritative Version. When the text of this Policy is available in multiple languages, the English version is the authoritative version, except where prohibited by applicable law. Contacting ScorecardResearch If you have any concerns, questions, or would just like to better understand our privacy practices, please send an email to privacy@fullcirclestudies.com . If you prefer to contact us by mail, please write to Full Circle Studies, ATTN: Privacy, 11950 Democracy Drive, Reston, VA 20190, USA. © 2023 ScorecardResearch, All Rights Reserved