Last updated: 6 November 2020 At Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., we know how important privacy is to our customers. We created this Knox Privacy Policy to make sure you understand how we collect and use your personal information. Our Privacy Policy at https://account.samsung.com/membership/terms/privacypolicy also applies to your use of Knox. Our Privacy Policy contains more information about how we use your data. It also includes information about how to contact us. Please read our Privacy Policy in addition to this Samsung Knox Privacy Policy. However, this Samsung Knox Privacy Policy shall always prevail over the Privacy Policy in relation to how we use your information for Knox. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? Through Samsung Knox, we obtain and maintain information about you in various ways. Information About Your Use of Knox We will collect information about your use of our Knox through software on your Knox-enabled devices and by other means. We will collect: • Device and app information, such as device identifiers and other unique identifiers, device software version, OS version, device models, application package name, application package version and hash data of the application. • Information about your usage of Knox, including how, when and how often you use your devices and Knox. Samsung’s servers will receive information when you interact with Knox, such as information about your use of Knox and your interactions with Knox. • With your separate consent, application logs to identify and diagnose errors with Knox. We will explain more in detail on the types of data collected and used in the separate consent. We also may collect other information about you, your devices and apps and your use of Knox in ways that we describe to you at the time of collection or otherwise with your consent. HOW DO WE USE YOUR INFORMATION? We use the information collected for the following purposes: • register and authenticate you or your device for Knox activation and manage Knox licences; • provide Knox framework and its features and services; • respond to your requests, enquiries and instructions made through or about Knox; • operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing new products, enhancing and improving our products and the services; managing our communications; analysing our products, customer base and services; conducting market research; performing data analytics; and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions); • analyse our products and services to help us better understand our customers in order to offer the most relevant communications, services and experiences to you; • provide software updates, maintenance services and support for Knox; • comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies, including this Samsung Knox Privacy Policy and the Privacy Policy; • protect the rights, property or safety of Samsung Electronics, or any of our affiliates, business partners or customers. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH? We will disclose your information internally within our business and to the following entities, but only for the purposes described above. • Affiliates: other Samsung Electronics Group companies which we control or own; • Business partners: partners who we work together with to provide you with Samsung Knox. These business partners control and manage your personal information; • Service providers: carefully selected companies that provide services for or on behalf of us, such as cloud platform providers who maintain data on our behalf. These providers are also committed to protecting your information; • Other parties when required by law or as necessary to protect Knox: for example, it may be necessary by law, legal process or court order from governmental authorities to disclose your information. They may also seek your information from us for the purposes of law enforcement, national security, anti-terrorism or other issues that are related to public security; • Other parties in connection with corporate transactions: we may disclose your information to a third party as part of a merger or transfer, acquisition or sale or in the event of bankruptcy; and • Other parties with your consent or at your direction: in addition to the disclosures described in this Samsung Knox Privacy Policy, we may share information about you with third parties when you separately consent to or request such sharing. UPDATES TO THIS SAMSUNG KNOX PRIVACY POLICY This Samsung Knox Privacy Policy may be updated to let you know about changes in how we collect and process your information in Knox or changes in related laws. The date when the document was last updated is shown at the top of this Samsung Knox Privacy Policy.Last updated: November 6, 2020 Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd., along with our affiliates and subsidiaries (collectively, “Samsung”), respect your concerns about privacy. This Samsung Knox Privacy Policy applies to the personal information we obtain through Knox products and services (collectively, “Knox”). It does not apply to information collected by other apps, websites, or services provided by Samsung. This Samsung Knox Privacy Policy provides information about how we may collect, use and share your personal information in connection with Knox. The Samsung Privacy Policy for the U.S. at https://account.samsung.com/membership/terms/privacypolicy (“Privacy Policy”) also applies to your use of Knox and should be read in conjunction with this Samsung Knox Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy provides additional information about our personal information practices, including how to contact us. In the event any portion of this Samsung Knox Privacy Policy conflicts with the Privacy Policy the relevant provisions of this Samsung Knox Privacy Policywill govern. Information We Obtain Through Knox, we may obtain information about you in various ways. Information About Your Use of Knox We may collect information about your use of our Knox through software on your devices and by other means. We may collect: • Device and App Information, such as device identifiers and other unique identifiers, device software version, OS version, device models, application package name, application package version, and hash data of the application. • Information about your usage of Knox, including how, when and how often you use your devices and Knox. Samsung’s servers will receive information when you interact with Knox, such as information about your use of Knox and your interactions with Knox. • With your separate consent, application logs to identify and diagnose errors with Knox. We will explain more in detail on the types of data collected and used in the separate consent. We also may collect other information about you, your devices and apps, and your use of Knox in ways that we describe to you at the time of collection or otherwise with your consent. We may use third-party analytics services, such as Google Analytics. The information we obtain may be disclosed to or collected directly by these providers and other relevant third parties who use the information, for example, to evaluate use of Knox and to help administer Knox. To learn more about Google Analytics, please visit https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ . How We Use the Information We Obtain We may use the information we obtain through Knox: • register and authenticate you or your device for Knox activation and manage Knox licenses; • provide Knox framework and its features and services; • respond to your requests, inquiries, and instructions made through or about Knox; • operate, evaluate and improve our business (including developing new products, enhancing and improving our products and the services; managing our communications; analyzing our products, customer base and services; conducting market research; performing data analytics; and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions); • analyze our products and services to help us better understand our customers in order to offer the most relevant communications, services and experiences to you; • provide software updates, maintenance services, and support for Knox; • comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies, including this Samsung Knox Privacy Policy and the Privacy Policy; • protect the rights, property, or safety of Samsung Electronics, or any of our affiliates, business partners, or customers. Information Sharing We may share your personal information with our subsidiaries and affiliates and with service providers who perform services for us, such as cloud platform providers who maintain data on our behalf. We do not authorize our service providers to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements. In addition, we may share your personal information with our business partners who operate apps and services that connect with Knox. We may share personal information we collect through Knox if you ask us to do so or otherwise with your consent.We also may disclose information about you in other circumstances, including (1) if we are required to do so by law or legal process, or to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights, (2) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual fraudulent or illegal activity, (3) in the event we may or do sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a merger, acquisition, joint venture, reorganization, divestiture, dissolution or liquidation); or (4) otherwise with your consent or at your request. Children's Personal Information Knox is designed for a general audience and is not directed to children. Knox does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will promptly delete that information. If you believe that a child under age 13 may have provided us with personal information, please contact us as specified in the How to Contact Us section of the Privacy Policy. Updates to This Samsung Knox Privacy Policy This Samsung Knox Privacy Policy may be updated periodically to reflect changes in our personal information practices with respect to Knox or changes in the applicable law. We will indicate at the top of this Samsung Knox Privacy Policy when it was most recently updated. CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY STATEMENT - SUPPLEMENT Effective: November 1, 2020 This California Consumer Privacy Statement for Knox (the “Statement”) supplements the Samsung Knox Privacy Policy. It applies solely to Knox users who are California residents. In the event of a conflict between this Statement and the Samsung Knox Privacy Policy (or the Samsung Privacy Policy for the U.S. (including without limitation the California Consumer Privacy Statement therein)) this Statement shall prevail. This Statement uses certain terms that have the meaning given to them in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and its implementing regulations (the “CCPA”). Notice of Collection and Use of Personal Information We may collect the following categories of personal information about you: • Identifiers: identifiers such as device identifiers and other unique identifiers (such as online identifiers) • Online Activity: Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, information regarding your interaction with applications We may use the categories of personal information listed above for the purposes described in the Samsung Knox Privacy Policy. In addition, we may use these categories of personal information for certain business purposes specified in the CCPA, as described below: • performing services, including maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing or fulfilling orders and transactions, verifying customer information, providing analytics services, or providing similar services; • detecting security incidents, protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and prosecuting those responsible for that activity; • debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality; • undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration; and • undertaking activities to verify or maintain the quality or safety of a service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us, and to improve, upgrade, or enhance the service or device that is owned, manufactured, manufactured for, or controlled by us. Our Prior Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Information We may have collected and used your personal information, as described above, during the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Statement. For the personal information collected during that timeframe, we describe below: (a) the categories of sources from which we may have obtained the personal information, (b) the categories of third parties with whom we may have shared the information, (c) the categories of personal information we may have sold, and (d) the categories of personal information we may have disclosed for a business purpose. Sources of Personal Information We may have obtained personal information about you from various sources, including: • from you or your devices, for example, through your use of the services; • our affiliates and subsidiaries; Sharing of Personal Information We may have shared your personal information with certain categories of third parties, including: • our affiliates and subsidiaries; • vendors who provide services on our behalf; • our business partners; • data analytics providers; and • government entities. Sale of Personal Information We do not sell personal information.Disclosure of Personal Information for a Business Purpose We may have disclosed to third parties the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: • Identifiers • Online Activity California Consumer Privacy Rights You have certain choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal information, as described below. Access : You may have the right to request, twice in a 12-month period, that we disclose to you the personal information we have collected, used, disclosed and sold about you during the past 12 months. Deletion : You have the right to request that we delete certain personal information we have collected from you. Opt-Out of Sale : California law provides consumers with the right to opt-out of the sale of personal information. We do not sell consumers’ personal information. Shine the Light Request : You also may have the right to request that we provide you with (1) a list of certain categories of personal information we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year and (2) the identity of those third parties. How to Submit a Request : To submit an access or deletion request to Samsung Account, click here https://www.samsung.com/us/privacy/ccpa/ or call us at 1-800-SAMSUNG (1-800-726-7864). To submit a Shine the Light request, email us at NAPrivacy@sea.samsung.com. To opt-out of the sale of your personal information, click here https://www.samsung.com/us/privacy/ccpa/ or call us at 1 -800-SAMSUNG (1-800-726-7864). Verifying Requests : To help protect your privacy and maintain security, we will take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. If you have a Samsung.com account, we will verify your identity by requiring you to sign in to your account. If you do not have a Samsung.com account, or an email address on file with us, then there is no reasonable method by which we can verify your identity to the level of certainty required by the CCPA. This is because historically Samsung has not linked device identifiers or advertising IDs to named actual persons. Accordingly, if you do not have an account with us, or an email address on file, and you request access to or deletion of your personal information, we will not be able to process your request at this time. Additional Information: If you choose to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, you have the right to not receive discriminatory treatment by us. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as the "Company") values the User’s personal information and is attempting to comply with laws and regulations related to personal information such as the Personal Information Protection Act. The Company will inform the User of the purpose and methods regarding how the personal information received from the User will be used and what measures will be taken to protect the User’s personal information through the Company’s Privacy Policy. 0. General Provisions “Personal information” refers to information about a living individual that can identify a specific individual by name, resident registration number, image, etc. (including information that can be easily combined with other information to identify a specific individual even if the individual cannot be identified with the information alone). To ensure that the User can easily access this Privacy Policy at any time, the Company shall disclose it on the main page screen of https://www2.samsungknox.com/ko/device-privacy-policy-korea_ko or in the Samsung Knox Privacy Policy in the Settings menu of the device. The Company has procedures established that are required for revision to continuously improve the Privacy Policy. In addition, in the event that the Privacy Policy is revised, a version number, etc. will be assigned to allow the User to easily recognize the revised items. This policy will take effect on December 1, 2020, and any revisions will be announced on the website (or individually notified via writing, email, phone, SMS, etc.). 1. The User’s Rights and How They Can Be Exercised (1) The User may request at any time to view, correct, delete, suspend processing, or withdraw consent for the following matters at any time regarding his/her own registered personal information. - Personal information the company possesses: Samsung Knox license key, terminal information (encrypted IMEI, model name, OS version, log, etc.), activated Knox SDK-related information, service usage status, etc. (refer to “3. Items for Personal Information Collection and Methods of Collection” for details) - The current status of the Company’s use of personal information or provision to a third party: Samsung Knox activation, Samsung Knox license management, and collection and use of personal information for product and service improvement/analysis through device registration (refer to “4. Purpose of Collecting and Using Personal Information” for details) - The current status of the User’s consent to the collection, use, provision, etc. of personal information by the Company: Consent to the collection and use of personal information, etc. when the service is first activated, (refer to “3. Items for Personal Information Collection and Methods of Collection” and “4. Purpose of Collecting and Using Personal Information” for details) To do this, please use the main phone number (1588-3366), or contact the person in charge of privacy protection in writing, by email, or by phone. The Company may refuse a request to view, correct, or delete all or part of the personal information in the following cases. - When access is prohibited or restricted by law - When it may cause harm to the life or body of others or unduly infringe upon the property and other interests of others (2) If the User requests correction of an error in personal information, the Company shall not use the personal information or provide it to a third party until the correction is completed. In addition, if the personal information containing errors has already been provided to a third party, the third party shall be notified of the corrected information without delay. The Company shall process personal information deleted or suspended at the request of the User or the legal representative in accordance with “6. Retention and Usage Period of Personal Information” and shall not be allowed to view or use the personal information for any other purposes. The User must enter their accurate and up-to-date personal information. The User is responsible for any accidents that occur due to inaccurate information entered, and if the User enters false information, such as information stolen from others, membership privileges may be lost. The User has the right to have their personal information protected and also have the obligation to protect themselves and not to infringe upon the information of others. Please be careful not to leak the User’s personal information such as the password and be careful not to damage the personal information of others such as posts. If the User fails to fulfill such responsibilities and damages the information and/or the reputation of others, the User may be subjected to punishment under the Act on Promotion of Information and Communications Network Utilization and Information Protection, etc., or other laws. 2.Privacy Officer and Customer Support Department To protect the User’s personal information and handle complaints related to personal information, the Company has designated departments and officers in charge of personal information protection as follows: (1) Customer Support Department Customer Support Department: B2B Development Group, Mobile Communications Business Division, Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. Telephone: 1588-3366 Contact Info: support@samsungknox.com (2) Personal Information Protection Officer and Personal Information Protection Department Privacy Officer: Head of Privacy Office Personal Information Protection Department: Personal Information Protection Office Telephone: 1588-4730 Contact Info: privacy.sec@samsung.com (3) Other Institutions The User may report all complaints related to the protection of personal information that occurred while using the Company’s services to the personal information protection officer or the department in charge. The Company will respond to User’s report quickly and sufficiently. If the User needs to report or receive consultation regarding other personal information infringements, please contact the following organizations. - Personal Information Infringement Report Center ( https://privacy.kisa.or.kr / 118 without area code) - Cybercrimes Investigation Division, Forensic Science Investigation Department, Supreme Prosecutors’ Office ( http://cybercid.spo.go.kr / 1301 without area code) - National Police Agency Cyber Bureau ( http://cyberbureau.police.go.kr / 182 without area code) 3. Items of Personal Information to Be Collected and Methods of Collection (1) Items for Personal Information Collection The Company collects the following information from the User when signing up or using the services for the first time. - Required items: ① Data for device registration and license management: Samsung Knox license key, IMEI, Serial Number or ADB Number, model name and description of the mobile device, terminal OS version/build number, MCC (mobile country code), MNC (mobile network code), country ISO code, CSC code (customer software configuration), client time zone, Knox SDK version, Knox SDK API usage time/frequency, B2B application package name/version/hash data using Knox SDK ② Data for product and service improvement and analysis: Samsung Knox container ID/status/activation time/number of logins, login history, Knox resettable ID (generated with an arbitrary value), service application status, device configuration information settings results and time - Optional items: Knox Service App log information ※ The Company does not collect sensitive information that may significantly infringe upon the User’s privacy (ideology, beliefs, membership of or withdrawal from unions or political parties, political opinions, information about health and sex life, etc.). (2) Methods of Personal Information Collection The Company collects personal information in the following ways. - When using the Knox service, personal information is collected through the automatic collection device installed in the terminal. - Registration by client companies, etc. that manage the terminals to use the Knox service ※ The Company has a procedure in place to allow the User to select “Agree” or “Disagree” for each part of the Company’s consent to collection and use of personal information. 4. Purposes of Collecting and Using Personal Information The Company uses the personal information collected for the following purposes: ① Device registration and license management: Product license verification, activation, and management ② Product and service improvements and analysis: Product and service improvements, statistics, or demographic analysis ③ Error analysis and improvement if the Service does not operate normally 5. Provision of Personal Information to Third Parties In principle, the Company does not provide the User’s personal information to third parties. However, exceptions may be made in the following cases: - When legally required, when requested by an investigative agency for the purpose of investigation in accordance with the procedures and methods prescribed by the law - When necessary for billing for paid services that were provided - In the event that information is provided after being processed in a form from which a specific individual cannot be identified for the purpose of statistical preparation, academic research, and market research - When the User consented in advance The User’s consent must be obtained prior to the User’s personal information, in addition to the listed content, being shared with and/or provided to a third party. 6. Personal Information Retention and Usage Period In principle, the Company destroys personal information without delay after the purposes for which the personal information was collected and used are achieved.The specific retention period is as follows: - Device registration and license management data: 5 years after license expiration - Product and service improvement, analysis data: 5 years after termination of service use - Log information of the Knox Service app: Immediately destroyed or one month after the goal is achieved However, if it is necessary to preserve personal information in accordance with the regulations of the related laws, the Company shall retain the personal information for a certain period of time specified by the related laws as follows. In this case, the company will move the information to a separate database (DB) or store it in another location. ① Records related to contracts or subscription withdrawal (5 years) - the Act on the Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce, etc. ② Records related to payments and the supply of goods (5 years) - the Act on the Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce, etc. ③ Records related to the handling of consumer complaints or disputes (3 years) - the Act on the Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce, etc. ④ Records related to the collection/handling, and use of credit information (3 years) - the Credit Information Use and Protection Act ⑤ Records related to labeling/advertising (6 months) - the Act on the Consumer Protection in Electronic Commerce, etc. ⑥ User’s log records for internet, etc./location tracking data (3 months) - Protection of Communications Secrets Act ⑦ Other data for communication verification (12 months) - Protection of Communications Secrets Act 7. Procedure and Method of Destroying Personal Information The procedure and method of destroying personal information are as follows. (1) Destruction Procedure After the purpose of the User’s personal information is achieved, the information shall be moved to a separate DB (separate filing cabinet in the case of paper) to be stored for a certain period of time and destroyed according to the reasons for information protection under internal policies and other relevant laws (Refer to “6. Retention and Usage Period of Personal Information”). Personal information transferred to a separate DB will not be used for purposes other than retention unless otherwise required by law. (2) Destruction Method The Company will delete saved personal information in an electronic file format by using a technical method that makes it impossible for records to be restored. Personal information printed on paper shall be destroyed by shredding or incineration. 8. Consignment and Overseas Transfer of Personal Information (1) Consignment of Personal Information The Company shall consign the processing of personal information to an external specialized company as follows only if it is necessary for the provision of services. In the event that the Company entrusts the handling of personal information to a third party, the Company shall define clearly the duty to strictly comply with the instructions related to personal information protection, confidentiality obligations regarding personal information, prohibition of provision to a third party and liability in the event of an accident, duty to return or destroy personal information after the entrustment period and termination of processing, etc., and the Company shall supervise the entrustment company to ensure that the entrustment company safely handles the personal information. In the event that the content of work for the consignment company or the entrustment company are changed, the Company shall announce such changes on their website (or individually provide notification regarding these changes in writing, email, phone, SMS, etc.). ① Amazon Web Services Inc.: Cloud service provider (used as Knox licensed server) ② Samsung R&D Institute Philippines: Operation of Knox license server ③ SiDi (Brazil): Knox license server, Analytics server development and Knox service statistics and usage analysis ④ Samsung R&D Institute Canada - Vancouver: Operation of Knox license server and analysis of Knox service statistics and usage ⑤ Samsung Research America: Knox Service Statistics and Usage Analysis In addition, some personal information is consigned to and stored by overseas agencies to provide the service and to enhance convenience for the User.(2) Overseas Transfer 1) Amazon Web Services Inc.,( https://aws.amazon.com/compliance/contact/ ① Items to be transferred: All collected data (refer to “3.(1) Collecting personal information” for details) ② Transferred countries / Dates and methods: Ireland / Transmit through network immediately upon collection ③ Purpose of use of the recipient: Operation of Knox license server and information backup ④ Period of retention/use: Retain until the purpose for which personal information is collected and used is achieved 2) Samsung R&D Institute Philippines ( knox.srph.support@samsung.com ) ① Items to be transferred: All collected data (refer to “3.(1) Collecting personal information” for details) ② Transferred countries / Dates and methods: Philippines / Transmit through network immediately upon collection ③ Purpose of use of the recipient: Knox License Server Hosting ④ Period of retention/use: Retain until the purpose for which personal information is collected and used is achieved 3) SiDi ( knox.license@samsung.com ) ① Items to be transferred: All collected data (refer to “3.(1) Collecting personal information” for details) ② Transferred countries / Dates and methods: Brazil / Transmit through network immediately upon collection ③ Purpose of use, retention/usage period of the recipient: Develop and troubleshoot Knox license servers, analytics servers ④ Period of retention/use: Retain until the purpose for which personal information is collected and used is achieved 4) Samsung R&D Institute Canada – Vancouver ( cl.ops@samsung.com ) ① Items to be transferred: All collected data (refer to “3.(1) Collecting personal information” for details) ② Transferred countries / Dates and methods: Canada / Transmit through network immediately upon collection ③ Purpose of use, retention/usage period of the recipient: Knox licensing server hosting and Knox service statistics and usage analysis ④ Period of retention/use: Retain until the purpose for which personal information is collected and used is achieved 5) Samsung Research America ① Items to be transferred: All collected data (refer to “3.(1) Collecting personal information” for details) ② Transferred countries / Dates and methods: USA / Transmit through network immediately upon collection ③ Purpose of use, retention/usage period of the recipient: Knox service statistics and usage analysis, etc. ④ Period of retention/use: Retain until the purpose for which personal information is collected and used is achieved 9. Policies for Processing Other Personal Information (1) Technical and Administrative Measures to Protect Personal Information The Company shall take the following technical and administrative measures to ensure the safety of the User’s personal information so that it is not lost, stolen, leaked, altered or damaged during processing. - Establishment and implementation of an internal management plan ᆞEstablish and implement an internal management plan to safely process personal information. ᆞVerify the implementation of personal information protection measures and the compliance of the person in charge of tasks through the Company’s personal information protection organization, etc., and take immediate measures to correct any issues found. - Installation and operation of the access control system ᆞUnauthorized external access is controlled by using an intrusion prevention system, and in addition, efforts are made to obtain all of the possible technological devices to ensure security in the system. - Measures to prevent forgery and alteration of access records ᆞRetain and manage records of access to the personal information processing system, and use security features to prevent access records from being forged or tampered with. - Encryption of personal information ᆞThe User’s personal information is protected by a password, and the information is encrypted or uses a file lock function when stored. In addition, the data being transmitted is encrypted, and critical data is protected by separate security features. - Measures to prevent hacking ᆞUse the anti-virus programs to prevent damage caused by malignant viruses. Anti-virus programs are updated periodically, and if a virus suddenly appears, an applicable anti-virus program is provided immediately upon release to prevent infringement of personal information. ᆞA secure socket layer (SSL), an encryption transmission method that can safely transmit personal information on the network, is adopted. ᆞAn intrusion prevention system and vulnerability analysis system are implemented for each server in preparation for external intrusions such as hacking to ensure security. ᆞPersonal information and general data are not stored together; they are stored separately on separate servers.- Minimization and training of employees handling personal information ᆞThe right to access the User’s personal information shall be restricted to people who directly work with the User to perform marketing tasks, people who perform personal information management tasks such as those in charge of personal information protection and people in charge of personal information management, and other people who must inevitably handle personal information for work. ᆞRegular internal training and external consignment training on new security technologies and the duty to protect personal information shall be conducted for employees who handle personal information. ᆞWhen joining the company, all employees must fill out a security pledge to prevent personal information leakage. In addition, internal procedures are in place to audit the implementation of personal information protection measures and the compliance of employees. ᆞThe transfer of duties by the personal information handler will take place under strict security, and responsibilities pertaining to personal information-related incidents after joining and leaving the company will be clarified. ᆞThe computer room and data storage room are designated as special restricted areas to control access. (2) Policy on Providing Links The Company may provide the User with links to other companies’ websites or materials, and the User may use products and services developed by third parties through Samsung Services (for example, downloading applications developed by a third party from the Samsung Galaxy Store, etc.). In such cases, the Company shall not be held responsible or guarantee the usefulness of the products, services, or materials provided by the third party as the Company has no control over the third party's sites, materials, products, or services. When redirected to another website after clicking on a link provided by the Company, the privacy policy of that site is unrelated to the Company. Please review the policy of the newly visited site. (3) Transmission of Advertising Information The Company shall not transmit advertising information for commercial purposes without the User’s prior consent. Privacy Policy Version Number: [v1.6] Privacy Policy Effective Date: [November] [6], [2020]