Français Select Page Français Welcome to Sharethrough’s Privacy Center Sharethrough Privacy Policy— We are Committed to Providing a Transparent & Engaging Experience Across our Digital Platforms We at Sharethrough believe the internet is a place where the fundamental right to privacy should be protected and everyone has a role to play in protecting it. We believe such protection is achieved through transparency and communication. This is why we have prepared a series of policies and other documents to help you better understand the actions we take as an actor of the Adtech industry to ensure the protection of personal data. On this page, you will find our User Privacy Notice, Corporate Privacy Notice, Website Privacy Notice, and Candidate Privacy Notice. You will also be able to access, delete, or opt-out of the processing of your personal data. Please review the links under the Privacy Notice for users to achieve a comprehensive overview of our data processing activities. We trust these documents will help you better understand the way we interact with personal data and how we operate within the Ad Tech industry. User Privacy Notice This Sharethrough Privacy Notice for Users describes the information we may collect from you when you visit the digital properties of our clients across the web, and on mobile or video-programming applications. Website Privacy Notice This Website Privacy Notice describes the types of information we may process about you when you visit our websites. Candidate Privacy Notice This Candidate Privacy Notice describes the types of information we may process about you during the recruitment process with Sharethrough. Corporate Privacy Notice This Corporate Privacy Notice describes the information we may collect from you when you work with us in a business capacity as our client and/or use our proprietary client-facing programmatic advertising applications. We at Sharethrough believe the internet is a place where a right as fundamental as the right to privacy should be protected and we believe everyone has a role to play in protecting it. Privacy Center Contact us Français