Privacy Privacy Info The new European privacy law “General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)” comes into effect on May 25th, 2018.We have updated our Privacy Notice to reflect SharpStream's commitment to GDPR which outlines how we collect, use and store your information and covers your rights and the measures we take to safeguard your privacy. The updated Privacy Notice will come into effect on May 25, 2018. By continuing to use SharpStream after May 25, 2018, you do so under the new terms and policies.Here you can find all our updated polices, procedures and notices relevant to the privacy and protection of your data. We have also set up an email address where you can contact us with inquiries related to GDPR, data protection or privacy: privacy [@] sharp-stream.com. We care about our customers and suppliers a great deal and are deeply committed to protecting your privacy and respecting your data. We hope these updates demonstrate that commitment and make your SharpStream experience even better. Cookie Policy We use cookies and similar technologies to recognise you when you visit our Services. A cookie is a small file placed onto your device that enables SharpStream features and functionality. Any browser visiting our sites may receive cookies from us. If you’re signed into SharpStream, these cookies help us show you the right information and personalise your experience in line with your settings. For example, cookies enable SharpStream to identify you and verify your account.Please visit our Cookie Policy for additional information. Downloads Privacy Notice In order for SharpStream to deliver an effective service, at times we need to collect and use your personal data. This notice outlines the types of data we use as well as how and why we will use it. Consent Procedure This procedure has been developed to enable effective management of consent for certain types of processing of personal data, ensuring you have a clear choice when providing your personal information to us. Retention of Records This procedure has been developed to ensure effective retention of records in line with the relevant data protection laws and regulations. We will only retain the specific data required for processing, and will only retain this data for as long as is necessary to serve its specific purpose. Right To Be Forgotten This procedure has been developed to enable effective responses to requests to realise the right to erasure, or the ‘Right to be Forgotten’ Right To Portability This procedure has been developed to enable effective responses to requests to realise the ‘Right to Portability’. This refers to the transfer of personal data we hold to other organisations, or us receiving personal data, both at your request as the Data Subject. Right To Rectification This procedure has been developed to enable effective responses to requests to realise the 'Right to Rectification'. Data Breach Procedure This procedure has been developed to enable effective response to personal data breaches in line with the GDPR, ensuring our response time and effectiveness are aligned with GDPR standards. Data Protection Policy We are committed to the protection of your rights as individuals whose personal data we collect and process as part of delivering our services/products. We have developed this policy so we can describe in simple terms how we do this in line with all relevant laws and regulations. Get In Touch If you have any queries, please get in touch by clicking the button below.