Privacy Notice Shopbop Privacy Notice Last Updated : July 15, 2023. To see prior version, click here: Prior Shopbop Privacy Notice . We know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. BOP, LLC and its affiliates (“Shopbop”) are subsidiaries of Amazon.com, Inc. The collection and processing of your personal information through Shopbop.com and any related services (together, the “Services”) are subject to the Amazon.com Privacy Notice (the “Amazon Notice”), except as stated in this Shopbop Privacy Notice. By visiting or using Shopbop.com related Services, you are accepting the practices described in the Amazon Notice (as supplemented and modified by this Shopbop Privacy Notice) (together, the “Shopbop Privacy Notice”). E-mail By providing Shopbop your e-mail address you consent to us sending you Service-related notices, including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication by postal mail. We may also use your e-mail address to send you other messages, such as newsletters, changes to features, or special offers (“Other Messages”). If you do not want to receive Other Messages, you may opt out by changing your e-mail preference settings in the “Email Preferences” section of Shopbop.com after you have signed in using your personal password. Opting out may prevent you from receiving e-mail messages regarding updates, improvements, or offers. Cookies and Other Identifiers To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide and improve the Service, we use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our Cookies Notice . Advertising We use your personal information to display personalized advertising (such as cross-context behavioral advertising) for features, products, and services that might be of interest to you. We do not use information which on its own identifies you, such as name or e-mail address, to serve personalized ads. To learn more, please read our Interest Based Ads notice . You may adjust your personalized advertising preferences by visiting Your Ads Privacy Choices . Additional State-Specific Privacy Disclosures Click here to read additional disclosures required under the Additional State-Specific Privacy Disclosures. Additional State-Specific Privacy Disclosures Last Updated : July 15, 2023. This additional state-specific privacy disclosure page (“Disclosure”) supplements the Shopbop Privacy Notice and is effective as of June 30, 2023. The Shopbop Privacy Notice describes the personal information that we collect, the sources from which we collect it, the purposes for which we use it, the limited circumstances under which we share personal information, and with whom we share it. These additional disclosures, which serve as a Notice at Collection under the California Privacy Rights Act, are required by the California Consumer Privacy Act, Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act: Categories of personal information collected. The personal information that Shopbop collects, or has collected from consumers in the twelve months prior to the effective date of this Disclosure, fall into the following categories established by the California Consumer Privacy Act, depending on which Shopbop Service is used:identifiers such as your name, alias/nickname, address, phone numbers, device ID, IP address, your Shopbop account log-in information or your Amazon account log-in information; personal information, such as a credit card number or other payment information;information that may reveal age, gender, race, sexual orientation, or other protected classifications, for example if you choose to provide such information as part of a survey;commercial information, such as purchase activity;internet or other electronic network activity information, including content interaction information, such as clicks and scroll depth, geolocation data, such as the location of your device or computer; professional information, for example data you may provide about your business if you are a Vendor;audio information, such as voice recordings when you call our Customer Service; andinference data, such as information about your purchase preferences. Categories of personal information disclosed for a business purpose.The personal information that Shopbop disclosed to the third parties identified in the “Does Amazon Share Your Personal Information” section of the Amazon Privacy Notice about consumers for a business purpose in the twelve months prior to the effective date of this Disclosure falls into the following categories established by the California Consumer Privacy Act, depending on which Shopbop Service is used: identifiers such as your name, address, or phone numbers, for example if we use a third party carrier to deliver your order or if we use a third party service to verify your identity;personal information, such as a credit card number, or other payment information, for example if we use a third party payment processor;information that may reveal age, gender, race, sexual orientation, or other protected classifications, for example if you choose to participate in a survey distributed by a survey provider; commercial information, such as the details of a product or service you purchased if a third party service provider is assisting to provide that product or service to you;geolocation datainternet or other electronic network activity information, such as if we use a service provider to help us gather crash reports for analyzing the health of our devices and services; andaudio information, for example if a service provider reviews recordings of customer service phone calls for quality assurance purposes. Advertising. Shopbop shares limited information to help ensure you receive more useful and relevant Shopbop ads and to measure their effectiveness. Any personal information Shopbop may have shared for the purpose of cross-context behavioral advertising, as that term is defined by the California Privacy Rights Act, in the twelve months prior to the effective date of this Disclosure falls into the following categories:identifiers such as a cookie, a device identifier, or a code derived from applying irreversible cryptography to other information like an email address; we never share your name or other information that directly identifies you. internet or other electronic network activity information, such as whether you downloaded an app or other measures of ad effectiveness; for example, if you have already downloaded our app, we will share an advertising identifier and data about that event so that you will not be served an ad to download the app again. We provide ad companies with information that allows them to serve you with more useful and relevant Shopbop ads and to measure their effectiveness. We never share your name or other information that directly identifies you when we do this. Instead, we use an advertising identifier like a cookie, a device identifier, or a code derived from applying irreversible cryptography to other information like an email address. For example, we may use cookie identifiers to serve an ad that displays a product you viewed on site. Some ad companies also use this information to serve you relevant ads from other advertisers. Shopbop also processes personal information for the purposes of targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. Your Data Rights: You may have certain data rights under state privacy laws, including to request information about the collection of your personal information by Shopbop, to access your personal information in a portable format, and to correct or delete your personal information. If you wish to do any of these things, please contact Customer Service or email us at privacy@shopbop.com . Additionally, you may have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal data for targeted advertising, as defined by the Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, or the sharing of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising, as defined by the California Privacy Rights Act. To do so, please visit Your Ads Privacy Choices . If you enact the Global Privacy Control (GPC) opt-out signal on your browser, we will honor your opt-out preference accordingly. Shopbop does not knowingly share data of Customers under 18 years-old. You may also have the right to appeal the denial of any of these rights by submitting a form that will be provided to you if we deny a data request. Depending on your data choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable. To ensure the security of your Shopbop account, we will generally ask you to verify your request using the contact information you have already provided. If you do not have an account, or if you are an authorized agent under applicable state law, please contact Customer Service or email us at privacy@shopbop.com . No sale of personal information. In the twelve months prior to the effective date of this Disclosure, Shopbop has not sold any personal information of consumers, as those terms are defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act.California Privacy Rights Act Sensitive Personal Information Disclosure. The categories of data that Shopbop collects and discloses for a business purpose include “sensitive personal information” as defined under the California Privacy Rights Act. Shopbop does not use or disclose sensitive personal information for any purpose not expressly permitted by the California Privacy Rights Act. California Privacy Rights Act Retention Disclosure. We keep your personal information to enable your continued use of the Services, for as long as it is required in order to fulfill the relevant purposes described in the Shopbop Privacy Notice , as permitted or as may be required by law, or as otherwise communicated to you. For example, we retain your transaction history so that you can review past purchases (and repeat orders, if desired) and what addresses you have shipped orders to, and to improve the relevance of products and content we recommend. California Privacy Rights Act Non-discrimination Statement. Shopbop will not discriminate against any consumer for exercising their rights under the California Privacy Rights Act. California Privacy Rights Act, Colorado Privacy Act, Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Utah Consumer Privacy Act, and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act De-identified Data Disclosure. Shopbop may use de-identified data in some instances. Shopbop either maintains such data without attempting to re-identify it or treats such data as personal data subject to applicable law. Colorado Privacy Act Profiling Disclosure. Shopbop does not engage in profiling of consumers in furtherance of automated decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, as those terms are defined under the Colorado Privacy Act. If you have any questions as to how we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at privacy@shopbop.com . Cookies Notice We use cookies, pixels, and other technologies (collectively, "cookies") to recognize your browser or device, learn more about your interests, and provide you with essential features and services and for additional purposes, including: Recognizing you when you sign-in to use our services. This allows us to provide you with product recommendations, display personalized content, and provide other customized features and services. Keeping track of your specified preferences. This allows us to honor your preferences, such as whether or not you would like to see interest-based ads. You may set your preferences through your “My Account” page and the Your Ads Privacy Choices page. Keeping track of items stored in your shopping basket. Conducting research and diagnostics to improve Shopbop’s content, products, and services. Preventing fraudulent activity. Improving security. Delivering content, including ads, relevant to your interests on Shopbop.com and third-party sites (see the Interest-Based Ads notice for how we use cookies in serving interest-based ads). Reporting. This allows us to measure and analyze the performance of our services. Shopbop’s cookies allow you to take advantage of some of Shopbop’s essential features. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you may not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any Shopbop products and services that require you to sign in. Approved third parties may also set cookies when you interact with Shopbop services. Third parties include search engines, providers of measurement and analytics services, social media networks and advertising companies. Third parties use cookies in the process of delivering content, including ads relevant to your interests, to measure the effectiveness of their ads, and to perform services on behalf of Shopbop. You can manage browser cookies through your browser settings. The 'Help' feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, how to block cookies, and when cookies will expire. If you block all cookies on your browser, neither we nor third parties will transfer cookies to your browser. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some features and services may not work. Shopbop Interest-Based Ads Notice Interest-Based Ads Interest-based ads are sometimes referred to as personalized or targeted ads. We show interest-based ads to display features, products, and services that might be of interest to you. In providing interest-based ads, we follow the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising developed by the Digital Advertising Alliance (a coalition of marketing, online advertising, and consumer advocacy organizations). What sort of information do we use to show interest-based ads? To serve you interest-based ads, we use information such as your interactions with our sites, content, or services.We do not use information which on its own identifies you, such as name or e-mail address, to serve interest-based ads. As is common in the advertising industry, we use cookies, pixels, and other technologies (collectively, “cookies”), which enable us to understand the effectiveness of the interest-based ads we show you by measuring what ads are clicked or viewed, and to provide you with more useful and relevant ads. For example, if we know what ads are shown to your browser we can be careful not to show the same ads repeatedly. See our Privacy Notice for more information about the types of information that we gather. How do we work with third parties to show you interest-based ads? We work with third parties, such as advertisers, publishers, social media networks, search engines, ad serving companies, and advertising companies working on their behalf, to improve the relevance of ads we serve. In providing you interest-based ads we do not associate your interactions on unaffiliated sites with information which on its own identifies you, such as name or email address, and we do not provide any such information to advertisers or to third-party sites that display our interest-based ads. Advertisers and other third parties may assume that users who interact with or click on an interest-based ad or content are part of the group that the ad or content is directed towards (for example, users in a particular geographical area or users who purchased or browsed for classical music). Some third-parties may provide us pseudonymized information about you (such as demographic information or sites where you have been shown ads) from offline and online sources that we may use to provide you more relevant and useful advertising. Third party advertisers or advertising companies working on their behalf sometimes use cookies in the process of delivering content, including ads, directly to your browser or device, and they may automatically receive an IP address when this happens. They may also use cookies to measure the effectiveness of their ads, show you more relevant advertising content, and perform services on behalf of Shopbop. For information on how to control and delete cookies (including third party cookies) please visit our Cookies Notice . Advertising Preferences Shopbop serves interest-based ads through third party ad networks. Shopbop offers you choices about receiving interest-based ads from us. You can choose not to receive interest-based ads from Shopbop. You will still see ads but they will not be based on your interests. Please visit the Your Ads Privacy Choices page to learn how to set your preferences. You can also generally opt out of receiving personalized ads from third party advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt out pages on the NAI website and DAA website. Shopbop About UsCareersAffiliatesGift CardsGet Amazon Prime Benefits Help Return PolicyShipping OptionsContact Us Personalize My AccountMy LoyaltyMy HeartsMy Wish ListMy DesignersMy ReviewsShopping Preferences Connect Get the AppTikTokInstagramFacebookPinterestSign up for Shopbop emails SHOPBOP HELP PERSONALIZE CONNECT © 1999-2023 BOP LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Notice Conditions of Use Cookies & Privacy We use operational cookies to improve your experience with personalized ads and content, as detailed in our Privacy Policy .