Radio PalomaPremium RadiosM1.FMAdvertisingProductionSamplingSampling Radio PalomaSampling for other stations / Submit SampleContactRadio PalomaPremium RadiosM1.FMAdvertisingProductionSamplingSampling Radio Paloma Sampling for other stations / Submit SampleContact . We are aware of the importance of the processing of personal data for you as a listener and accordingly observe all relevant legal requirements. The protection of your privacy is of the utmost importance to us. The processing of your personal data by us takes place in compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation and the national data protection regulations. Name and contact details of the person responsible Silvacast GmbH Grolmanstraße 40 10623 Berlin Email: kontakt@silvacast. com Telephone: 030 88 00 10 200 Managing director authorized to represent: Thomas Ulrich Contact details of the data protection officer: datenschutz@silvacast.com Processing operations We collect and process the following personal data about you: Personal master data: title, salutation/gender, first name, surname, date of birth, address data: street, house number, any additional addresses, postal code, City, countryContact data: telephone number(s), fax number(s), e-mail address(es)Access data: date and time of visit to our service; referrers; retrieved file; Internet protocol address used (IP address), browser type and version Purposes of processing We and the providers we use process your data for the following purposes: Providers can collect information such as B. Store and retrieve cookies and device identifiers on the device for the processing purposes displayed to the user. For the selection of simple ads, providers can: use real-time information about the context in which the ad is displayed, including information about the content environment as well as the device used, e.g. B. device type and capabilities, browser identifier, URL, IP address; use a user's approximate location data; control the frequency of ad impressions control the order of ad impressions; prevent an ad from being displayed in an unsuitable editorial environment (brand-unsafe). Vendors must not: Use this information to create a personalized ads profile for future ad selection without having their own legal basis for creating a personalized ads profile. Note: "Approximate" means that only a rough location determination with a radius of at least 500 meters is allowed. To create a personalized ads profile, providers may:Collect information about a user, including their activities, interests, visits to websites or applications, demographic information, or location to create a user profile for ads personalization create or edit. Combine this information with other previously collected information, including websites and apps, to create or edit a user profile for use in personalized advertising. To select personalized ads, providers may select personalized ads based on a user profile or other historical usage data, including past activity, interests, website visits or application use, location, or demographic information To create content profiles, providers may: Collect information about a user, including their activities, interests, visits to websites or applications, demographic information, or location in order to create or edit a user profile for content personalization . Combine this information with other information previously collected, including from websites and apps, to create or edit a user profile to personalize content. In order to select personalized content, providers may provide personalized content based on a user profile or other historical usage data, including the previous activities, interests, visits to websites or use of applications, location or demographic information.To measure ad performance, providers may: measure whether and how ads were served to a user and how they interacted with them; provide reports on ads, including their effectiveness and performance; reports on how users interact with ads based on data measured over the course of the user's interaction with that ad; provide reports to service providers about the ads served on their services; measure whether an ad is displayed in an inappropriate editorial environment (brand-unsafe); determine the percentage at which the ad could have been seen, including the duration (advertising chance). Vendors must not: Use audience data collected through survey panels or similar techniques in conjunction with ad measurement data without having a proper legal basis for using market research to generate audience insights. To measure content performance, vendors may: measure and report on how content was delivered to users and how they interacted with it; provide reports on directly measurable or already known information about users who interacted with the content. Vendors may not: measure whether and how ads (including native ads) were served to a user and how they interacted with them; use audience data collected through survey panels or similar methods, together with content measurement data, without a separate legal basis for doing so Having the use of market research to gain insights about audiences. When using market research to gain insights about audiences, providers may: provide advertisers or their representatives with aggregated reports about the audiences reached by their ads and which ones are based on survey panels or similar methods; provide aggregated reports for service providers about the audiences reached by and/or interacting with the content and/or advertisements on their Services, as determined through survey panels or similar methods; assign offline data to an online user for market research purposes in order to gain insights into target groups, insofar as providers have declared that they will compare and merge offline data sources (further processing option 1). Providers must not: measure the performance and effectiveness of ads served to or interacted with by a particular user without having a proper legal basis for measuring ad performance; measure what content was served to a particular user and how it interacted with them, without having their own legal basis for measuring content performance. To develop and improve products, providers may:Use information to improve their existing products with new features and to develop new products; create new calculation models and algorithms with the help of machine learning. Vendors must not: perform any data processing as defined in any of the other processing purposes. To ensure security, prevent fraud, and troubleshoot errors, vendors may: ensure data is transmitted securely; detect harmful, fraudulent, invalid, or illegal activity; and prevent; ensure the correct and efficient operation of systems and processes - including monitoring and improving the performance of systems and processes - within the permitted processing purposes. Providers may not: Carry out data processing that is defined in one of the other processing purposes. Note: Data collected and used to ensure security, prevent fraud and troubleshoot errors may include automatically sent device characteristics for identification, precise geolocation data and data obtained through active device scanning. Characteristics for identification without separate disclosure and/or opt-in.To provide informational data and respond to technical requests, vendors may: use a user's IP address to serve an ad across the web; respond to a user's interaction with an ad by directing the user to a landing page; the use a user's IP address to deliver content over the Internet; respond to a user's interaction with content by redirecting the user to a landing page; Use information about the type of device and its capabilities to display ads or content, such as: B. to provide advertising material or video files in the correct size and in a format supported by the device. Providers may not: Carry out data processing that is defined in one of the other processing purposes. Providers can combine data collected offline with data collected online in order to use them for one or more processing purposes or special processing purposes. Providers can:deterministically determine that two or more devices belong to the same user or household;probabilistically determine that two or more devices belong to the same user or household; Actively query device properties for probabilistic identification if users have allowed providers to actively query device properties. (Special processing option 2). Providers can: use an identifier using automatically transmitted device characteristics such as IP address or browser identifier; use such an identifier to try to recognize a device. Providers must not: From data resulting from the active query of certain properties of a device - e.g. installed fonts or screen resolution, create an identifier; use such an identifier to re-identify a device. Providers may process precise location data in order to use it for one or more processing purposes. Note: “Precise location data” means that there are no restrictions as to the accuracy of the location; this can be accurate to within a few meters. Providers can: From data obtained from actively querying certain properties of a device - e.g. such as installed fonts or screen resolution, create an identifier; use such identifier to re-identify a device. Legal basis for data processing Your data is processed on the following legal basis: your consent in accordance with Article 6 Paragraph 1 lit. a GDPR, for the implementation of a contract with you in accordance with Article 6 Paragraph 1 lit Article 6(1)(c) GDPR or from a legitimate interest pursuant to Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Legitimate interests If we base the processing of your personal data on legitimate interests within the meaning of Article 6 Paragraph 1 lit. Data sources We receive the data from you (including about the devices you use). If we do not collect the personal data directly from you, we will also inform you of the source from which the personal data originates and, if applicable, whether it originates from publicly accessible sources. Recipients or categories of recipients of personal data When processing your data, we work together with the following service providers who have access to your data: providers of web analysis tools, providers of advertising services, providers of market research services, providers of web hosting. Data is transferred to third countries outside the European Union. If a service provider is based outside the European Economic Area in a country that does not offer an adequate level of data protection, there is a risk that your data will be processed by authorities for monitoring purposes without you being entitled to legal remedies. We have therefore concluded standard data protection clauses with the relevant service providers to ensure an appropriate level of data protection, which you can view on request. Storage period We only store your personal data for as long as is necessary to achieve the purpose of processing or storage is subject to a statutory retention period.We store your data if you have consented to the processing, at most until you revoke your consent, if we need the data to implement a contract, at most as long as the contractual relationship with you exists or statutory retention periods are in effect, if we store the data on the Based on a legitimate interest, use at most as long as your interest in deletion or anonymization does not prevail. Your rights You have the right - sometimes under certain conditions - to request information about the processing of your data free of charge and to receive a copy of your personal data. You can request information, among other things, about the purposes of the processing, the categories of personal data that are processed, the recipients of the data (if they are passed on), the duration of storage or the criteria for determining the duration; your data should your personal If the data is incomplete, you have the right to complete the data, taking into account the processing purposes; to have your data deleted or blocked. Reasons for the existence of a deletion/blocking claim may be, among other things, the revocation of the consent on which the processing is based, the data subject objects to the processing, the personal data was processed unlawfully; to have the processing restricted; to the processing of your data object;Your consent to the processing of your data for the future. You can do this at any time via our consent management platform. To access our consent management platform, click here; complain to the competent supervisory authority about inadmissible data processing. If this is not expressly stated during the collection, the provision of data is not necessary or obligatory. Such an obligation can result from legal requirements or contractual regulations. Further information on data protection Log files Every time our Internet pages are accessed, usage data is transmitted by the respective Internet browser and stored in log files, the so-called server log files. The data records stored in this way contain the following data: domain from which the user accesses the website, date and time of retrieval, IP address of the accessing computer, website(s) that the user visits as part of the offer, amount of data transferred, Browser type and version, operating system used, name of the internet service provider, notification of whether the retrieval was successful. These log file data records are evaluated in an anonymous form in order to improve the offer and make it more user-friendly, to find and correct errors and to control server utilization. RMSi We work together with RMSi Radio Marketing Service interactive GmbH, Moorfuhrtweg 17, 22301 Hamburg, Germany. RMSi enables us to display and broadcast interest-based advertising. Online identifiers (such as IP address, cookie ID, Mobile Advertising ID (MAID) and the “Listener ID” generated from them) as well as location data (with GPS precision), pseudonymised socio-demographic data (age group, gender, interests), access data such as Date and time of visit to the website, referrer URL, browser type and version and frequency of ad views. The specific processing purposes of the personal data are the purposes 1, 3, 7, 11,13, 15-17 listed above under Purposes. The data processing, in particular the setting of cookies, takes place with your consent on the basis of Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent up to the revocation. The only legal basis for setting technically necessary cookies and functional or performance cookies for purpose 11 is our legitimate interest in the reliable provision of our online offer in accordance with Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. You can find more information at: https://rms.de/datenschutz AdsWizz We use AdsWizz, a service of AdsWizz Inc., 210 S. Ellsworth Avenue #1689, San Mateo, CA 94401, USA. AdsWizz serves us to play out interest-based digital advertising and to analyze it. User agent, online identifiers (such as IP address, cookie ID, Mobile Advertising ID (MAID) and “Listener ID” generated from them) and location data (with GPS precision) are processed. Usage data is also stored and used for analysis purposes.This includes: number of impressions, number of clicks, number of exposed users, percentage of ad content rendered, and type of response to specific ads. The specific processing purposes of the personal data are the purposes 1-17 listed above under Purposes. Data processing, in particular the setting of certain cookies, is generally carried out with your consent on the basis of Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent up to the revocation. The only legal basis for setting technically necessary cookies and functional or performance cookies for purpose 11 is our legitimate interest in the reliable provision of our online offer in accordance with Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. For more information, see: https://www.adswizz.com/our-privacy-policy/ Smart We use Smart, a service provided by Smart AdServer GmbH, Mehringdamm 33, 10961 Berlin, Germany, Germany. Smart serves us as an AdServer and integrated SSP to display interest-based or location-based advertising and to create aggregated statistics (e.g. to understand the effectiveness of an online advertising campaign). IP address, cookie information (e.g. browser ID), technical information about the device (e.g. browser and operating system), information about the geographic location of the device, pseudonymous ID of target group segmentation, information about other identifiers assigned to the device (IDFA , AAID), information about the activity of the user on the device, including websites and mobile apps visited or used. The specific processing purposes of the personal data are the purposes 1, 2, 4, 7, 11, 12, 15 and 16 listed above under Purposes. The data processing, in particular the setting of cookies, takes place with your consent on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent up to the revocation. You can find more information at: https://smartadserver.com/end-user-privacy-policy/ Emetriq We use Emetriq, a service provided by emetriq GmbH, Vorsetz 35, 20459 Hamburg, Germany. Emetriq is used by us to broadcast interest-based advertising. Cookie ID, IDFA or AdID, technical parameters of the browser (e.g. browser ID, operating system, screen resolution, device classes, device manufacturer), surfing behavior on partner sites or in partner apps, in the form of URL and referrer URL, keywords are processed , possibly customer data (advertising clicks, customer status, etc.) as well as data from surveys, which are displayed to randomly selected users. The specific processing purposes of the personal data are the purposes 1-9 and 12-14 listed above under Purposes. The data processing, in particular the setting of cookies, takes place with your consent on the basis of Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent up to the revocation. You can find more information at: https://www.emetriq.com/datenschutz/ Roq.ad We use Roq.ad, a service provided by Roq.ad GmbH, Taubenstraße 26, 10117 Berlin, Germany. Roq.ad serves us as a cross-device technology for the cross-device analysis of the user's interests. Cookie ID, user agent, hashed IP address, visited URL, browser language, referrer URL are processed. The specific processing purposes of the personal data are the purposes 1-4, 7, 10 and 14-16 listed above under Purposes. The data processing, in particular the setting of cookies, takes place with your consent on the basis of Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent up to the revocation. You can find more information at: https://roq.ad/privacy-policy Adsquare We use Adsquare, a service of adsquare GmbH, Saarbrücker Str. 36 10405 Berlin, Germany. Adsquare serves as our Audience Management Platform (“AMP”). Mobile advertising ID, location data (latitude, longitude), date and time of access to the customer's and/or partner's digital offerings, cookie information and target group segments are processed. The specific processing purposes of the personal data are the purposes 16-17 listed above under Purposes. The data processing, in particular the setting of cookies, takes place with your consent on the basis of Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR.You can revoke your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent up to the revocation. For more information, visit: https://www.adsquare.com/privacy/ a ​​million ads We use a million ads, a service provided by A Million Ads Ltd., 64 New Cavendish Street, London, W1G 8TB, United Kingdom. A million ads helps us to better understand the interests of users. IP address, information about the end device, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, login preferences, device location, the weather at this location, interactions with the service or the website or other socio-demographic data. The specific processing purposes of the personal data are the purposes 1-4, 7, 12 and 16 listed above under purposes of use. The data processing, in particular the setting of cookies, takes place with your consent on the basis of Article 6 Paragraph 1 lit. You can revoke your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent up to the revocation. For more information, visit: https://www.amillionads.com/privacy-policy Instreamatic We use Instreamatic, a service provided by Instreamatic Inc., 600 California St, 11th floor, San Francisco, CA 94108, USA. Instreamatic is used by us to play out audio advertising. Processed are user agent, online identifiers (IP address, cookie ID, Mobile Advertising ID (MAID) and “Listener ID” generated from it), location data (with GPS precision), pseudonymised sociodemographic data (age group, gender, interests) and Information about the advertising media played, including audio recordings of the responses to dialog ads and text versions of these audio recordings. The specific processing purposes of the personal data are the purposes 1-4, 7, 12 and 15 listed above under purposes of use. The data processing, in particular the setting of cookies, takes place with your consent on the basis of Article 6 Paragraph 1 lit. You can revoke your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent up to the revocation. You can find more information at: http://instreamatic.com/privacy-policy/ GfK We use GfK, a service of GfK SE, Sophie-Germain-Strasse 3-5, 90443 Nuremberg, Germany. GfK serves as our Consumer Insights Engine (CIE) for analyzing user behavior and for market research. Internet protocol data such as IP address, access data, type and version of the operating system, the web browser used, installed plug-ins and other technologies of the devices used to access the Internet are processed; Information such as websites, products and services used, device identifiers (mobile advertising ID and cookie IDs). The specific processing purposes of the personal data are the purposes 1, 7-9 and 13 listed above under purposes of use. The data processing, in particular the setting of cookies, takes place with your consent on the basis of Article 6 Paragraph 1 lit. You can revoke your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent up to the revocation. You can find more information at: https://www.gfk.com/de/datenschutzerklaerung Dynata We use Dynata, a service provided by Dynata, LLC, 5800 Tennyson Parkway, Plano, TX 75024, USA. Dynata is used for market analysis. We process information collected through automated means, including IP address, login details, browser type, operating system, referring URLs, information about actions or activities performed on a website, and the date and time of website visits and device identifiers (mobile Advertising ID and cookie IDs). The specific processing purposes of the personal data are the purposes 1, 7, 9, 13 and 14 listed above under purposes of use. The data processing, in particular the setting of cookies, takes place with your consent on the basis of Article 6 Paragraph 1 lit. You can revoke your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent up to the revocation. You can find more information at: https://www.dynata.com/privacy-policy/ Active Agent We use Active Agent, a service provided by ADITION technologies AG, Oststraße 55, 40211 Düsseldorf, Germany. Active Agent serves us as a Demand Side Platform (DSP).Information about the Internet connection (Internet provider, connection speed, latency), the browser (type, version, language and information on how the browser handles cookies), the end device (operating system, language settings, brand, identification numbers of the device, mobile advertising) is processed ID and the IP address of the device), the website / app visited (type and type of website, domain or name of the app, technical information about the website including referrer URL and date and time of access), user behavior on the Website (content that was viewed, viewing time and which apps were used), the advertising material (which advertising material was displayed, whether the advertisement was clicked, the advertiser's website was visited or the advertised app was downloaded), user decisions about processing operations and location information. The specific processing purposes of the personal data are the purposes 1-4, 7 and 9-16 listed above under Purposes. The data processing, in particular the setting of cookies, takes place with your consent on the basis of Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent up to the revocation. You can find more information at: https://www.adition.com/datenschutz-plattform/ Gapfish We use Gapfish, a service provided by Gapfish GmbH, Uhlandstrasse 175, 10719 Berlin, Germany. Gapfish serves as our ad serving & targeting engine. Information about the Internet connection (Internet provider, connection speed, latency), the browser (type, version, language and information on how the browser handles cookies), the end device (operating system, language settings, brand, identification numbers of the device, mobile advertising) is processed ID and the IP address of the device), the website / app visited (type and type of website, domain or name of the app, technical information about the website including referrer URL and date and time of access), user behavior on the Website (content that was viewed, viewing time and which apps were used), the advertising material (which advertising material was displayed, whether the advertisement was clicked, the advertiser's website was visited or the advertised app was downloaded), user decisions about processing operations and location information. The specific processing purposes of the personal data are the purposes 1-4, 7 and 9-16 listed above under Purposes. The data processing, in particular the setting of cookies, takes place with your consent on the basis of Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent up to the revocation. You can find more information at: https://gapfish.com/datenschutzerklarung/ TTD We use TTD, a service provided by The Trade Desk Inc., Global Privacy Office 42 N. Chestnut St., Ventura, CA 93001, USA. TTD is used by us to play audio advertising. Cookie and device identifiers, advertising identifiers for mobile devices, IP address, web browser history of advertisements seen, interest information derived from web browser history, interest information stored and/or used by users and partners, location information and browser and device type, version and settings. The specific processing purposes of the personal data are the purposes 1-4, 7, 10-14 and 16 listed above under purposes of use GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent up to the revocation. You can find more information at: https://www.thetradedesk.com/general/privacy-policy Xandr We use Xandr, a service provided by Xandr Inc., 28 West 23rd Street, Fl 4, New York, NY 10010, USA. Xandr serves as our advertising technology. Browser information (type, language, browser settings and cookie information), device information (operating system version, connection type, device brand, device model, device identifiers such as IDFA or AAID, and IP address), location information (precise location information if location services are activated) are processed activity information (e.g. browsing history, viewing history, search history and information about interaction with the website, app or advertisement, including the time at which the websites or apps were visited or used and activities in-game or online (e.g.videos viewed, websites viewed), inferences derived from platform data or audience segmentation (e.g. individual profiles, preferences, characteristics and behaviours), information about advertisements placed, viewed or clicked on (including the type of advertisement, where the advertisement was placed and whether it was clicked on). , visited the advertiser's website or downloaded the advertiser's app) and information about the internet service (including information about which internet service provider is used). The specific processing purposes of the personal data are the purposes 1-4, 7, 10-12, 14 and 16 listed above under Purposes. The data processing, in particular the setting of cookies, takes place with your consent on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit .a GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent up to the revocation. For more information, visit: https://www.xandr.com/privacy/platform-privacy-policy/ Adobe Advertising Cloud We use Adobe Advertising Cloud, a service provided by Adobe Systems Software Ireland Limited, 4-6 Riverwalk, Citywest Business Campus , Dublin 24, Ireland. Adobe Advertising Cloud serves as our advertising platform with integrated measurement, personalization, content management and advertising solutions. The usage behavior on the websites, apps or social media pages, web browsing activities, the URL of the website via which the user reached the company's website or the web search that was carried out and which the user to the company's website, information about the web browser and device (e.g. device type, browser type, advertising identifier, operating system, connection speed and display settings), the (partial) IP address, location information from the mobile device or web browser, profile information from social Media, information provided by the user on the company's website, app or when interacting with the company's social media pages and success rates of advertising campaigns. The specific processing purposes of the personal data are the purposes 1-4, 7, 10-12 and 15 listed above under purposes of use GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent up to the revocation. You can find more information at: https://www.adobe.com/privacy/experience-cloud.html DV360 We use DV360, a service provided by Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland. DV360 is used for campaign management. App, browser and device data (unique identifiers, type and settings of the browser, type and settings of the device, operating system, information about the mobile network, such as the name of the mobile network provider and phone number and version number of the app), data about the interaction of the apps are processed , browsers and devices using the Services (e.g. IP address, crash reports, system activities and date, time and referrer URL of the request), activity data (search terms, viewed videos, content and advertisements, voice and audio data when using audio functions, purchase activities , people with whom communication or content is exchanged, activity on third-party websites and apps using Google services and Chrome browsing history synced to a Google account), location data (GPS, IP address, device sensor data and Information about objects near the device, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices) and publicly available information. The specific processing purposes of the personal data are the purposes 1-7 and 9-14 listed above under Purposes. The data processing, in particular the setting of cookies, takes place with your consent on the basis of Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent up to the revocation. You can find more information at: https://policies.google.com/privacy MediaMath We use MediaMath, a service provided by MediaMath, Inc., Alice Lincoln, 4 World Trade Center, 45th Floor, New York, NY 10007, USA. MediaMath is used for campaign management. Processed are MediaMath ID (can be a cookie ID, mobile advertising ID or an OTT TV device identifier for advertising), offer request and impression data (e.g. IP address, imprecise location (e.g.country, region, zip code), browser type, operating system, browser language and internet service provider), pixels and other customer data (e.g. time the website is visited, website URL, IP address, browser type, operating system, type of device used and data relating to of activities, hashed personal data, such as hashed email addresses) and third-party segment data and other third-party data (personal data from third-party partners that enable the MediaMath ID to be linked to identifiers of those partners, as well as personal data , which connect different devices with each other), The specific processing purposes of the personal data are the purposes 1-4, 7, 10-16 listed above under Purposes. The data processing, in particular the setting of cookies, takes place with your consent on the basis of Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent up to the revocation. You can find more information at: https://www.mediamath.com/privacy-policy/ TabMo We use TabMo, a service provided by TabMo SAS, 2 rue de Clichy, 75009 Paris, France. TabMo serves as an advertising platform for us. Mobile advertising ID and location data (with GPS position if the user has consented to this) are processed. The specific processing purposes of the personal data are the purposes 1-5, 7, 9-16 listed above under Purposes. The data processing, in particular the setting of cookies, takes place with your consent on the basis of Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent up to the revocation. You can find more information at: http://static.tabmo.io.s3.amazonaws.com/privacy-policy/index.html Adform We use Adform, a service of Adform A/S, Wildersgade 10B, 1st floor, DK- 1408 Copenhagen, Denmark. Adform serves as an advertising platform for us. Cookie ID, Mobile Advertising ID, Cross-Device IDs (a user ID generated by Adform using statistical and probabilistic algorithms to link devices and identifiers belonging to the same user), Partner IDs (Adform exchanges) are processed pseudonymous IDs with partners), information about user interaction with ads and digital content and activity on websites and within mobile apps, including the time of interaction or activity, the Internet addresses involved and the search terms entered into a search engine, type of browser used by a user and its settings, device operating system, IP address and geographic location (city, region, zip code) of the device when accessing a website or mobile app (derived from truncated IP address information or truncated GPS data). The specific processing purposes of the personal data are the purposes 1-4, 7 and 10-14 listed above under Purposes. The data processing, in particular the setting of cookies, takes place with your consent on the basis of Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent up to the revocation. You can find more information at: https://site.adform.com/privacy-center/platform-privacy/product-and-services-privacy-policy/ ISBA We use ISBA, a service provided by ISBA Informatik Service-Gesellschaft mbH, Barmbeker Strasse 4A, 22303 Hamburg, Germany. ISBA is used by us to display user-specific advertising. Online identifiers (such as IP address, cookie ID, Mobile Advertising ID (MAID) and the “Listener ID” generated from them) as well as location data (with GPS precision), pseudonymised socio-demographic data (age group, gender, interests), access data such as Date and time of visit to the website, referrer URL, browser type and version and frequency of ad views. The specific processing purposes of the personal data are the purposes 3, 9, 12 and 15 listed above under purposes of use. The legal basis is our legitimate interest in the display of interest-based advertising in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit ://www.isba.de/ Audiocon We use Audiocon, a service provided by RauteMusik GmbH, Im Mediapark 5, 50670 Cologne, Germany. Audiocon supports us in hosting podcasts and analyzing user data. Log file data in the form of IP address, date, time, requested resource and device ID or user agent are processed. The specific processing purposes of the personal data are the purposes 7 and 8 listed above under Purposes.The legal basis for forwarding the information as to whether you have given us your consent is our legitimate interest in the display of interest-based advertising in accordance with Article 6 (1) (f) GDPR. Further data processing, in particular the setting of certain cookies, takes place with your consent on the basis of Article 6 Paragraph 1 Letter a GDPR. You can revoke your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent up to the revocation. You can find more information at: https://www.rm.fm/service/datenschutz QUANTYOO On the digital offers we use the tracking software from Quantyoo, with the help of which data from various digital offers, those of partners of Quantyoo operated, brought together and processed (“Quantyoo Technology”). Quantyoo's partners are usually radio stations or - 3 - providers of other media offerings and also operate digital offerings, e.g. website(s) and/or apps and/or skills. You can find more information about Quantyoo technology at www.quantyoo.de. If you use the digital offers (e.g. apps) or take part in campaigns (e.g. competitions), we and Quantyoo, if applicable, collect your user data subject to your express consent. The user data can collect the following data in particular: Salutation, surname, first name, address, date of birth, e-mail address and information that you also provide voluntarily (e.g. telephone number, occupation, etc.); IP address, identifier, time of the visit, length of stay, the end device used to access the digital offerings, user behavior on digital offerings, order histories and listener data, stream behavior, "liking" of content; marketing data (e.g. consent, advertising contradictions). We receive some of the user data directly from you, e.g. if you take part in a competition and provide data in this context. In part, we and possibly Quantyoo collect user data about your usage behavior through the use of cookies or other tracking mechanisms. If you have given your consent to this, we will transmit user data that we have collected on the digital offers to Quantyoo. Quantyoo saves this user data and the user data that Quantyoo itself has collected, compares them, including all user data that already exists and/or will exist in the future, and creates user profiles ("user profile(s)"). If you have given your consent to this, Quantyoo processes these user profiles in a shared database and makes them available to us and the partners to whom you have given your consent for the purposes of advertising, market research, product development and marketing. Only those Quantyoo partners will have access to the user data stored about you (including user profiles) to which you have given prior consent. We process the user data collected with the help of the Quantyoo technology for the following purposes: the needs-based design of our digital offers and product development; the control of personalized and/or interest-based advertising for our offers (e.g. information about programs and programs, in particular current events, surveys and competitions) and for offers from our advertising customers in our digital offers (e.g. in-stream advertising); the control of personalized and/or interest-based advertising on the digital offers of third parties (e.g. placing online advertising banners on third-party websites). We, Quantyoo and the Quantyoo partners, to whom you may have given your consent, process your user data as joint controllers (Article 26 GDPR) if you have given us, Quantyoo and the Quantyoo partners express consent. Legal basis for data processing The legal basis for the processing of your user data by the Quantyoo technology is Article 6 Paragraph 1 Letter a) GDPR (consent). Duration of storage We store and process your data collected using the Quantyoo technology for the aforementioned purposes as long as we have your consent. In principle, we delete your data if you revoke your consent or if you have not used the digital offers for more than two years. However, we may continue to store this data to a certain extent for processing purposes for the purpose of designing the digital offerings to meet needs on the basis of a weighing of interests (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f) GDPR). Use of cookies When using the Quantyoo technology and subject to your consent, a "user hash cookie" is set on your end device via our website.This cookie has the purpose of continuously improving the user-friendliness of our website and for the purpose of financing our digital offers and placing online advertising for our or third-party products. The legal basis for the processing of your user data using the "user hash cookie" is your consent in accordance with Article 6 (1) (a) GDPR. After you have given your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. You can revoke your consent at any time in the user center. Status of this data protection declaration March 2021 We reserve the right to change this data protection declaration at any time with effect for the future. Radio PalomaPremium RadiosM1.FMProductionAdvertisingSampling Radio PalomaSampling for other stations / Submit SampleJobsContactTelephone number+49 30 8800101-00E-Mailkontakt@silvacast.comAvailableMonday - Friday from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m.ImprintPrivacy PolicyGTC Advertisement ——— Footer Sitemap Go to Top Radio PalomaPremium RadiosM1.FMAdvertisingProductionSamplingSampling Radio Pal GrandmaSampling for others Sender / Submit SampleContact