Protecting you means protecting your privacy Protecting your privacy isn’t just important. It’s mission critical. That’s why we consider it in every product and service we design. As a company that was born to keep you and your loved ones safe, we’re committed to protecting your privacy just as vigilantly as your home. Privacy by design Privacy protection is embedded in every product and service we create. Here are some of the ways our hardware helps ensure it: Our indoor cameras are engineered with mechanical privacy shutters that audibly click open and closed. LED light indicators let you know when a camera is active or recording.Our outdoor cameras purposefully allow you to set motion zones so that you can exclude areas that you don't want in view.Our cameras allow you to turn off the microphone and audio so sensitive conversations are for your ears only. When it comes to the privacy of your videos, not only are they encrypted, but employees do not have access to them unless to comply with the law or by your specific request. Even if you opt in to features that help us keep your home safer during an alarm event, more security should not mean less privacy. So, when you activate Video Verification and/or 24/7 live guard protection, monitoring agents: Can only view Video Verification recordings for up to one hour after an alarm event before their access is automatically terminated.Can only view 24/7 live guard protection live camera streams during an alarm event for up to 20 minutes.Lose access to recordings and live camera streams if an alarm is canceled. You are in control Fact: collecting and sharing data is a crucial part of the products, services and information that help us protect you. But here’s another fact: it’s your data. So we believe you should control it and have transparency into where and how it’s being used. When you install and use our cameras, you have the ability to disable machine learning features, such as person detection.We will not share your information with law enforcement unless we are required to do so by law.You choose to opt in to Video Verification and 24/7 live guard protection services.You can delete video recordings from your timeline using our mobile app. A mission that's single-minded Protection. It’s why this company was born. While other security companies have become more focused on commercializing your private information, we have not. And will not. We’re here to make every home secure. To protect you and your privacy. Period. Want to learn more? Check out our privacy policy Secured systems built with your privacy in mind from the ground up Security built with your privacy in mind Get offers and security advice You may receive email offers from us in accordance with our Privacy Policy . Current country is: USA © 2022 SimpliSafe, Inc. Find the right system Take a short quiz to get a recommendation. Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Sale of Personal Data Sale of Personal Data Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale of personal information by using this toggle switch. If you opt out we will not be able to offer you personalised ads and will not hand over your personal information to any third parties. Additionally, you may contact our legal department for further clarification about your rights as a California consumer by using this Exercise My Rights link.If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we have to take that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore we would not be able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences. Targeting CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest Switch Label label Switch Label label Switch Label labelSimpliSafe Privacy Policy Last updated: June 1st, 2023 SimpliSafe, Inc. ("SimpliSafe") takes your privacy seriously. We believe in protecting your information as well as your person and belongings. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to describe how SimpliSafe collects, uses and shares information obtained through our call center, home security devices, and online interfaces (e.g. website, including the mobile version, and online chat function) owned and controlled by us, including www.simplisafe.com (collectively referred to herein as the “Site”) or our mobile applications (the “App”). Please read this notice carefully to understand what we do. If you do not understand any aspects of our Privacy Policy, please feel free to Contact Us via this link or as described in Section 10 of this Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy has the following sections: Scope; Third Party Sites This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect through our Site, App, home security devices and other interactions with you including email and phone. Our Site contains links to third party sites that are not owned or controlled by SimpliSafe. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of these other sites that collect your personal information. Additional Terms Please reference our Terms of Sale which apply to your purchase of our products. Please also note that use of our Site and App are subject to the Website Terms of Use . Moreover, if you subscribe to SimpliSafe’s monitoring services, features connected with those services or activate service offerings made available in connection with a SimpliSafe product that do not require a monitoring subscription, use of those features and services are also subject to the Terms of Service . SimpliSafe collects certain information to enable you to take full advantage of our offerings when you register at our Site, order products or services either through the Site or through our call center, use our App, communicate with customer service representatives (including via the online chat function), participate in our contests, surveys, promotions, or activities or otherwise communicate with us. If you choose, you can visit the Site without directly providing us with any information about yourself. We seek to limit the collection and use of customer information required to deliver service to our customers. The purposes for which we collect customer information include advising our customers about our products, services and other opportunities, advertising our products and services, and administering our business.Individuals That Visit Our Site or Interact With Us: We may collect the following categories of personal information: Identifiers (such as your name, address, email address, telephone number, unique device identifiers for mobile devices or tablets, visitor identification number, and IP address) Commercial information (such as products or services you considered, or other purchasing or consuming information) Internet or other electronic network activity (such as information about your interaction with our site, your browser type, computer or device type, visitor identification number, operating system version, the website you navigated from to reach out site, timestamp information about your visit to our site, the pages on our site that you view, including pages visited, your mouse movement and some keystrokes, and the name of your internet service provider) Inferences (such as creating a profile about your preferences based on your interaction with us and our website) Geolocation data (such as your approximate location based on IP address) Our sources for this information: We receive this information directly from you when you provide it to us, participate in our contests, surveys, promotions or other activities, and when you communicate with us, including any information you provide to customer service either during a phone call, by email or text, or online live chat Some of this information is collected automatically when you visit the Site or use our AppWe receive some of this information from our advertising partners Our business purposes for collecting this information: To send you updates about new products and to suggest products and services to you that we think you may be interested inTo operate and improve our business, products and services, the Site and the App, including Quality Assurance (QA) for certain types of interactions we have with you such as through Site chat and Customer Service calls To service your requests, to contact you when necessary or requested, including responding to your questions and comments and providing customer support, to obtain customer feedback and improve our customer service and customer shopping experience, and to enable the communication through technical service providersFor a limited number of Website visitors, to create a session replay that shows your visit to our site in order to identify and troubleshoot functionality issues Third parties we disclose this information to: Certain third parties that help us to host our website, send email updates about the website and remove repetitive information from our user listsAnalytics partners such as Facebook, Amplitude and Google Third parties that allow us to maintain the integrity and security of your Site and App experienceService Providers who assist us with customer service and product developmentAny other person or entity we reasonably think is customary, necessary or advisable for the business purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy or to whom we are obliged by applicable law or regulation to make the disclosure Third parties we “share” (as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act) this information with: We may share your information, including information about how you browse and shop, with certain strategic partners and other third parties that provide offers we think may be of value to youWe belong to ad networks that may use your browsing history across participating websites to show you internet-based advertisements on those websitesWe work with advertising partners such as Facebook and Google to deliver advertisements tailored to your interests For the avoidance of doubt, we do not sell or share your information for marketing purposes when that information was obtained through short code messaging. SimpliSafe Customers: In addition to the information above, if you have purchased a SimpliSafe product or service from SimpliSafe, we may have collected the following categories of personal information: Identifiers (such as your email, phone number, address, device usage information and information about your household.We additionally may collect contact information of users’ family and friends for alarm notification purposes or for our “Tell-A-Friend” program) Commercial information (such as your purchase history and information about your product usage) Financial Information (SimpliSafe partners with Chase Bank for processing credit or debit payments that you initiate onsite and we will only store the last 4 digits of your payment card and expiration date) Internet or other electronic network activity (such as information about your and your devices’ interaction with our network, your interaction with our Site and App, your visitor identification number, your product usage, the website you navigated from to reach our site, timestamp information about your visit to our site, the pages on our site that you view, including pages visited, your mouse movement and keystrokes for evaluating site functionality, and the name of your internet service provider) Audio, visual and similar information (if you use our security cameras or other camera-enabled products, we collect information such as audio and video recordings from such devices so that we can provide the guaranteed services) Inferences (such as a profile based on information reflecting your activity and preferences) Geolocation Information (as necessary to utilize Bluetooth and Wifi functionality of our products and services. Precise geolocation is only collected in a one-time fashion in order to enable Wifi capabilities, other instances of Geolocation collection are coarse Sensitive Personal Information (combination of email address and password, or other credentials, such as safeword, allowing access to your account; and protected classification characteristics, if you voluntarily provide them in response to our surveys, such as your race and ethnicity) Our sources for this information: Communications we have with you in any way including in person, by phone, online, by email or text, or by online live chat. Please note that we record and save calls to our customer service team and any online chats Your interaction with the Site and the App, both in the form of information collected automatically and provided directly by youIf you add a camera with Live Guard Protect and enable this feature,we may collect video recordings and associated audio when a recording is initiated or when you interact with our monitoring agents as part of the Live Guard Protection feature. Find more on Live Guard Protection by visiting our Help CenterWe receive this information directly from you when you purchase, setup and use our products and services, and when you communicate with us We sometimes combine information that you voluntarily provide to us with information that we automatically collect when you visit our websites or interact with our products and servicesWe receive this information from analytics partners and advertising and marketing companies Our business purposes for collecting this information: To deliver our products and services to you, such as our Video Verification and Live Guard Protection featuresTo send you alarm alerts and important service information about your alarm and our services To communicate with you about your orders and purchasesTo send you updates about new products and to suggest products and services to you that we think you may be interested inTo provide monitoring services to you, if you enable themTo detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issuesTo operate and improve our business, products and services, Site, and the AppTo advertise and market our products and servicesTo gather feedback on our products and services as well as your interactions with the company To evaluate analytics information to improve the performance of our Site, products, services and AppsTo analyze customer interactions for QA purposes where you have consented to such processingTo provide customer service Third parties we disclose this information to: Third-party service providers that help us process orders and fulfill and deliver products and services that you purchase from us. If you choose to enable account connections or integrations with third-party products such as SimpliSafe’s Amazon Alexa Skill, Apple Watch or Google Assistant, we may share your information with such third-party products.This is only done with your consent, and you can revoke or disable these connections and integrations at any time If you subscribe to our monitoring or emergency dispatch services, we disclose your information to third parties to facilitate those servicesWe use third parties to host our Site, send out email updates about the Site, provide marketing and advertising services for us, remove repetitive information from our user lists, and process paymentsThird parties that conduct research surveys, focus groups and promote contestsOur service providers, such as our website and cloud hosting providers Partners such as AARP and Farmer’s Insurance when you have utilized discounts and promotions that those groups make availableIf you request system setup assistance, we disclose your information to third parties to assist you with setup servicesFor the avoidance of doubt, we do not sell or share your information for marketing purposes when that information was obtained through short code messaging. Sensitive personal information Your sensitive personal information will not be used for any additional purposes that are incompatible with the purposes listed above, unless we provide you with notice of those additional purposes or gather your consent as required by law. Personal Information Collected through the Security Camera or other Camera-Enabled Products When you enable the recording features of your security camera or other camera-enabled products (for example, SimpliSafe’s video doorbell product), we will record, store and process video and/or audio recordings from the device, depending on how you configure the camera and its settings. This may include capturing and making available to you portions of the recording data as part of a notification or analysis of the data to identify motion or other events. We process and store information from your camera-enabled product so that we can send you alerts when there is an event. If you have the recording features enabled, during the subscription period applicable to your camera-enabled product we will capture, process and store video and audio recordings from your camera for 30 days from the date such data is first recorded ("SimpliSafe's date of first capture"). During your subscription period, you will be able to access those recordings for 30 days from SimpliSafe's date of first capture of such data. You have the option to delete and download these recordings from your account timeline during that 30-day window. If you choose to download a recording, it will not impact the retention of these videos on SimpliSafe’s systems. NOTE: Privacy laws in your state may impose certain obligations on you and your use of the security camera(s) or other camera-enabled products. You (not SimpliSafe) are solely responsible for ensuring that you comply with any applicable laws when you use such camera-enabled products. For example, you may be required to display a notice (even inside your home) that alerts visitors to your home that you are using a security camera or other camera-enabled products that are recording audio and video. Please also consider that recording and sharing of video that involves other people may affect their privacy rights. Cookies, Pixels, Advertising Partners and Analytics Partners We use analytics partners to collect certain information about how our Site is used. We and our advertising and analytics partners use cookies and pixels (also called web beacons) to collect certain types of information when you interact with our Site through your computer or mobile device. A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your device when you visit a website. When you visit the website again from that device, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store unique identifiers, user preferences and other information. You can direct your browser to clear all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service, including for storing user preferences, tracking user trends and providing relevant advertising to you. Currently, we use analytics partners such as Google Analytics, Facebook, Optimizely, Amplitude and FullStory. In order to make sure you understand how our analytics partners handle your personal information and how they interact with our Site, you should visit the pages linked below for more information. Google Analytics uses cookies and pixels to help us understand how visitors use our Site and to collect data on website activity. For more information regarding Google Analytics please visit http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html .For information on how to opt out of Google Analytics, please visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/ . Optimizely is a third-party website optimization service that analyzes your use of our Site and our relationship with you, so that we can improve our Site. For more information on the privacy practices of Optimizely, please check https://www.optimizely.com/privacy . You can opt out from Optimizely at any time by following the instructions at http://www.optimizely.com/opt_out . FullStory is a session recording technology that we use on our Site on a small percentage of user sessions in order to detect anomalous site behavior and fix site functionality issues. For more information on the privacy practices of FullStory, please check https://www.fullstory.com/legal/privacy-policy . We belong to ad networks that may use your browsing history across participating websites to show you interest-based advertisements on those websites. At this time, our Site does not respond to “do not track” signals or similar mechanisms sent automatically by your browser to indicate you do not wish to be tracked or receive interest-based ads. To learn more about interest-based advertisements and your opt-out rights and options, visit the Digital Advertising Alliance and the Network Advertising Initiative websites ( www.aboutads.info and www.networkadvertising.org ). SimpliSafe Product or Account Interaction with Third Parties If SimpliSafe offers any product or account connections or integrations with third-party products, applications, functionality or services (collectively, “Third-Party Products and Services”) and if you choose to enable or connect to such Third-Party Products and Services through the means authorized and directed by SimpliSafe and/or such third-party partners, then you acknowledge and agree that we may share certain information about you with such third-parties for account authentication and management and to enable the activation, connection and integration with and to such Third-Party Products and Services on such third parties’ platforms. For example, when you elect to use Third-Party Products and Services, such as SimpliSafe’s Amazon Alexa Skill, the August Smart Lock, Apple Watch or Google Assistant (as and when each is introduced), you agree that we may provide certain data about you to such partners in order to enable the activation, connection and integration with and to such Third-Party Products and Services you intend to use or otherwise choose to activate. In some cases, SimpliSafe or the third-party partner will instead (or also) ask for permission to control the SimpliSafe products and services and/or Third-Party Products and Services that you have activated and connected to as contemplated hereunder. Your consent is required to allow any of these exchanges or requests for control and you will be able to revoke or disable it at any time. In addition, SimpliSafe may share information with such third-party partners with your permission. For example, when you enroll or activate Third-Party Products and Services, you may be asked for your permission to share certain data between SimpliSafe and our partner. SimpliSafe requires your consent before sharing information in these circumstances. We may also receive information from our partners and other sources and combine that with the information in your SimpliSafe account to determine eligibility and efficacy of our programs. Additional information about the limited circumstances in which information from your SimpliSafe account may be shared with third parties is described in the section titled " Information We Collect and Why We Collect It ." Any SimpliSafe data that you choose to share with a third party, either directly or by or on behalf of SimpliSafe through the authorizations, integrations and connections permitted under this Privacy Policy, is governed by that third party’s privacy policy while in that party’s possession. Any data that SimpliSafe receives from third parties will be processed and stored by SimpliSafe and will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This information may be processed in the same ways as any other data that is a part of your SimpliSafe account. No Information From Children or Teens Under Age 18 This Site is not directed to, and we do not knowingly collect any personal information from, children or teenagers under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please do not attempt to register with us at this Site or provide any personal information about yourself to us. If you are under the age of 18, you may only use this Site under the supervision of your parents or guardians. The Site does not knowingly solicit or collect personally identifiable information online from children under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent.If we learn that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personally identifiable information online without parental consent, SimpliSafe will take all reasonable measures to delete such information from its databases and to not use such information for any purpose (except where necessary to protect the safety of the child or others as required or allowed by law). If you become aware of any personally identifiable information we have collected from children under 13, please use the contact form available on our website . We do not have actual knowledge that we sell or share Personal Information of individuals under 16 years of age. Third-Party Sites and Social Media Our Site may contain links to other websites operated by third parties and may include social media features such as Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest buttons. These third-party sites may collect information about you if you click on a link, and the social media sites may automatically record information about your browsing behavior every time you visit a site that has a social media button. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy and terms of service of the company providing the link, not SimpliSafe’s Privacy Policy or Terms of Service. Accordingly, we recommend that you review the privacy policy posted on any external site before disclosing any personal information. Please contact those websites directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies. Refer A Friend If you use our “Refer A Friend” feature, we ask for your friend’s name and e-mail address. We use this information only to send the communication you requested and to monitor the effectiveness of our “Refer A Friend” feature. Legal Proceedings We will share personal information with third-party companies, organizations or individuals outside of SimpliSafe if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to: Meet any applicable law, regulation, subpoena, legal process or governmental request.Enforce applicable Terms of Sale , Terms of Use , and Terms of Service , including investigation of potential violations.Detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues. Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of SimpliSafe, our users, customers or the public as required or permitted by law.Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your personal information in response to valid requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Transfer in the Event of Sale or Change of Control If the ownership of all or substantially all of our business changes or we otherwise transfer assets relating to our business or the Site to a third party, such as by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy proceeding or otherwise, we may transfer or sell your personal information to the new owner. In such a case, unless permitted or otherwise directed by applicable law, your information would remain subject to the terms of the applicable privacy policy in effect at the time of such transfer. You can access and update certain information we have relating to your account by logging into your account via our online web application at simplisafe.com . To update your contact information for your alarm monitoring and dispatch, navigate to the “Monitoring” section. To update your login information (email, password), you can navigate to the “Manage Account” section. To update your contact information for your alarm monitoring and dispatch on our mobile App, you can log in and tap on the menu and select “Location Profile”. To update your login information on our mobile App (email, password), you can tap on the menu and select “Manage Account”. If you have questions about the personal information we have about you, you can Contact Us using this form . You may opt out of receiving future communications (with the exception of alarm alerts and service information) from us by logging into your account and editing your profile. You can opt-out of receiving marketing and promotional emails from SimpliSafe by using the opt-out or unsubscribe feature contained in the footer of our marketing emails. You can close your online account by calling us at 800-548-9508. If you close your account, we will no longer use your online account information or share it with third parties. We may, however, retain some of your personal information, as allowed by law, for a period of time reasonably necessary for legitimate business purposes, archival purposes and to avoid identity theft or fraud. We use commercially reasonable physical, technical and administrative security measures and safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information. However, since the Internet is not a 100% secure environment, we cannot guarantee, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.There is no guarantee that information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical or managerial safeguards. Please note that e-mails and other communications you send to us through our Site are not encrypted, outside of certain channels such as secure chat, and we strongly advise you not to communicate any confidential information through these means. If you are a resident of California or Virginia, Colorado or Connecticut (starting July 1, 2023), or Utah (starting Dec. 31, 2023), the privacy laws in those states provide you with several rights with respect to your Personal Information. Please see the state specific sections below for more information. “Personal information” as used in this privacy notice applies to information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you or your household such as your real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier(s), Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers. Personal information does not include publicly available information, certain other information that is regulated by other applicable laws and information that has been de-identified or otherwise cannot be reasonably linked to a specific individual. Your California Privacy Rights The Right to Know dictates, upon your request, that we will provide you with any of the following:what personal information we have collected, used, disclosed and “sold” about you, including the categories of personal informationthe categories of sources from which the personal information is collectedthe business or commercial purpose(s) for collecting, selling, or sharing personal informationthe categories of third parties to whom SimpliSafe discloses personal information the specific pieces of personal information SimpliSafe has collected about you.The Right to Correct inaccuracies in your personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing. For more information about how to exercise this right, please see this section of our Privacy Policy .The right to request that we delete any personal information we have collected about you. Please note this right is not absolute and that SimpliSafe will, in some cases, retain personal information as allowed by applicable laws and to support essential functionality, such as maintaining your subscription. The right to opt-out of the selling or sharing of your personal information, which you can exercise through this form ( Do Not Sell My Personal Information ). Please note that clearing your cookies at any time will remove the signal of your selected privacy preferences. The right to limit the use of your sensitive personal information, which you can exercise through this form Do Not Sell My Personal Information . To exercise the above rights, you may use this form to opt out of the sale and sharing of personal information ( Do Not Sell My Personal Information ) or this form to exercise your right to know, right to deletion and/or right to correction. You may also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf on our website through this form . When you exercise these rights and submit a request to us, we will verify your identity by asking you to confirm some of your information that SimpliSafe currently holds such as your email address, order numbers of previous orders of our products and services, your equipment serial numbers or the last four digits of a credit or debit card used to make a purchase. We will endeavor to honor such requests unless such a request conflicts with certain lawful exemptions granted by the California Consumer Privacy Act. Please note that we are only required to honor Right to Know requests twice in a 12-month period. We do not discriminate against California residents who exercise any of their rights described in our Privacy Policy. Your exercise of these rights will have no adverse effect on the price and quality of our goods or services. In addition, and as set forth below, California law requires us to identify, for the 12-month period prior to the date of this Privacy Policy, what information we may have “sold” or “shared” about you. For the 12-month period prior to the date of this Privacy Policy, SimpliSafe has only sold or shared personal information about its customers as described in this Privacy Policy. SimpliSafe does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, as defined in applicable laws, for any purposes other than those permitted by applicable law.Opt-Out Preference Signals: We are working towards enabling Global Privacy Control (GPC) as an additional way for you to submit a request to opt-out of the sale and sharing of your personal information through browsers and/or browser extensions that support such a signal. Until then, you can opt-out of the use of third-party cookies for personalized advertising by setting your cookie preferences on your browser or by navigating to our opt-out of sale preference center . This Privacy Policy describes how we may share your information for marketing purposes, as described above. If you are a California resident, the Shine the Light law permits you to request and obtain from us once per calendar year information about any of your personal information shared with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, including the categories of information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we have shared such information. To request this information and for any other questions about our privacy practices and compliance with California law, please contact us through our website: Contact us. Your Virginia, Colorado (starting July 1, 2023), and Connecticut (starting July 1, 2023) Privacy Rights The right to confirm whether we process your personal information and access your personal information. The right to correct inaccuracies in your personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and the purposes of the processing. For more information about how to perform this action, please see this section of our Privacy Policy .The right to delete personal information we have about you. Please note this right is not absolute and that SimpliSafe will, in some cases, retain personal information as allowed by applicable laws and to support essential functionality, such as maintaining your subscription. The right to opt out of the processing of your personal information for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal information, and/or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects.The right to obtain a copy of personal information we have obtained about you in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format.Please note that SimpliSafe does not process your personal information using machine learning and/or profiling methods in ways that would impact you in a legal or similarly significant manner. If we deny your request, the right to appeal our decision. You may use this form to opt out of the sale and sharing of personal information () or this form to exercise your right to know, right to deletion and/or right to correction. You may also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf on our website through this form . When you exercise these rights and submit a request to us, we will verify your identity by asking you to log in to your account if you have one with us. Or if you do not, we may ask you to confirm information SimpliSafe currently holds on you such as your email address, order numbers of previous orders of our products and services, your equipment serial numbers or the last four digits of a credit or debit card used to make a purchase. We will endeavor to honor such requests unless such a request conflicts with certain lawful exemptions under your state’s consumer privacy law. The fact that you have elected to exercise these rights will have no adverse effect on the price and quality of our products or services. To appeal a decision we have made regarding your request, you may use the contact form available on our website. We will respond to appeals from Virginia and Connecticut residents within 60 days. We will respond to appeals from Colorado residents within 45 days. Your Utah Privacy Rights (starting Dec. 31, 2023) The right to confirm whether we process your personal information and access your personal information. The right to delete personal information we have obtained about you. Please note this right is not absolute and that SimpliSafe will, in some cases, retain personal information as allowable by applicable laws and to support essential functionality, such as maintaining your subscription.The right to opt out of the processing of your personal information for purposes of targeted advertising and/or the sale of personal information The right to obtain a copy of the personal information you have previously provided to us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format. You may use this form to opt out of the sale and sharing of personal information ( Do Not Sell My Personal Information ) or this form to exercise your right to know and/or right to deletion. When you exercise these rights and submit a request to us, we will verify your identity by asking you to log in to your account if you have one with us.Or, if you do not, we may ask you to confirm information SimpliSafe currently holds on you such as your email address, order numbers of previous orders of our products and services, your equipment serial numbers or the last four digits of a credit or debit card used to make a purchase. We will endeavor to honor such requests unless such a request conflicts with certain lawful exemptions under the Utah Privacy Rights Act. The fact that you have elected to exercise these rights will have no adverse effect on the price and quality of our products or services. We may offer programs such as contests, surveys or other similar promotional campaigns (collectively, “Promotional Campaigns”). In exchange for participating in our Promotional Campaigns and providing us with your personal information, such as your name and contact information, we may offer you financial incentives and/or price or service differences such as a discount or a coupon. You can terminate participation at any time as explained in the applicable Promotional Campaign terms. We estimate that the value of the personal information we collect for Promotional Campaigns is the value of the benefit we offer to you in connection with the promotion, which is reasonably related to the costs associated with offering such benefit. We will retain your information for no longer than is reasonably necessary to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. The criteria used to determine our retention periods includes: (a) the length of time we have an ongoing relationship with our customers and provide services, (b) whether there is a legal obligation to which we are subject, and (c) whether retention is necessary to support our legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation or regulatory investigations). For example, we retain all videos for a maximum of 30 days unless you grant us specific permission to retain them. We retain the audio from calls for a maximum of 6 months and retain transcripts from calls for a maximum of 18 months. The Site is hosted in the United States. If you are visiting the Site from outside the United States, your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States or other countries in accordance with this Privacy Policy. The data protection and other applicable laws of the United States or these other countries may not be as comprehensive as those laws or regulations in your country or may otherwise differ from the data protection or consumer protection laws in your country. Your information may be available to government authorities under lawful orders and law applicable in such jurisdictions. By using the Site and/or providing personal information to us, you consent to transfer of your information to our facilities as described in this Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, at minimum it will be reviewed on a yearly basis. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your consent in accordance with applicable law. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will send you an e-mail and provide a more prominent notice as we deem appropriate. If you have any questions, concerns, complaints or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy or otherwise need to contact us, please use this contact form or write to us by US postal mail at the following address: SimpliSafe, Inc. 100 Summer St, 3rd Floor Boston, MA 02108 Attention: Legal Get offers and security advice Get offers and security advice Submit You may receive email offers from us in accordance with our Privacy Policy . Current country is: USA © 2022 SimpliSafe, Inc. Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Sale of Personal Data Sale of Personal Data Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale of personal information by using this toggle switch. If you opt out we will not be able to offer you personalised ads and will not hand over your personal information to any third parties.Additionally, you may contact our legal department for further clarification about your rights as a California consumer by using this Exercise My Rights link.If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we have to take that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore we would not be able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences. Targeting CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest Switch Label label Switch Label label Switch Label label