1. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY This Privacy Policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically for any changes. If we make any material changes, we will notify you by means of a notice on our website prior to the change becoming effective. 2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT Simplifi provides its online Advertising Services to Advertising Customers through site retargeting, search retargeting, contextual retargeting, Facebook API, and location-based services including geolocation of Internet users (“ GeoFencing ”). These services are generally provided through third-party websites owned and/or operated by our Advertising Customers who publish their own content on the Internet. We may receive Personal Information such as physical addresses from our Advertising Customers, which we de-identify and use for GeoFencing and to provide analytical reports to our Advertising Customers. We may also obtain information from third-party data providers, such as physical addresses and information about consumer characteristics such as demographics and predicted interests. Through our Advertising Services, we collect information about users’ online activities over time and across non-affiliated web sites, mobile applications, or online services, as applicable, and across multiple devices including connected TVs. We collect information about your device and your visit(s) to websites, apps, and online services, such as browser type and version, Internet service provider (ISP), mobile operating system, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, responses by a web visitor to an advertisement delivered by us or a third party, and/or clickstream data. We also collect information that identifies your devices, which may be considered Personal Information. This information can include, for example, IP addresses, mobile advertising identifiers, and cookie identifiers. Simplifi collects Precise Location Data (as defined by the NAI) for your device when, for example, a user makes such information available through a third-party mobile application or webpage on a particular device. Simplifi may receive this Precise Location Data from third-party partners including Cuebiq . Simplifi also engages in cross-device linking. We may combine all of the information that we collect to provide our Advertising Services. 3. HOW WE COLLECT AND USE INFORMATION We use cookies, JavaScript, and similar technologies to provide our Advertising Services. Among these technologies, we employ a software technology called clear gifs (or web beacons), that help us better manage the advertising content on our network of third-party sites. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online activities of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. In compliance with the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) Code of Conduct, we do not tie the device identifying information gathered by clear gifs to personally identifiable information except as permitted by the NAI Code. In performing our Advertising Services, we collect information in multiple ways, including: on our own websiteson the websites of publishers or Advertising Customers,when we serve online advertisements, andfrom third party providers. The collection of this data about your online activities across non-affiliated properties and linked devices allows us and our Advertising Customers to better target advertising to user interests. This process is called interest-based advertising. The Advertising Services include various analytics and measurement services as well. The data also allows us to improve our services, for example, improving the effectiveness of the advertisements delivered to users and limiting the number of times a person sees a given advertisement. 4.INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE We may share the information we collect with other parties for our business reasons, including the following: We share your Personal Information with our affiliates and third-party vendors who provide services on our behalf.We can disclose Personal Information to provide our Advertising Services, including disclosures to our Advertising Customers to enable them to serve interest-based advertisements to user devices based on the user’s browsing history and online activities.Simplifi may also disclose any information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) comply with legal process served on Simplifi, (2) protect and defend the rights or property of Simplifi; (3) protect the personal safety of users of Simplifi, its Advertising Services, or other services; (4) provide updates and services that may be of interest to the user; or (5) prevent online fraud or other cyber threats, for example through an online threat exchange, or to report, detect and/or prevent security events. Simplifi is required to disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.Simplifi may disclose Personal Information with notice or with your consent, where permitted by law. 5. SALE OF ASSETS In the event that Simplifi is involved in a potential or actual merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, including in bankruptcy, we reserve the right to include, disclose and transfer any or all stored Personal Information and other data among the assets transferred to the acquiring company. If this occurs, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership or material changes in uses of your Personal Information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your Personal Information. 6. HEALTH TARGETING We partner with third parties to provide customers with targeting options related to health and wellness interests. If you would like to view the current list of third-party health and wellness interest segments available through Simplifi, please click here . 7. POLITICAL TARGETING We partner with third parties to provide customers with political targeting options. If you would like to view the current list of third-party political interest segments available through Simplifi, please click here . 8. YOUR CHOICES Opting Out of Simplifi Targeted Advertising on Your Browser Simpli.fi engages in interest-based advertising activities, including cross-device linking, as described above. If you would like to stop receiving interest-based advertising from Simplifi on your browser, click here . By doing so, Simplifi will replace your unique cookie with an “opt-out” flag that will prevent us from serving you interest-based advertising. An opt-out choice means that we no longer use or transfer data from the opted-out device for targeted advertisements, and we no longer use data collected on other devices to inform advertisements on that device. We will still collect and store information through such cookies for other purposes such as metrics and analytics and we may still serve you advertising, but it will not be tailored for you. Because cookies are browser specific, if you use more than one browser or device, you will need to make your opt-out choice on each browser or device that you use. To do so, point each browser that you use to this page, and click on the opt-out link above. Please note that you will need to set the Simplifi opt-out cookie again in some cases, for example, under the following circumstances: you buy a new computer or device, delete cookies from your browser, or upgrade or change the browser of your existing computer or device. Simplifi is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adheres to the NAI Code of Conduct. Additional information on the NAI and its code can be viewed at http://www.networkadvertising.org/code-enforcement/code . Simplifi also licenses the AdChoices icon from the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) at http://digitaladvertisingalliance.org/ and the DAAC at http://youradchoices.ca for the purpose of providing enhanced notice and to inform users when they are being behaviorally targeted and to provide an opportunity to opt out.Simplifi makes every effort to ensure adherence to the self-regulatory principles of the DAA and the DAAC. To opt-out of interest-based advertising by other companies participating in the following consumer choice mechanisms, please visit: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA)’s self-regulatory opt-out page ( http://optout.aboutads.info/ ) and mobile application-based “AppChoices” download page ( https://youradchoices.com/appchoices )European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA)’s consumer opt-out page ( http://youronlinechoices.eu ) Network Advertising Initiative (NAI)’s self-regulatory opt-out page (http://optout.networkadvertising.org/).For information on how to opt-out of Connected TV (CTV) data collection and to activate other CTV privacy features, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s Internet Connected TV Choices: ( https://www.networkadvertising.org/internet-connected-tv-choices/ ) DO NOT TRACK We currently honor Do Not Track signals transmitted by browsers by treating this signal as an opt out of interest-based advertising. OPTING OUT FROM SIMPLIFI’S LOCATION-BASED ADVERTISING You may opt out of our collection, use, and transfer of precise location data for location-based advertising purposes, by using the location services controls in your mobile device’s settings. ACCESSING YOUR INFORMATION You may request to access your Personal Information that we hold, as well as to correct, amend or delete information when it is inaccurate, or has been processed in violation of the Privacy Shield Principles or when otherwise required by law. To make such requests, please contact us at privacy@simpli.fi . We will respond to these requests in accordance with the laws that apply to you and within a reasonable timeframe. You can help us maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying us of any changes to your information. We may deny a request in some cases when permitted by law, such as when the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual’s privacy in the case in question, or where the rights of persons other than the individual would be violated. 9. INTERNATIONAL OR CROSS-BORDER TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION By providing Personal Information and/or by communicating with us by email, you acknowledge and expressly consent to our processing and disclosure of your Personal Information outside your country. The Personal Information of users who are located outside the U.S. may be transferred to the U.S., where our servers are located and where it will be processed and stored on servers in the U.S. Individuals from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland, please see the section below on “Cross-Border Transfers from Europe” for more information. 10. EU DATA SUBJECTS: PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION We process Personal Information with your consent. On other occasions, we may process Personal Information when we need to do so to fulfill a contract (for example, for billing purposes) or where required to do this by law. If necessary, we may also process Personal Information when it is in our legitimate interests to do this (e.g., for auditing purposes or for fraud detection) and when these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights. EU data subjects may have rights to access, portability, to revoke consent, to correct, delete, and/or object to or restrict processing of the Personal Information you provide to us. You can email a request to us at privacy@simpli.fi. We will respond to your request in a reasonable timeframe and in accordance with the law that applies to you. Sometimes a request in relation to your Personal Information may not apply to certain information, such as information we may keep to comply with legal requirements. Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence. 11. CROSS-BORDER TRANSFERS FROM EUROPE Simplifi relies on safeguards such as the SCCs to receive Personal Information from the European Union, United Kingdom and Switzerland. Simplifi also continues to participate in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Simplifi is committed to subjecting all Personal Information received from European Union (EU) member countries, the United Kingdom and Switzerland, respectively, in reliance on each Privacy Shield Framework, to that Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Frameworks, and to view our certification, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List, here: https://www.privacyshield.gov . To learn more about the Privacy Shield principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity & Purpose Limitation, Access & Recourse, Enforcement & Liability, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome .Simplifi is responsible for the processing of Personal Information it receives, under each Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Simplifi complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of Personal Information from the EU, United Kingdom, and Switzerland under a Privacy Shield Framework, including the onward transfer liability provisions. With respect to Personal Information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, Simplifi is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, Simplifi may be required to disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request . Under certain conditions, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted, as described more fully on the Privacy Shield website here: https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint . 12. STATE PRIVACY RIGHTS California, Virginia, Connecticut, Utah, and Colorado residents have certain rights under state law with respect to Personal Information processed by Simplifi. This section contains disclosures required by such laws and explains rights that may be available to you. Personal Information We Collect and Disclose for a Business Purpose In the past 12 months, we have collected, and disclosed to third parties, the following categories of Personal Information about users, for our business or commercial purposes: Personal and online identifiers (such as email address, postal address, or unique online identifiers)Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement)Geolocation information (including precise location derived from your device)Inferences reflecting potential interests or characteristics, including race/ethnicity, health and wellness interests, and political interests. Categories of Sources We collect this Personal Information from the following categories of sources: Our Advertising Customers;Our service providers;Affiliates not under the Simplifi brand; andThird party data providers. Categories of Recipients We may disclose all of the categories of Personal Information listed above to our service providers, to affiliates not under the Simplifi brand, and to other entities for purposes like legal compliance, as described in the “Information Sharing and Disclosure” section of this Privacy Policy above. We share all of the categories of Personal Information listed above to our business customers for interest-based advertising (also called targeted or cross-context behavioral advertising). This may be considered a sale in some states. We do not otherwise sell Personal Information about users for our Advertising Services. Why We Collect, Use, and Share Personal Information We use and disclose the personal information we collect for our commercial and business purposes, as further described above in the “How We Collect and Use Information” and “Information Sharing and Disclosure” sections of this Privacy Policy. Your Rights Regarding Personal Information Residents of California, Virginia, Connecticut, Utah, and Colorado have rights with respect to the Personal Information collected by businesses. If you are a resident of one of these states, you may exercise the following rights regarding Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions and limitations: The right to confirm whether Simplifi is processing Personal Information about you.The right to correct inaccuracies in the Personal Information we have collected about you.For California, the right to know the categories of Personal Information we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected Personal Information , our purposes for collecting or selling Personal Information , the categories of Personal Information that we have either sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have shared Personal Information. The right to access the specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected about you.The right to request that we delete the Personal Information we have collected about you.The right to opt out of the processing (including sharing) of Personal Information for interest-based (also called targeted or cross-context behavioral) advertising. Please note that if you opt out of certain practices, we may be unable to provide you with some services.Depending on your state, the right to limit Simplifi’s processing of certain “sensitive” Personal Information about you (or to withdraw consent for such processing if you previously gave it).The right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the above privacy rights. To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us using the following information and submit the required verifying information, as further described below: By email at privacy@simpli.fiBy phone at 800.840.0768 For residents of certain states, if you have submitted a request that you believe we have not fulfilled, you may contact us to appeal our decision by sending an email with the subject line “Appeal” to privacy@simpli.fi . Verification Process and Required Information Note that we may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or understand the scope of your request, although you will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled. Authorized Agent If you are a California or Colorado resident, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf by verifying your identity and providing the agent with written permission to make a request on your behalf. An authorized agent may submit a request through the methods provided above. Minors’ Right to Opt In We do not knowingly sell, or share for interest-based advertising, Personal Information about minors under 16 years of age. 13. DATA RETENTION We retain the information we collect through our Advertising Services for a minimum of 30 days, or longer if needed for auditing purposes. We do not retain any data collected for interest-based advertising longer than 24 months in an identifiable form, except as required by law. We retain other Personal Information in compliance with applicable laws and as reasonably necessary for our processing purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. When it is no longer necessary for us to process Personal Information for these purposes, we will deidentify, aggregate, or delete this data. 14. SECURITY Simplifi uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information and to protect it against loss or unauthorized use or disclosure. 15. CONTACT US If you have inquiries or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy please contact Simplifi at: privacy@simpli.fi or: Chief Privacy Officer c/o Paul Harrison, CTO Simplifi Holdings LLC 128 East Exchange Avenue, Suite 700 Fort Worth, TX 76164 USA Where Simplifi acts as a controller with respect to Personal Information processed through the Advertising Services, the controller of Personal Information is: Simpli.fi Holdings, LLC 128 East Exchange Avenue, Suite 700 Fort Worth, TX 76164 USA For EU Inquiries: Data Protection Officer c/o Henrik Duedahl Høyer, DPO Simplifi Europe IVS (designated EU representative) c/o Amalie 6 ApS Amaliegade 6. 2. tv. DK – 1256 Copenhagen K Denmark Terms and Conditions Please read our Terms and Conditions at www.simpli.fi/terms/ as they also govern your use of the Site and our Advertising Services. Let's Connect Interested in learning more about career opportunities at Simpli.fi? Drop us a line and we’ll be in touch. First name* Last name* Company name* Email* Phone number Web URL* I agree to the terms of the privacy policy.Contact Us Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let 's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect © 2023 Simpli.fi All rights reserved Simpli.fi Headquarters 128 East Exchange Avenue, Suite 700 Fort Worth, TX 76164 Contact Us © 2023 Simpli.fi All rights reserved By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.Privacy Preference Center Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored Your PrivacyStrictly Necessary CookiesPerformance CookiesFunctional CookiesTargeting Cookies Your Privacy When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Cookie List Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label1. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY This Privacy Policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically for any changes. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. If you do not agree to such changes, you must immediately stop using the Site. 2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT Users can browse the Site without logging in or actively providing any Personal Information. Providing Personal Information, such as by registering for an account, is necessary to become an Advertising Customer and to access certain features and services available on the Site. For example, we will request the name, contact information, company information, and payment information of Advertising Customers. When users register and log in as Advertising Customers, we collect an email address and password. When users request a demo or otherwise contact us with inquiries, we collect the Personal Information needed to respond like a name, email address, and phone number. When users connect to the Site from a social media platform, we collect the Personal Information you have provided to that particular social media platform in accordance with the social media platform’s privacy practices and your settings on that platform. Users can also register as an Advertising Customer and pay for our services by phone. When users call to register, we collect your name, contact information, company information, and payment information to enable us to process the transaction and set up and manage the user’s account. It is your choice whether or not to provide us with the Personal Information described above. If you do not provide the necessary Personal Information you will not be able to become an Advertising Customer and you will not be able to access our advertising services or other services available on the Site. We also will have no way to respond to your questions or inquiries or to provide a demo or other requested services. When users access or browse our Site, we collect certain information automatically including IP addresses and cookie identifiers, regardless of whether the user is logged in or an Advertising Customer. We collect information about your device and your visit(s), such as browser type and version, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We and our third-party vendors use cookies or similar technologies (such as web beacons and pixels) to analyze trends, administer and improve the Site, deliver more relevant advertising, and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You may be able to remove persistent cookies using tools in your browser. Cookies will remain active for 30 days before deletion or until you remove them. If you reject cookies, you may still navigate our Site, but your ability to use some areas of the Site may be limited. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy . For more information on Google’s data collection practices visit Google’s Policies and Terms . 3. HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION We use the information we collect to operate and improve our business and provide the services you have requested, such as to receive information about our products and services, to become and to interact with us as an Advertising Customer, to process your billings, for our legal compliance, to be contacted in regard to an employment opportunity or to provide you with customer service. We also use information to learn about how users browse, navigate, and interact with our site, to analyze trends, to identify and address errors or issues that may impair or restrict the Site’s functionality, and to deliver more relevant advertising. We may send you marketing materials, including by using your email address to send you email updates and promotional materials from or about Simplifi if you are a U.S. resident or if you are an E.U. resident and have opted in to receive promotional emails. You may unsubscribe from promotional emails at any time and/or opt out of targeted advertising as described in the “Your Choices” section below. 4. INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE We will not sell, trade or share your Personal Information with other companies for their direct marketing purposes, unless we have your consent. We may share the information we collect with other parties for other reasons, including the following: With our affiliates and third party vendors who provide services on our behalf, such as an email marketing company who distributes our newsletters to our users, and our third party payment processors who process your transactions.These companies are authorized to use your Personal Information only as necessary to provide these services to us.Simplifi may also disclose any information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) comply with the law or comply with legal process served on Simplifi, (2) protect and defend the rights or property of Simplifi; (3) protect the personal safety of users of Simplifi, its Site and other services, or the public; (4) provide updates and services that may be of interest to the user; or (5) prevent online fraud or other cyber threats, for example through an online threat exchange, or to report, detect and/or prevent security events. Simplifi is required to disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.We may disclose Personal Information with your consent. 5. SALE OF ASSETS In the event that Simplifi is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, including in bankruptcy, we reserve the right to include, disclose and transfer any or all stored Personal Information and other data among the assets transferred to the acquiring company. If this occurs, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership or material changes in uses of your Personal Information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your Personal Information. 6. YOUR CHOICES Email Marketing You may unsubscribe from Simplifi’s promotional emails at any time by clicking “unsubscribe” on the emails you receive from us. Opting Out of Simplifi Targeted Advertising on Your Browser Simplifi collects data on the Site and across non-affiliated websites and apps to deliver more relevant advertising to you. This process is called interest-based advertising. Simplifi also collects information about potential relationships among different devices for interest-based advertising. If you would like to stop receiving interest-based advertising on your browser from Simplifi, click here . By doing so, Simplifi will replace your unique cookie with an “opt-out” cookie. An opt-out choice means that we no longer use or transfer data from the opted out browser for targeted advertisements, and we no longer use data collected on other devices to inform advertisements on that device. We will still collect and store information through such cookies for other purposes such as metrics and analytics and we may still serve you advertising but it will not be tailored for you. Because cookies are browser specific, if you use more than one browser or device, you will need to make your opt-out choice on each browser or device that you use. To do so, point each browser that you use to this page, and click on the disable link above. Please note that you will need to set the Simplifi opt-out cookie again in some cases, for example, under the following circumstances: You buy a new device, delete cookies from your browser, or upgrade or change the browser of your existing computer or device. Simplifi is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adheres to the NAI Code of Conduct. Additional information on the NAI and its code can be viewed at http://www.networkadvertising.org/code-enforcement/code . Simplifi also licenses the AdChoices icon from the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) at http://digitaladvertisingalliance.org/ and the DAAC at http://youradchoices.ca for the purpose of providing enhanced notice and to inform users when they are being behaviorally targeted and to provide an opportunity to opt out. Simplifi makes every effort to ensure adherence to the self-regulatory principles of the DAA and the DAAC. For information about opting out of Simplifi’s other interest-based advertising activities outside the Site, please see our Services Privacy Policy. JavaScript We also use JavaScript to assist us with the collection and use of browsing data, including IP address and cookie identifiers, for interest-based advertising activities. Do Not Track We currently honor Do Not Track signals transmitted by browsers by treating this signal as an opt out of interest-based advertising. Third-Party Targeted Advertising We partner with one or more third parties to display advertising on our Site and/or to manage our advertising on other sites. Such third parties may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this Site and other unrelated sites over time in order to provide you with more relevant advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. This is called interest-based advertising. Simpli.fi complies with the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles and the NAI Code of Conduct in connection with this activity on our Site.If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out with respect to companies participating in industry self-regulation by clicking http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1 or http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/ , or if located in the European Union click http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ . Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive ads, but they will not be targeted based on your browsing activity. 7. ACCESSING YOUR INFORMATION You may request to access your Personal Information that we hold, as well as to correct, amend or delete information when it is inaccurate, or has been processed in violation of the Privacy Shield Principles or when otherwise required by law. To make such requests, please contact us at privacy@simpli.fi . We will respond to these requests in accordance with the laws that apply to you and within a reasonable timeframe. You can help us maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying us of any changes to your information. We may deny a request in some cases when permitted by law, such as when the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual’s privacy in the case in question, or where the rights of persons other than the individual would be violated. 8. INTERNATIONAL OR CROSS-BORDER TRANSFER OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION By providing Personal Information and/or by communicating with us by email, you acknowledge and expressly consent to our processing and disclosure of your Personal Information outside your country. The Personal Information of users who are located outside the U.S. may be transferred to the U.S., where our servers are located and where it will be processed and stored on servers in the U.S. By accessing the Site, using Advertising Services, providing Personal Information or sending us email, you expressly and unambiguously agree to such transfer, processing, storage and disclosure in countries outside your own. Individuals from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland, please see the section below on “Cross-Border Transfers from Europe” for more information. 9. EU DATA SUBJECTS: PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION We process Personal Information with your consent. On other occasions, we may process Personal Information when we need to do so to fulfill a contract (for example, for billing purposes) or where required to do this by law. If necessary, we may also process Personal Information when it is in our legitimate interests to do this (e.g., for auditing purposes or for fraud detection) and when these interests are not overridden by your data protection rights. EU data subjects may have rights to access, portability, to revoke consent, to correct, delete, and/or object to or restrict processing of the Personal Information you provide to us. You can email a request to us at privacy@simpli.fi . We will respond to your request in a reasonable timeframe and in accordance with the law that applies to you. Sometimes a request in relation to your Personal Information may not apply to certain information, such as information we may keep to comply with legal requirements. Additionally, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the supervisory authority in your country of residence. 10. CROSS-BORDER TRANSFERS FROM EUROPE Simplifi relies on safeguards such as the SCCs to receive Personal Information from the European Union, United Kingdom and Switzerland. Simplifi also continues to participate in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Simplifi is committed to subjecting all Personal Information received from European Union (EU) member countries, the United Kingdom and Switzerland, respectively, in reliance on each Privacy Shield Framework, to that Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Frameworks, and to view our certification, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List, here: https://www.privacyshield.gov . To learn more about the Privacy Shield principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity & Purpose Limitation, Access & Recourse, Enforcement & Liability, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome . Simplifi is responsible for the processing of Personal Information it receives, under each Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Simplifi complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of Personal Information from the EU, United Kingdom, and Switzerland under a Privacy Shield Framework, including the onward transfer liability provisions.With respect to Personal Information received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, Simplifi is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, Simplifi may be required to disclose Personal Information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request . Under certain conditions, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted, as described more fully on the Privacy Shield website here: https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint 11. RIGHTS FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS California Advertising Customers have certain rights under state law with respect to Personal Information processed by Simplifi. This section contains disclosures required by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), applies solely to Personal Information subject to the CPRA including offline data, and explains rights that may be available to you. Personal Information We Collect and Disclose for a Business Purpose In the past 12 months, we have collected, and disclosed to third parties, the following categories of Personal Information about Advertising Customers, for our business or commercial purposes: Personal and online identifiers (such as first and last name, email address, postal address, or unique online identifiers)Commercial information, including records of products or services purchased, obtained, or consideredInternet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history, search history, interactions with a website, email, application, or advertisement)Geolocation information (such as general location derived from an IP address) Professional or employment-related information Categories of Sources We collect this Personal Information from the following categories of sources: Our Advertising Customers;Our service providers;Affiliates not under the Simplifi brand; andThird party data providers. Categories of Recipients We may disclose all of the categories of Personal Information listed above to our service providers, to affiliates not under the Simplifi brand, and to other entities for purposes like legal compliance, as described in the “Information Sharing and Disclosure” section of this Privacy Policy above. We do not sell Personal Information about our Advertising Customers for money or other consideration. We “share” (as defined by the CPRA) online identifiers and Internet/network activity information by allowing third-party advertising partners to collect such information on our Site for interest-based advertising (also called cross-context behavioral advertising). Why We Collect, Use, and Disclose Personal Information We use and disclose the categories Personal Information listed above for our commercial and business purposes, as further described above in the “How We Use Collected Information” and “Information Sharing and Disclosure” sections of this Privacy Policy. Your Rights Regarding Personal Information If you are an Advertising Customer who is a California resident, you may exercise the following rights regarding Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions and limitations: The right to confirm whether Simplifi is processing Personal Information about you.The right to correct inaccuracies in the Personal Information we have collected about you.The right to know the categories and specific pieces of Personal Information we collect, use, disclose, and sell about you, the categories of sources from which we collected Personal Information, our purposes for collecting or selling Personal Information, the categories of Personal Information that we have either sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties with which we have shared Personal Information. The right to request that we delete the Personal Information we have collected about you.The right to opt out of the sharing of Personal Information for targeted advertising. Please note that if you opt out of certain practices, we may be unable to provide you with some services.The right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of the above privacy rights. To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us using the following information and submit the required verifying information, as further described below: By email at privacy@simpli.fiBy phone at 800.840.0768 With respect to Advertising Customers, Simplifi does not process Personal Information that is considered sensitive under the CPRA.Verification Process and Required Information We may need to request additional information from you to verify your identity or understand the scope of your request, although you will not be required to create an account with us to submit a request or have it fulfilled. Typically, we request your name, business email address, and business phone number to process your request. Authorized Agent If you are a California resident, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf by verifying your identity and providing the agent with written permission to make a request on your behalf. An authorized agent may submit a request through the methods provided above. Minors’ Right to Opt In Only adults are permitted to be Advertising Customers. We do not knowingly sell, or share for interest-based advertising, Personal Information about minors under 16 years of age. 12. THIRD-PARTY LINKS AND TOOLS Social Media Features Our Site includes social media plug-ins which are interactive mini-programs that run on our Site. These features may allow the third parties that offer the features to collect information such as your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Site, and other data. Social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy statement of the company providing it. Our Site is not sponsored or endorsed by LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, Google+ or YouTube or other third party websites, which are trademarked and owned by third parties and not by us. Links to Other Sites; Transactions with Third Parties The Site may contain links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Simplifi. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and statements of other sites to understand their information practices. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by our Site. Analytics The Site uses third-party analytics services including Google Analytics. For more information about Google analytic cookies, please see Google’s help pages and privacy policy: Google Privacy Policy: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ ,Google Analytics Help: https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage . Google has developed the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on for the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, dc.js). If you want to opt out of Google Analytics, you can download and install the add-on for your web browser at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout . 13. DATA RETENTION We will retain the information you provide to the Site for as long as your account is active, as needed to provide you services, and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. 14. SECURITY Simplifi uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information and to protect it against loss or unauthorized use or disclosure. 15. CONTACT US If you have inquiries or complaints regarding this Privacy Policy please contact Simplifi at: privacy@simpli.fi or: Chief Privacy Officer c/o Paul Harrison, CTO Simplifi Holdings LLC 128 East Exchange Avenue, Suite 700 Fort Worth, TX 76164 The controller of Personal Information collected through the Site is: Simpli.fi Holdings, LLC 128 East Exchange Avenue, Suite 700 Fort Worth, TX 76164 USA Let's Connect Get in touch and one of our advertising experts will reach out. First name* Last name* Company name* Email* Phone number Web URL* I agree to the terms of the privacy policy.Contact Us Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let 's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect Let's Connect © 2023 Simpli.fi All rights reserved Simpli.fi Headquarters 128 East Exchange Avenue, Suite 700 Fort Worth, TX 76164 Contact Us © 2023 Simpli.fi All rights reserved By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.Privacy Preference Center Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored Your PrivacyStrictly Necessary CookiesPerformance CookiesFunctional CookiesTargeting Cookies Your Privacy When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Cookie List Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label