Privacy Policy - Sky Sport® / Sky Show® / Sky Store® via Sky Switzerland SA The protection of your privacy is important to us! Thank you for choosing the Sky Sport® / Sky Show® / Sky Store® services. Welcome to our Privacy Policy. We recommend that you read this statement carefully and, if necessary, personalize your privacy preferences before using our services. We are committed to protect your privacy. We will always process your data in accordance with applicable data and privacy regulations. We guarantee that we collect data solely for the successful and complete delivery of our Sky Sport® / Sky Show® / Sky Store® services. Our privacy policy This Privacy Policy describes the collection and processing of your data as part of your registration and use of our services. We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. Our customers will be informed in advance by email, if changes are made. We do not assume any liability for the privacy policies and practices of third party companies whose services we reference to, and forward on our websites to via hyperlinks. Which data is affected? It affects any personal data, which you have sent us, but is not limited to your name, your e-mail address, telephone number, and billing histories. With respect to our customers, the context also requires navigation data, location information, IP addresses, and Internet usage data. What data do we collect and process? All data collected and processed by us is solely gathered for the successful and complete delivery of the Sky Sport® / Sky Show® / Sky Store® services. We collect two types of data: The data we require to allow you to use the Sky Sport® / Sky Show® / Sky Store® services;The information you voluntarily share with us to benefit from additional functionalities and a personalized experience. Data in the first category is the data we require to provide the access to the Sky Sport® / Sky Show® / Sky Store® services. The data of the second category are the data that we only collect and process after receiving consent from you and your permission. We specifically ask for your consent to the collection of data in the second category. You can always change your mind and withdraw your permission at any time. The first category includes: The registration data : this data enables us to authenticate you and allows us to contact you. When you sign up for the Sky Sport® / Sky Show® / Sky Store® services, we reserve the right to receive personal information such as your name and surname, gender, language preferences, password, and email Address as well anonymous location information derived from your IP address. Using this data, we may limit access to our services in some countries, as provided by our contractual obligations, and adapt our offerings to your language preference. When you log in to the Sky Sport® / Sky Show® / Sky Store® services through a third-party application (e.g. Facebook), you allow us to collect your authentication information, such as your username and password in encrypted form. We may also collect other available information on or through your thirdparty account, such as your name, profile picture, country, birthplace, email address, date of birth, and gender. You can also volunteer to add more information, such as your mobile phone number, to your account. Account information : this is the data that you provide us for the full use of the Services, such as your bank account information, billing address, contact address, and the communication address you provide should you contact us with questions about our services. If you sign up to subscribe (as defined in the Terms) or if you make further purchases through the services, we may need all the information to complete and administer your payment, and in particular your credit card or bank card information (such as the card type and expiration date ) by us and / or by operators of payment systems with which we cooperate, collected and stored. We may also reserve the right to collect limited information such as your zip code, mobile number, and details of your transaction history should this be necessary to provide the services. In addition, payment system operators will forward restricted personal information, such as a single token, to us for further purchases with the data we hold or your bank card type, expiration date and certain numbers of your card number. Service Data: is the data we need to fully provide the Services, such as the software version, your IP / MAC address, and the version of your service packs. Other Data : is the information we may provide, under applicable law, from public sources. We may also collect and store third-party information that you provide to us, such as when you purchase a product to give to a third party. The second category includes : the data allows you to benefit from additional functionalities.We do not receive any data that you have not expressly consented to. Technical data : this data includes, but is not limited to, URLs, cookie information, your IP address, the type of device you use to use or sign in to the Sky Sport® / SkyShow® / Sky Store® services, the unique device identifier, the type and provider of the service Network connection, but also with regard to the web browser or language you are using. Data regarding the web browser you are using : this is data we require to offer you the functionalities of specific web browsers, additional information regarding the web browser you are using, or access to the settings of your web browser, and to enhance your experience of using the Sky Sport® / Sky Show® / Sky Store® services; these data are not required to use the services. Data regarding the mobile device you are using : this is the data we need to provide you with functionalities that require additional information regarding the mobile device you are using and that enhance your experience of using the Sky Sport® / Sky Show® / Sky Store® services; these data are not required to use the services. Usage data : this is the data relating to your preferred programs, which we obtain from your use of the Services, such as when you interact with trailers, films, series, third-party applications or advertisements available on or via Sky Sport® / Sky Show® / Sky Store® . The data is stored and analyzed in order to further develop our services, to adapt them to the needs of our users and to submit personalized offers to them. If you use or interact with the Sky Sport® / Sky Show® / Sky Store® services, we reserve the right to use a variety of technologies to collect data regarding your access and use of the Sky Sport® / Sky Show® / Sky Store® services. What is the purpose of collecting and processing the data? As a Sky Sport® / Sky Show® / Sky Store® service user, your user data will be stored and analyzed. This type of data collection is used for the automatic generation of offers, invoicing and the generation of film proposals based on previously viewed content. The stored data enables us to constantly improve our services and to further develop our offerings. We strive to improve the use, personalization and reliability of our services based on this data. We therefore collect data with the following objectives: The provision of services : we use the contact data, account data and service data to change the settings of our services and to make further development or personalization possible. This includes deployment, technical support, material customization and software customization, billing. To improve our services : we reserve the right to use data in general to improve our services or to conduct market studies regarding our current services. To improve the integrity of our services and to prevent fraud, we use data regarding your use and access to the Services, as well as the information we receive from your comments on the Services. To meet the requests of a judicial authority : we reserve the right, in the context of and in compliance with applicable laws, to disclose data to third parties upon request of a judicial authority. Such disclosure may be made without your knowledge, consent, and notice. Who could have access to the data? We disclose your information for specific purposes and to third parties, as described below: Employees of Sky Switzerland SA : we strive to keep the number of employees who have access to your information as low as possible. All of these employees have a special authorization for data inspection. Furthermore, this team of employees only has access to data that you need to carry out your activities. Buyer of the company : in the event of an acquisition of Sky Switzerland SA or the divestment of assets of Sky Switzerland SA containing your data, Buyer commits itself to comply with the rights and obligations associated with the use of your data and as set out in this Privacy Policy. Service providers : we use other companies ("service providers") to provide services on our behalf or to help us provide our services to you. For example, we hire service providers to provide marketing, infrastructure, and IT services to personalize and streamline our service, process credit card transactions or other payment methods, provide customer service to collect debt, and to process and manage customer surveys. While providing such services, these service providers may have access to your personal or other information. We do not authorize you to use or disclose your personal information except in connection with the provision of their services. How do we secure your data? We have set up a task force to ensure network security, the security of our IT infrastructure and the security of our information systems. We use technical solutions and adapted, appropriate procedures to protect your data. How can you edit your privacy settings?There are several ways to edit your privacy settings: via email, phone, paper mail, or the Sky Sport® / Sky Show® / Sky Store® platform. You can also contact our customer service via the " Contact Us " pages on our website. What are your rights? You are entitled to demand the modification or deletion of your data. You are entitled to receive information about the type of personal information we hold about you. You may deprive us of the right to use your data for direct marketing purposes. Contact us with questions regarding this Privacy Policy We hope that these explanations have brought you closer to our privacy and privacy obligations. If you have comments or questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact our Privacy Officer by e-mail at privacy@sky.ch 11/2018 Was this article helpful? Talk with Sky experts For questions about your billing, please contact Sky Customer Care Service: Sky Hotline : 0800 700 820 Monday to Friday from 09:00 - 19:00 Contact Form Reply time: within 48 hours For general questions, qualified customers are always here to help: Chat with qualified customers 24/7 live supportArticles in this section Sky TV-Stick - How can I activate the included 2 months? Step 1 After you have finished configuring your Sky TV stick, you will arrive here. If you already have a Sky account, click the "I already have a Sky account" button. If you don't have a Sky account yet, click "I'm a new customer". Step 2 (new customers only) Complete both fields and accept Sky's privacy policy. Step 3 Once your account creation (or your connection for existing customers) is complete, you will be taken to this step which will allow you to access Sky Sport + MySports + Zattoo Premium for free for 2 months. Step 4 Your 2 months included are now active! To use Zattoo Premium, go to your mailbox. With an email from Zattoo you can connect to Zattoo by pressing the button on your remote control "TV". You can change the Zattoo password in the Zattoo website in your account settings. In order to be able to use the 7-day repeat / replay, you have to activate it via your Zattoo account (how does that work? (Link to FAQ). Step 5 To better understand how your remote works, here is an explanation of the buttons. Step 6 As soon as all steps have been carried out, the Sky app is automatically restarted. Now it's up to you to enjoy the best of sport in live or replay! Was this article helpful? Talk with Sky experts For questions about your billing, please contact Sky Customer Care Service: Sky Hotline : 0800 700 820 Monday to Friday from 09:00 - 19:00 Contact Form Reply time: within 48 hours For general questions, qualified customers are always here to help: Chat with qualified customers 24/7 live support