Toggle navigation 1-877-773-3628 Sleep Number Home Stores Sign In Cart Find my store Sign In Search Cart Search CLOSE Privacy Request Form How can we help? * Required fields *Who are we helping? Select an option Sleep Number is committed to respecting the privacy of your personal information. You can use this form to make certain requests about the information we collect. So that we can process your request, we will need some basic information about the nature of your interaction with Sleep Number and the type of request you would like to submit. Privacy Form SHOP SHOP BY SIZE RESOURCES SERVICES COMPANY SIGN UP FOR EMAIL UPDATES How was your experience? 1-877-230-7098Live chat 24/7Find a storeHow was your experience? See offer details page for full promotional details and restrictions We, or our third-party service providers, use cookies and similar online tracking tools to collect information to enable the functionality of our website site, assess and improve our website and services, and in some cases advertise to you. For details, see our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use . If you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call 1-877-230-7098 for assistance. © 2000 - 2023 Sleep Number Corporation and Select Comfort Retail Corporation; SLEEP NUMBER, SELECT COMFORT, SLEEPIQ, and the Double Arrow Design are registered trademarks of Sleep Number Corporation. Chat Do Not Sell My Personal Information Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Sale of Personal Data Sale of Personal Data Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale of personal information by using this toggle switch. If you opt out we will not be able to offer you personalised ads and will not hand over your personal information to any third parties. Additionally, you may contact our legal department for further clarification about your rights as a California consumer by using this Exercise My Rights link.If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we have to take that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore we would not be able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences. Performance CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Back Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPRIVACY POLICY At Sleep Number, we're committed to our customers & recognize and respect their privacy. This is a carousel. Use Next and Previous buttons to navigate, or jump to a slide with the slide dots. At Sleep Number we believe transparency is essential. In our Privacy Policy, we will inform you of the types of information we collect, how we use this information, and who we share it with. Transparency We are transparent about the information we collect. We believe individuals should have choices with respect to their personal information. That is why we provide you with certain choices about how your information is collected, used, and shared. Learn more about your privacy choices with Sleep Number in our Privacy Policy. PRIVACY CHOICES You have clear choices about your information. Protecting your personal information is important to us. We use safeguards and take precautions to protect against the loss, misuse, and unauthorized access of your personal information. Learn more about how we protect your personal information in our Privacy Policy. INFORMATION SECURITY We work hard to protect your information. At Sleep Number privacy is not an afterthought. We respect our customers and understand the importance of trust in the use of customer data. We use the information we collect to provide you a first-class experience as we continuously improve our services and your sleep. PRIVACY BY DESIGN Privacy is core to our mission At Sleep Number we believe transparency is essential. In our Privacy Policy, we will inform you of the types of information we collect, how we use this information, and who we share it with. Transparency We are transparent about the information we collect. We believe individuals should have choices with respect to their personal information. That is why we provide you with certain choices about how your information is collected, used, and shared. Learn more about your privacy choices with Sleep Number in our Privacy Policy. PRIVACY CHOICES You have clear choices about your information. Protecting your personal information is important to us. We use safeguards and take precautions to protect against the loss, misuse, and unauthorized access of your personal information. Learn more about how we protect your personal information in our Privacy Policy. INFORMATION SECURITY We work hard to protect your information. At Sleep Number privacy is not an afterthought. We respect our customers and understand the importance of trust in the use of customer data. We use the information we collect to provide you a first-class experience as we continuously improve our services and your sleep. PRIVACY BY DESIGN Privacy is core to our mission At Sleep Number we believe transparency is essential. In our Privacy Policy, we will inform you of the types of information we collect, how we use this information, and who we share it with. Transparency We are transparent about the information we collect. We believe individuals should have choices with respect to their personal information. That is why we provide you with certain choices about how your information is collected, used, and shared. Learn more about your privacy choices with Sleep Number in our Privacy Policy. PRIVACY CHOICES You have clear choices about your information. Protecting your personal information is important to us. We use safeguards and take precautions to protect against the loss, misuse, and unauthorized access of your personal information. Learn more about how we protect your personal information in our Privacy Policy. INFORMATION SECURITY We work hard to protect your information. FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS SleepIQ Personal Information is information collected through your interactions with and use of SleepIQ technology. We do not sell any of your SleepIQ Personal Information or use it to target advertising. We use SleepIQ Personal Information to provide you with SleepIQ services, such as providing your SleepIQ score and insights about your sleep and biosignals to help you sleep better. It is also used to ensure SleepIQ technology is functioning properly. SleepIQ Personal Information that is stripped of personally identifiable information is used to analyze the performance of our products and develop new products and features. Access to SleepIQ Personal Information is limited to us and trusted partners assisting us in enhancing security, ensuring the SleepIQ services work, and continuing to provide consumers with advanced features to improve your sleep. The health and sleep data that we collect from you through SleepIQ may be considered “sensitive data” under the privacy laws of some states. We only process this information after we have received your consent. You have the right to withdraw this consent at any time.You may withdraw your consent by contacting customer service at 1-800-554-0184, or through Account Settings in the SleepIQ app, to delete your SleepIQ account. A more detailed description of how we collect and use this information is included in the “SleepIQ Personal Information” section of this Privacy Policy. Learn more about SleepIQ Personal Information below. SLEEP NUMBER PRIVACY POLICY We value the relationship we have with you, strive to provide transparency regarding what information we collect, and are committed to respecting the confidentiality of information about you. To this end, our Privacy Policy describes what Personal nformation we collect, for what purposes we use it, with whom we share it, and your related choices. If you are a California resident, please refer to the “Notice for California Residents” section of this Privacy Policy for more information about our privacy practices and how to exercise your rights. This Privacy Policy applies to us (Sleep Number Corporation and its corporate family) and to the information we obtain about consumers during the course of our business or when individuals are purchasing our products or using our products or services. This can include any person who uses our products or services, including your spouse/partner, family members, children, or anyone else for whom you create a profile with SleepIQ technology or who you let use the product or services. When we use the words “you” or “your,” it includes you and any such individual you allow to use the products or services. This Privacy Policy applies to any of your interactions with us and describes our privacy practices with respect to any information we collect about you from any source. If you submit any information relating to another person, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Our websites and SleepIQ may contain links to other websites that are operated by third parties. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, the privacy practices or the content of these other websites. Please read the privacy notices and policies of the other websites to learn how these third parties collect, use, share, and secure information about you. We may provide the opportunity for you to interface with one or more third-party services, including connecting to third party applications and/or platforms, such as a connection through a smart home device (collectively, “Third-Party Services”). Your consent is required for use of your Personal Information with a Third-Party Service. Once you give consent, we may receive information and data regarding you and your use of such Third-Party Service (“Third-Party Information”). You may cease use of a Third-Party Service at any time. This Privacy Policy governs the collection, ownership, storage, and use of Third-Party Information by us. The Third-Party Service’s privacy notice or privacy policy governs their collection, ownership, storage, and use of Third-Party Information. Be sure to read all Third-Party Service’s privacy notices and policies. Last Updated: June 27, 2023 Legal Privacy Policy SHOP SHOP BY SIZE RESOURCES SERVICES COMPANY SIGN UP FOR EMAIL UPDATES How was your experience? 1-877-230-7098Live chat 24/7Find a storeHow was your experience? See offer details page for full promotional details and restrictions We, or our third-party service providers, use cookies and similar online tracking tools to collect information to enable the functionality of our website site, assess and improve our website and services, and in some cases advertise to you. For details, see our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use . If you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call 1-877-230-7098 for assistance. © 2000 - 2023 Sleep Number Corporation and Select Comfort Retail Corporation; SLEEP NUMBER, SELECT COMFORT, SLEEPIQ, and the Double Arrow Design are registered trademarks of Sleep Number Corporation. Chat Do Not Sell My Personal Information Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Sale of Personal Data Sale of Personal Data Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads.You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale of personal information by using this toggle switch. If you opt out we will not be able to offer you personalised ads and will not hand over your personal information to any third parties. Additionally, you may contact our legal department for further clarification about your rights as a California consumer by using this Exercise My Rights link.If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we have to take that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore we would not be able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences. Performance CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Back Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label