How The Global Privacy Platform Makes Supporting Regional Privacy Regulations Easier Discussions around privacy regulations really began to take off with the introduction of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) in the EU in 2016. When the US introduced the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) in 2018, the conversation continued to grow, especially as other states began to adopt similar acts. The Interactive Advertising Bureau’s (IAB) Global Privacy Platform (GPP) seeks to consolidate these technical privacy standards by incorporating all common purposes. What’s In The Scope Of This Privacy Platform? The GPP is an IAB specification helping all stakeholders in digital advertising support regional privacy regulations more easily. GPP streamlines the transmission of privacy and consent signals from sites and apps across jurisdictions to ad tech providers. GPP currently supports the following consent strings: US The IAB CCPA Compliance Framework comprises policies and technical work supporting the CCPA. The Act was primarily enacted to provide transparency and control around users’ personal information in California. EU The IAB Europe Transparency and Consent Framework aims to regulate and rule transparency in the EU. It covers all that comply with EU rules on data protection and privacy – most notably the GDPR. Canada The IAB Canada Transparency and Consent Framework ensures that all ad tech players are working legally with personal data in the Canadian market. It creates an environment where publishers can inform consumers what data is being collected when they visit their website and how they and the companies they partner with intend to use it. What We Are Doing In Regard To The GPP As of Q1 2023, we read and transport GPP fields to third-parties (demand partners and others) and log the applicable jurisdictions so you will need to ensure that your CMP is compliant with this new privacy management standard. The Display SDK now depends on the latest Google Play services location library 21.0.1, which contains a patch to fix the API breaking change that induced a crash with Display SDK version 7.20.0 and earlier. The Display SDK is now certified for IAB Open Measurement SDK 1.4. Want to learn more? Get the technical information Solutions Products Resources About us Career Equativ uses cookies to improve the site, analyze site usage, and enhance your browsing experience. By clicking "Accept", you accept the storing of analytics cookies on your device. However you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent. You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings. Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Non Necessary GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Strictly Necessary Cookies Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Non Necessary This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages. Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website. Enable or Disable Cookies Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!Privacy Policy 1. Who are we? Smart AdServer (“ Smart ”, “ our ”, “ us ”, “ we ”) is an ad monetization platform, Supply Side Platform (“ Platform ”) providing programmatic buyers with exclusive access to high quality premium publisher (“ Clients ”) inventory. This privacy policy governs the data practices applied to the information we collect through our corporate website www.smartadserver.com (“ Website ”). The privacy policy only applies to our visitors’ personal information (“ Personal Data ”) we collect through our Website and in the course of our sales and marketing activities (“ you ”, “ your ”). To access our privacy policy applicable to the data we collect and process through our services of ad technology ( i.e. when you are surfing on our clients’ websites or using their mobile and/or TV applications on any connected devices ), please click here . Smart AdServer is located at 66 rue de la Chaussée d’Antin, 75009 Paris, France. We invite you to read this privacy policy in full to ensure you are fully informed, and if you have any questions regarding privacy, you can contact us at privacy@smartadserver.com . 2. What data do we collect and for what purposes? Information you provide to us We use this information to respond to the request you may have submitted to us through the contact form. We will only use it to (i) contact you in order to answer your request, (ii) redirect your request to the competent team and (iii) properly qualify your request. We may also use such information for marketing purposes if you have subscribed to our newsletters and other promotional emails. You may choose to stop receiving our marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these communications. In addition, if you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. If you decide to subscribe to our services, we will use the information below in order to handle your account, and may request additional information such as other contact information and billing account information. We will use such information to operate and improve our Website and services such as to provide notices about your contract, information in connection with our services, to fulfill your service request, to request your feedback or conduct research. To fulfill the above mentioned purposes we may ask you to provide your: – name and surname;– email address;– job title;– country;– company and type of company;– IAB segment;– phone number. Information we collect automatically When using or interacting with our Website, we may also automatically collect and use certain information and Personal Data from your device regarding your browsing experience on our Website. We use cookies (small text files containing a string of characters, stored in the user’s device) and similar technologies to operate and improve our Website. They allow us to recognize and remember your browser, preferences (e.g. language) and other information. For more information on our use of cookies and your rights please refer to our Cookie Policy accessible here . 3. On which grounds do we process Personal Data? We collect Personal Data from you where we have your consent to do so (e.g. through a check box). Your consent is securely stored and documented in our systems. You may withdraw any consent to personal data processing at any time by sending an email to: privacy@smartadserver.com specifying your request. You may also unsubscribe from our newsletter and external communications at any time by following the instructions contained in such communication. We may rely on our legitimate interests if we consider your privacy interests do not override this interest. This legal ground can intervene in our sales and marketing purposes. You can always choose to object to the processing of your Personal Data. 4. To whom do we provide your Personal Data? Who can have access to your Personal Data? We may share information, including Personal Data, with our affiliates, which include entities controlling, controlled by, or under common control with Smart, and trusted third parties that provide certain services for Smart, such as hosting and CRM tools (e.g. Salesforce). We may also disclose information if: – we are required to do so by national or international law or legislation to do so;– we must comply with an valid or legitimate request or demand;– such a disclosure is necessary in the framework of the defense of our own rights and/or interests. 5. How long do we store your Personal Data? The Personal Data you provide to us is stored for the duration strictly necessary to fulfill its purpose stated above (e.g. answer to your request, send you newsletters, duration of the contract). In any case, we will keep your data for a maximum duration of three (3) years starting from your last contact with us. 6.Your GDPR rights You may ask us at any time: – Access right : to confirm your Personal Data is being processed and/or to provide you a copy of your Personal Data;– Rectification/modification right : to rectify your Personal Data if it is inaccurate or incomplete;– To make an opt-out to the deposit of cookies and to the treatment of your Personal Data by this way;– Right to erasure : to erase your Personal Data; consent;– Right to limitation : to restrict the processing of your Personal Data, (i) if the information is inaccurate, (ii) the processing is unlawful, (iii) you need us to retain the information after the retention for a legal claim, or (iv) you have objected to the processing and a verification of our legitimate interests is pending; – Portability right : to provide you with an electronic file of your Personal Data, or to transfer your Personal Data to a third party, if technically feasible. Your request should be addressed to privacy@smartadserver.com . We will respond within one month. We may extend the response period to two months if such is necessary due to the complexity and number of requests. We will notify and explain the reasons of any extension to you. If we deny your request, we will inform you of the reasons of such denial. If you consider your rights have been infringed upon according to the current privacy regulation, or regarding the denial of a request, you may lodge a complaint towards your local competent supervisory authority. 7. Your CCPA Privacy Rights This section of the Privacy Policy is aimed solely at providing relevant information to California residents under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“ CCPA ”). When you are navigating on our websites, we may collect Personal Information, notably via the use of cookies or other tracking technologies. CCPA Personal Information (“ CCPA PI ”) is defined by California law as information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with California consumers or households. For information on the categories of CCPA PI we collect, the sources from which the CCPA PI is collected, the purposes of collecting those CCPA PI and with whom we may share those, please refer to the sections above. If you are California resident, the CCPA grants you several rights: – The Right to request disclosure of CCPA PI we collect, use, share or sell about you We are committed to ensuring that you know what information we collect, for more information please refer to the ‘what data do we process’ section above or contact us directly at privacy@smartadserver.com. – The Right to request the deletion of your CCPA PI Upon your request, we will delete the CCPA PI we have collected about you, except for situations when that information is necessary for us to: provide you with a good or service that you requested; perform a contract we entered into with you; maintain the functionality or security of our systems; comply with or exercise rights provided by the law; or use the information internally in ways that are compatible with the context in which you provided the information to us, or that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us. – The Right to Opt-Out of ‘Sales’ of CCPA PI. We do not proceed to the sale of your CCPA PI collected when you are navigating on our website. For more information on how we use your CCPA PI please refer above or contact us at privacy@smartadserver.com. – The Right to Non-Discrimination for the exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights We are committed to providing you control over your CCPA PI. If you exercise any of these rights explained in this section of the Privacy Policy, we will not disadvantage you. You will not be denied or charged different prices or rates for goods or services or provided a different level or quality of goods or services. You may however opt-out and/or request the deletion of your Personal Information we process for our own benefit by directly requesting us. To exercise your right, please refer to the section above, or cookie policy or contact us at privacy@smartadserver.com. 8. Transfer of Personal Data outside of the European Union Personal Data may be transferred to our affiliates or a partner located outside the EU/EEA including to third-countries for which the European Commission has not adopted an adequacy decision yet. With these partners, we ensure that appropriate safeguards are implemented to ensure an adequate level of protection including but not limited to the signature of standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission.For avoidance of doubt when and if transfer to partner are realized, this is not for commercial purpose nor for monetary or other valuable consideration. 9. How do we ensure the security of your personal data ?In order to ensure and maintain the security of your Personal Data, we have implemented all technical and organizational measures at our disposal to prevent your data from being unintentionally and accidentally lost, used, altered, or made available to the public without your authorization. Should such an event occur, we have implemented measures to react promptly and to inform you and the competent supervisory authority when necessary. 10. Amendment of this Privacy Policy We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy periodically in order to reflect any change to our products or services or to comply with changes in our legal and/or regulatory obligations. Please check this page for any updates. 11. More questions? If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, you may send us an e-mail at privacy@smartadserver.com or contact our DPO at dpo@smartadserver.com . Last update: January 2022 Solutions Products Resources About us Career Equativ uses cookies to improve the site, analyze site usage, and enhance your browsing experience. By clicking "Accept", you accept the storing of analytics cookies on your device. However you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent. You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings. Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Non Necessary GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Strictly Necessary Cookies Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Non Necessary This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages. Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website. Enable or Disable Cookies Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!Product Privacy Policy DynAdmic provides advertising services (our “Services”) to a variety of companies. Our services are primarily focused on helping advertisers to serve relevant ads to the right audience at the right time. DynAdmic is offering a new targeting concept based on a video content recognition technology that helps identify viewers' interests to serve the right ad to the right person. (Demo of concept: https://www.dynadmic.com/howitworks .) We use our never-before-seen contextual targeting solution to sell tailored and highly focused branding campaigns to the world's largest brands and agencies. Our clients include Emirates, Red Bull, Kellogg's, Audi, etc. This Privacy Policy describes how we handle the information we collect and receive about users. Information we receive and collect We collect your information when you and others are using browsers and devices while visiting or using websites, apps, and advertisements that use our Services. We collect some of this information using cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies. The information we collect includes: device type, operating system, unique identifiers, IP address, location, browser type & language, and header information such as URLs and date/time stamps. We do not collect personally identifiable information, such as your name or email address. We use all of the information we gather to improve and provide our advertising, measurement, and reporting Services. Depending on how you access and use our Services, we may receive information related to: We also collect information from third parties, such as our customers and partners, which includes advertisers, marketing partners, and service providers related to their use and support of our Services. The information can include demographics, purchase information, interests, and any advertising ID or cookie which helps us determine which ads are shown on your browser or device and helps us measure the effectiveness of the ads. The collection and use of that data is governed by the privacy policy and legal terms of the data collector and the website using the data; it is not governed by DynAdmic. We may receive this data from a large variety of third parties among which Google ; in such case please refer to Google’s website in order to understand how Google uses information from sites or apps that use their services as well as cookies and similar technologies used by Google in their advertising products. Use of the information we have We use the information we have to find and match appropriate audiences with appropriate advertisements and to serve customized ads to your browser or device. To do this, we may use information we have about your activities over time and across different websites, apps, browsers, and devices. We may also decide to show an ad based on the website or app you are using, the video content you are watching, things you may be interested in, or requests from our advertising partners, who decide to show ads to a particular audience, sometimes using information they have on file. We also use the information we have to optimize ad delivery, such as managing the frequency and the order in which the ads are shown. To be more efficient, we can use the information we collected to associate the browsers and devices you use so we can provide better and more consistent experiences across browsers and devices, as well as improve our Services. We also use the information we have for the following purposes: How to opt out of the targeted ads delivered to you by DynAdmic From a browser (desktop, mobile, tablet) If you wish not to be exposed to our specific targeted ads displayed from a browser (Internet Explorer, Microsoft Edge, Google Chrome, Firefox, Safari ....) you can opt-out by using the following link . Please note that you can also configure your browser to disable the cookies. As this operation depends on the browser, we advise you to consult the Help section of your browser. From mobile application(s) You can reset your Mobile Advertising ID and remove some unwanted ads by following the processes: - for Apple devices visit https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074 - for Android devices, visit https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en Please note: - You will still receive advertisements; however, they will no longer be provided by us, nor will they be targeted by our system. - You will need to repeat this procedure if you delete your cookies, change your computer, or change your Internet connection. How is this information shared? We work with advertisers and other partners in order to provide and improve our Services. We share information with these organizations as a part of these efforts.Here are the types of organizations we can share information with about you: The information shared is always with a unique identifier, not personally identifiable information, such as your name or email address. How do we store information? Information that we receive, including information collected within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and elsewhere around the world, may be transferred to, stored, or processed in the United States, Canada, European Union, or any other country globally for the purposes described in this policy. We typically retain information that we collect through our Services for 12 months, after which we delete and aggregate the information. We rely on hosting providers, such as Amazon AWS and OVH, in the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Canada and the United States. These providers ensure a level of data protection in accordance with current EEA regulations such as the GDPR, the Privacy Shield, and more. For more information, you can consult the following links: https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/ https://www.ovh.com/fr/protection-donnees-personnelles/ Protecting you, ourselves, and others We may use information to detect, prevent, investigate, and address fraud and other unauthorized or illegal activity; to protect ourselves, you, and others, including as part of investigations; or otherwise to prevent harm. Providing and improving Services We use the information we have to support our services through activities such as infrastructure monitoring and internal maintenance, analyzation of how our services are used, research and development, and billing. How to exercise your rights on your data According to The Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016, you have the following rights: - Right of Access: You have the right to obtain confirmation from us as to whether or not personal data concerning you is processed. Where that is the case, you have the right to request and get access to that personal data. - Right to Rectification: You have the right to obtain the rectification of inaccurate personal data from us, and you have the right to provide additional personal data to complete any incomplete personal data. - Right to Erasure (“Right to be Forgotten”): You have the right to obtain from us the erasure of your personal data. - Right to Restriction of Processing: You have the right to obtain restriction of processing from us, which is applicable for a certain period and/or for certain situations. - Right to Data Portability: You have the right to receive your personal data from us in a structured format, and you have the right to allow transmit such personal data to another controller. You can exercise your rights by sending us a message using the form in the “How to contact us?” section below. If, after contacting us, you consider that your rights are not respected, you can contact The French Data Protection Authority (Commission Nationale de l'Informatique et des Libertés) (CNIL) at https://www.cnil.fr/en/contact-cnil/ . Transparency & Consent Framework DynAdmic is referenced on the list of vendors adhering to the IAB Transparency & Consent Framework ( https://vendorlist.consensu.org/vendorlist.json ). The IAB Transparency & Consent Framework has a simple objective to help all parties in the digital advertising chain ensure that they comply with the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation and ePrivacy Directive when processing personal data or accessing and/or storing information on a user’s device. This includes cookies, advertising identifiers, device identifiers, and other tracking technologies. The information published by DynAdmic is as follows: - Purposes for which consent is required: o Information storage and access: The storage of information, or access to information that is already stored, on your device such as advertising identifiers, device identifiers, cookies, and similar technologies. o Ad selection, delivery, and reporting: The collection of information—and the combination with previously collected information—to select and deliver advertisements for you and to measure the delivery and effectiveness of such advertisements. This includes using previously collected information about your interests to select ads, processing data about what advertisements were shown, how often they were shown, when and where they were shown, and whether you took any action related to the advertisement (i.e. clicking an ad or making a purchase).This does not include personalization, which is the collection and processing of information about your use of this service to subsequently personalize advertising and/or content for you in other contexts, such as websites or apps, over time. - Purposes for which the legitimate interest is invoked, no consent required: o Personalization: The collection and processing of information about your use of this service to subsequently personalize advertising and/or content for you in other contexts, such as on other websites or apps, over time. Typically, the content of the site or app is used to make inferences about your interests, which inform future selection of advertising and/or content. o Content selection, delivery, and reporting: The collection of information—and the combination with previously collected information—to select and deliver content for you and to measure the delivery and effectiveness of such content. This includes using previously collected information about your interests to select content, processing data about what content was shown, how often or how long it was shown, when and where it was shown, and whether the you took any action related to the content, including for example clicking on content. This does not include personalization, which is the collection and processing of information about your use of this service to subsequently personalize content and/or advertising for you in other contexts, such as websites or apps, over time. - Use or collection of data to achieve several purposes/objects: o Matching Data to Offline Sources: Combining data from offline sources that was initially collected in other contexts. o Precise Geographic Location Data: Processing a user’s precise geographic location data in support of a purpose for which that certain third party has consent. Data Controller and Data Protection Officer The data controller is: DynAdmic SAS 694 avenue du Docteur Donat 06250 Mougins, France How to contact us? If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, your rights, or about our Services, please use this form: You need to fill the form. Subject * required Updates to the privacy policy Since we may update this policy, we recommend that you check the current version available from time to time. This website uses cookies in order to measure our audience and provide you with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. We'll assume you're ok with this, but it’s up to you to decide. cookies settings Reject Accept Revisit consent Close Privacy Overview Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Google Analytics Statistics 24 months Google Analytics Statistics 24 hours Google Analytics Statistics 1 minute advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. DynAdmic UserID 12 monthsEnd-Users Privacy Policy Summary Smart AdServer is a French company specializing in digital advertising. Our clients, in particular website publishers, mobile applications, ask us to select and display ads on their environments, according to various criteria, such as your interests, your location, the type of device used, or the content of the page visited, etc. – We do not process any sensitive or personally identifiable data, we use pseudonymous identifiers; – We only process your personal data necessary for the personalization of the advertisements if you give us your consent (through the banners set up by the publishers); – We do not sell your personal data and it is protected according to security standards in compliance with the regulations. You will find on this page all the details on our operation and the various means to assert your rights. 1. Who are we? Smart AdServer (“ Smart ”, “ our ”, “ us ”, “ we ”) is an ad monetization platform, Supply Side Platform (“ Platform ”) providing programmatic buyers with exclusive access to high quality premium publisher (“ Clients ”) inventory, i.e. the websites you are visiting and/or services you are using. As an independent, publisher-focused platform, we help our Clients monetize their digital inventories (“ Services ”) so that they can continue offering users (“ Users ”, “ you ”, “ your ”) content. Our technology gathers User information to optimize the delivery of digital advertising to you. We use this information to effectively display ads on any connected devices you are using to deliver, tailor advertising to you, when permitted and for statistical reporting and analytics purposes, as explained below. Smart AdServer is located at 66 rue de la Chaussée d’Antin, 75009 Paris, France. If you have any questions regarding privacy, you can contact us at privacy@smartadserver.com . The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to explain what information we gather, for which purposes, how we use that information and what we do to protect it. This policy provides details about choices you can make with regards to how we gather and use information about you (“ Personal Data ”). This Privacy Policy applies when we collect your Personal Data when navigating on websites, mobiles and/or applications of our Clients using our Services and/or on any connected devices. For more information regarding the processing of your Personal Data when navigating on our corporate website please read our Corporate Privacy Policy here . For more information on the cookies used when navigating on our corporate website, please check our Cookies Policy here . SmartAdserver participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies.Our identification number within the Framework is ID45. 2. How do we collect data? Smart uses technologies like cookies, tags, and mobile SDKs to collect the data and store it on a User’s device. Cookies are small text files that contain a string of characters, stored in the User’s device. They allow us to recognize and remember the user’s browser, preferences and other information. The Smart tag is a small piece of code that is inserted into a Client’s website source code, which allows them to have access and manage our services. An SDK, or Software Development Kit, is the software used by our Clients to integrate Smart to their mobile application (iOS and Android). Web beacons are used to help our Clients understand how visitors interact with their websites. Pixel tags are transparent images, iFrames, or JavaScript that are placed on a site. The use of a pixel tag allows a website to measure the actions of the visitor opening the page that contains the tag. 3. What data do we process? When navigating on our Client’s websites,mobiles and/or application and/or on any connected devices (including connected TV) we may collect: – your IP address;– cookie information, for example your unique browser ID (Smart ID; universal identifier when applicable);– technical information about the device: browser, operating system, screen size;– information about the geographic location of the device when it accesses a website;– pseudonymous ID of audience segmentation (if the website uses this type of system);– information about other identifiers assigned to the device (IDFA, AAID); – information about the user’s activity on the device, including web pages and mobile apps visited or used. Please note that as part of our Services we do not collect any information that could directly identify you . This means we do not know who you are. We do not know your name, your address, your place of work, your date of birth, your email address, or your phone number. We do not collect sensitive information (such as your religious affiliation, political opinions or health details). We do not create segments, so we do not specifically target children under 16 years old. 4.For which purposes and on which legal grounds will Personal Data be processed? a. Purposes Smart receives, collects or processes Personal Data for the following purposes: – Store and/or access information on a device;– Select basic ads;– Select personalized ads;– Measure ad performance;– Develop and improve products;– Ensure security, prevent fraud, and debug;– Technically deliver ads or content;– Use precise geolocation data. b. Legal grounds When we are operating as a data controller, meaning that we determine the purposes and the means of the processing, we rely on either: i) User consent, if required; or ii) our legitimate interest. When we are operating as a data processor, we are processing the data on behalf of our Clients based on their instructions. Therefore, they are accountable for the establishment of an appropriate legal basis for the processing of the data. You can find this information in their own Privacy Policy available on their website. 5. To whom do we provide your Personal Data? Who can have access to your Personal Data? We may share information, including Personal Data, to our affiliates and with trusted third parties that provide services for Smart, such as hosting and internet connectivity, Demand-Side Partners (DSP), third-party data providers or advertisers, and anti-fraud tools providers. When permitted we may also share data with trusted business partners in order to perform or enhance our products and services. We may also disclose information if: – we are required by national or international law or legislation to do so;– we must comply with an authorized request or demand;– it is necessary in order to defend our own rights or interests. Finally, we may transfer your data to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate change. 6. How long do we store the data? The data we use to provide our Services is being kept up to thirteen months, depending on the cookie or tag storing it. For more details about the storage duration, please see the table below. We may also store your personal data contained in our logs for up to 40 days. 7. Your GDPR privacy rights When we are operating as a data controller, you can exercise your rights directly to us. Please note that we do process Personal Data on behalf of Publishers. In some cases, it may be appropriate for you to exercise your rights directly on the website of the Publisher of your choice. You may ask us at any time: – to confirm your Personal Data is being processed and/or to provide you a copy of your Personal Data;– to rectify your Personal Data if it is inaccurate or incomplete;– to withdraw your consent;– to erase your Personal Data, for instance if it is unlawfully processed or if you withdraw your consent;– to opt out the process of any data;– to restrict the processing of your Personal Data, (i) if the information is inaccurate, (ii) the processing is unlawful, (iii) you need us to retain the information after the retention for a legal claim, or (iv) you have objected to the processing and a verification of our legitimate interests is pending; – to provide you with an electronic file of your Personal Data, or to transfer your Personal Data to a third party, if technically feasible (portability). Before sending any requests, please note and consider that it is not feasible for us to provide Personal Data that is tied to your identity. Instead, you can provide us with your Smart AdServer ID and/or mobile ID and we will be able to connect to this information with the Personal Data tied to this ID (see section: How to find your advertising ID below). Your request should be addressed to privacy@smartadserver.com . We will respond within one month. If permitted under applicable legislation, we may extend the response period to two months if such is necessary due to the complexity and number of requests. We will notify and explain the reasons for any extension to you. If we deny your request, we will inform you of the reasons for such denial. If you consider your rights have been infringed upon according to the current privacy regulation, or regarding the denial of a request, you may lodge a complaint towards your local competent supervisory authority. How to find your advertising ID How to find your Smart AdServer ID on a browser: You have the possibility to oppose the deposit of cookies and to have access to a list of your cookies by configuring your browser. – Chrome : Follow the primary instructions under “ Delete cookies from a site ” section. Search for smartadserver.com. Click on it and search for the cookie named “ pid ”. You can find your ID number under “ Content ”.– Mozilla : Follow the primary instructions under “ Delete cookies for a single site ”. Search for smartadserver.com. Search and click on the “ pid ” cookie. You can find your ID number under “ Content ”.– Opera : Follow the instructions under Configuring cookie settings and “ Manage cookies ”. Search for smartadserver.com. Search and click on the “ pid ” cookie. You can find your ID number under “ Content ”.– Safari : Follow the primary instruction under “ Remove stored cookies and data ”. Search for smartadserver.com. Search and click on the “ pid ” cookie. You can find your ID number under “ Content ” in the pid. The links above will also guide you for the management and erasure of cookies within your browser. How to find your ID on mobile: – If you are using an iOS system (IDFA): for iOS devices, the advertising ID is hidden from users by default by Apple but can be retrieved with third-party apps. In order to find your Apple IDFA, a third party tool is required. There is wide selection of apps that can show a device’s IDFA to users – Adjust Insights by Adjust– Branch Device ID Finder, by Branch– My Device Identifiers, by Kochava– Singular Device Assist, by Singular Labs – If you are using an Android system (AAID): for Android devices, open the Google Setting app on your device and click on “Ads”. Your AAID will be listed at the bottom of the screen. 8. Your CCPA Privacy Rights This section of the Privacy Policy is aimed solely at providing relevant information to California residents under the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA). When you are navigating on our Client’s websites and/or using their apps on your devices, we may collect Personal Information, notably via the use of cookies or other tracking technologies. CCPA Personal Information (CCPA PI) is defined by California law as information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with California consumers or households. When doing so we are acting as a Service Provider, providing adserving and real time bidding Services to the Clients. For information on the categories of CCPA PI we collect, the sources from which the CCPA PI is collected, the purposes of collecting those CCPA PI and with whom we may share those, please refer to the sections above. If you are California resident, the CCPA grants you several rights: – The Right to request disclosure of CCPA PI a Business collects, uses, shares or sells about you We are committed to ensuring that you know what information we collect, for more information please refer to the ‘what data do we process’ section above or contact us directly at privacy@smartadserver.com – The Right to request the deletion of your CCPA PI Upon your request, we will delete the CCPA PI we have collected about you, except for situations when that information is necessary for us to: provide you with a good or service that you requested; perform a contract we entered into with you; maintain the functionality or security of our systems; comply with or exercise rights provided by the law; or use the information internally in ways that are compatible with the context in which you provided the information to us, or that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us. – The Right to Opt-Out of ‘Sales’ of CCPA PI . As we are a Service Provider, we do not sell your personal information, therefore you will need to exercise your CCPA right by directly requesting the Publisher on which behalf we process your Personal Information.– The Right to Non-Discrimination for the exercise of a Consumer’s Privacy Rights We are committed to providing you control over your CCPA PI. If you exercise any of these rights explained in this section of the Privacy Policy, we will not disadvantage you. You will not be denied or charged different prices or rates for goods or services or provided a different level or quality of goods or services You may however opt-out and/or request the deletion of your Personal Information we process for our own benefit by directly requesting us. To exercise your right, please refer to the “opt-out and withdrawing of consent” section below or contact us at privacy@smartadserver.com 9. Transfer of Personal Data outside of the European Union Personal Data may be transferred to our affiliates or a partner located outside the EU/EEA including to third-countries for which the European Commission has not adopted an adequacy decision yet. With these partners, we ensure that appropriate safeguards are implemented to ensure an adequate level of protection including but not limited to the signature of standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission. 10. Opt-out and withdrawing of consent For the sake of transparency, Smart has adopted a cookie opt-out policy, allowing each Internet user to opt out from our advertising network. This ensures that your browser will no longer be identified by our system. Please note that for us to acknowledge your desire to opt-out, one cookie will be placed on your device in order to ensure the performance of your opt-out.Moreover, this opt-out will only be available for the device on which it was created. If you wish to opt-out, click here . A blank page will open, confirming the opt-out process has been completed and Smart will no longer place cookies on your computer. You can withdraw your consent, as the case may be, at any time directly on the website. You can also accept or reject some or all cookies (for example, blocking all third-party cookies) directly on your browser by adjusting your browser settings. However, please note that some websites may not be accessible or function properly if you decide to opt-out from all cookies. If you do not know how to do this, the links below set out information about how to change your browser settings for some of the most commonly used web browsers: For mobile devices you can also refer to the following links: 11. How do we ensure the security of your Personal Data ? In order to ensure and maintain the security of your Personal Data, we have implemented all technical and organizational measures at our disposal to prevent your data from being unintentionally and accidentally lost, used, altered, or made available to the public without your authorization. Should such an event occur, we have implemented measures to react promptly and to inform you and the competent supervisory authority when necessary. 12. Amendment of this Privacy Policy We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy from time to time in order to reflect any change to our products or services or to comply with changes in our legal and/or regulatory obligations. Please check this page for any updates. 13. More questions? If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, you may send us an e-mail at privacy@smartadserver.com or contact our DPO at dpo@smartadserver.com . Last update: August 2022 Solutions Products Resources About us Career Equativ uses cookies to improve the site, analyze site usage, and enhance your browsing experience. By clicking "Accept", you accept the storing of analytics cookies on your device. However you may visit Cookie Settings to provide a controlled consent. You can find out more about which cookies we are using or switch them off in settings. Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies Non Necessary GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. Strictly Necessary Cookies Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. Non Necessary This website uses Google Analytics to collect anonymous information such as the number of visitors to the site, and the most popular pages. Keeping this cookie enabled helps us to improve our website. Enable or Disable Cookies Please enable Strictly Necessary Cookies first so that we can save your preferences!Privacy Policy Opt Out You can choose to decline the web-based tracking features by visiting our opt-out page on your mobile web browser: Opt Out The privacy policy of the LiquidM Technology GmbH in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) This Privacy Policy applies to the web services and websites of LiquidM Technology GmbH, Invalidenstr. 74, 10557 Berlin, Germany , represented by Philipp Simon and Thomas Hille, hereinafter referred to as LiquidM “This Privacy Policy is always to be regarded as part of the respective web presence which directly refers to this site (e.g. under “Privacy” or “Privacy Policy”). As a controller in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), LiquidM takes the protection of your personal data very seriously. We would like to inform you about when we collect what data and how we use it. We have implemented extensive technical and organizational measures (Art. 32 GDPR) to ensure compliance with and adherence to applicable provisions on data protection and data security by LiquidM and as well contracted third party providers. Please note that amendments to this Privacy Policy may be required due to the ongoing development of our websites and the implementation of new technologies to improve our web services. We, therefore, recommend frequently referring back to this Privacy Policy and reading through the current up-to-date version, which is always available online under https://www.liquidm.com/privacy-policy . I. WHAT IS PERSONAL INFORMATION? According to Art.4 No. 1 GDPR, personal data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, therefore can be used to obtain personal or factual details about the data subject (such as name, address, telephone number, date of birth or e-mail address). Information that cannot (directly or indirectly) be associated with a natural person (or only with disproportionate effort), for example, anonymous information, is not personal information. II. WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT AND PROCESS? You can use a portion of our online content without providing personal information. a) Contact forms If you, however, decide to request further information via the contact forms provided on our website, we may ask for your name and further personal information in order to handle your personal request or to provide the services you requested from us or our customers. You can freely decide whether or not you want to provide that information. However, without this information, we are unable to make the desired services available to you. b) User account (LiquidM Platform) Certain services of our Online-Service called “LiquidM Platform” with which you can create and display advertising campaigns on your own, upload list of advertising IDs for retargeting campaigns and specify targeting criteria for your campaigns, can only be used by registered users with a user account. We store your e-mail address during registration. The e-mail address serves as a username to identify your member account, and to conduct relevant correspondence with you (e.g. setting up and maintaining your user account). As part of the registration process, we also collect your first and last name, your salutation and information about your company affiliation, mailing address, to ensure that you receive personalized, competent service. All mandatory information required in order to register is marked accordingly. All further information is provided voluntarily; this data is used for the purposes stated, or to improve our online services. By registering with our websites, you declare your agreement with the General Terms and Conditions of LiquidM and the use of your abovementioned personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you wish to register as a user of our LiquidM App and open a user account, please select for your own safety a secret and secure password in order to ensure the confidentiality of your data. Your password is transmitted to and stored on our servers in encrypted form, in the event that you forget your password, please use the “Forgot your password?” function provided on the website to create a new, secure password. If you want to delete your account, please contact us at info@liquidm.com. If deletion is not possible for legal reasons, access to the data in question shall instead be blocked. Please note, however, that we may be unable to continue offering some or all of the services provided on our websites requiring registration in the event that your data is deleted or blocked. c) LiquidM newsletter As part of our web services, we offer a regular subscription to our LiquidM newsletter. When requested, the newsletter provides you with free, up-to-date information on our services. To register without LiquidM newsletter service, we need your first and last name, your gender, and the e-mail address at which you wish to receive the newsletter.If you wish to subscribe to the LiquidM newsletter, we ask that you provide us with the following declaration of consent: I would like to regularly receive the LiquidM newsletter and agree that my e-mail address, my first and last name, and my gender, as well as any data voluntarily provided, be used for this purpose. I can revoke this declaration of consent at any time by using the “Opt-Out function” in the respective LiquidM Newsletter or via an e-mail notice to newsletter@liquidm.com , as well as by writing to LiquidM GmbH, Invalidenstr. 74, 10557 Berlin, Germany, such revocation to take effect for the future. No additional fees beyond the normal transmission fees of my e-mail or Internet provider shall apply. In the event that my consent is revoked, I shall not, or shall no longer, be able to receive the LiquidM newsletter. I have read and accepted the current privacy policy. III. DELIVERY OF PERSONALISED OR BEHAVIOUR-BASED ADVERTISING (BEHAVIORAL TARGETING) In certain cases, we showcase advertising to you on the websites of our partners and for our customers, which are automatically selected on the basis of your surfing behaviour, in order to optimise the quality of the advertising notices for you (so-called “personalised” or “behaviour-based” advertising delivery and “behavioral targeting”). The objective of this system is to only demonstrate to you content that corresponds to your interests. Advertisements which are unlikely to be of interest to you or which are irrelevant will not be shown to you by the activated behavioral targeting system of LiquidM and will be disabled. In such a case, this section IV. of the data protection declaration applies as part of the respective web-based services of our partners or customers, from which (for example under “data protection” or “data protection declaration” direct reference was made or a link was created. We wish to disclose to you in a transparent manner how the behavioral targeting works, which data is gathered in the process, how this data is used and for what purpose and how you can object to the behavioral targeting function at any time and block it. As a German/European company, the protection of your data is a priority for LiquidM, also in the course of the delivery of behavior-based advertising and LiquidM only uses anonymized data to improve advert quality. Therefore, an identification of your person is not possible either for LiquidM or the respective operator of the website of our partners and customers which you are visiting. You can yourself decide at any time whether you would like to continue seeing the personalized banner from LiquidM. a) How does behavioral targeting work in individual cases? We take part in a programmatic auction system where placements for advertisement in apps and websites are sold. In this process, we may collect information about you and your use of the website or app. This information cannot be used to identify you in real life but it does enable us to recognize your device when you use sites or apps that have partnered with us. Another way we may deliver personalized advertising to you is when you visit the website of one of our partners or customers. On some of these sites, a cookie file is stored on your computer. Cookies are small text files which are deposited by your web browser in a folder on your computer which is designated for this purposes and which contains a single character string as a means of identification. (The cookie does not store your IP address.) The same character string is also saved on our servers. The next time you visit one of our partners’ websites, only the character string is read which identifies the Internet browser you are using. This allows us, for example, to identify which page you have accessed for our partner and which advert you have been shown, without this being linked to your identity. Furthermore, all of the cookies created by us are given an expiry data and automatically expire after no more than 13 months. Without a valid cookie file, the character strong saved on our servers is no longer to be assigned for us. Important: Using cookies we cannot ever collect any other personal data. For example, when you enter an email address or delivery address, or any other personal data, we cannot see your input and cannot, therefore, process or store it. We do not know your name, address or workplace, nor do we know your gender, age, email address or any other personally identifiable information about you. Even the IP address of your computer is not stored! You can view the data stored in the cookie on your computer. Please refer to your web browser’s help directory or your web browser’s FAQ to learn how cookies are stored and how to read their content. The information contained within the cookie is the exact data that we can see Cookie technology does not allow viruses, trojans or other harmful programs to be placed on your computer.A full list of the cookies used by LiquidM and their individual functions can be downloaded here at any time. Should you not agree to the saving of cookies on our part, you can examine your cookie status at the very top of this page at any time, and also deactivate the saving of behavioral targeting cookies by us. Therefore you can object to the personalized adverts from LiquidM at any time. b) How can I disable personalized advertising from LiquidM banners? If you do not agree to the storing of cookies by us, you can check your cookie status at any time at the very top of this page and disable the storage of retargeting cookies by us and therefore decline personalized adverts from LiquidM. This means that in future you will receive random advertising that is not targeted to your interests. Please note that the “opt-out” and “opt-in” functions offered are, for technical reasons, also controlled via cookies. This means that deleting all cookies on your computer means that you will have to opt-out again. It is also the case that the deletion of all cookies on your computer does not lead to no personalized advertising being notified to you on a permanent basis. Therefore, you must use the “opt-out” function as described. Finally, please note that we are continuously expanding our range of products. As this will technically involve a new system, the introduction of a new opt-out may be necessary, even if you have already opted prior to its introduction. c) Can other forms of personalized advertising be disabled in addition to LiquidM? The options described in this section refer only to the personalized adverts offered by LiquidM. If you wish to disable personalized advertising from other providers, you can do this via their respective websites. There is an option to change your settings collectively for various providers under preference management on “Your Online Choices”: http://www.youronlinechoices.com/de/praferenzmanagement/ . If you want to opt-out from the usage of the Advertising ID, please refer to your operating system settings, or follow the instructions below: Android Users (version 2.3 and above) To use the “opt-out of interest-based advertising” option, follow the instructions provided by Google here: Google Play Help . iOS users (version 6 and above) To use the “Limit Ad-Tracking” option, follow the instructions provided by Apple here: Apple Support Center Please note that these are device settings and will disable interest-based ads from all providers, and not just for us d) We also collect information about the advertisements that have been served to you by LiquidM and match them we the Advertising ID from the programmatic buying process. Information about the ads can contain: the details of the ad delivered (e.g. advertiser’s name, type of advert, etc);the website or the app where the ad was delivered;your interaction with the ad (i.e. whether you clicked, hid, muted or otherwise interacted with the ad);whether you performed certain actions after clicking on the ad (e.g. downloading an application, making a purchase, etc). e) How do we use the collected information? We use the information we collect to display interest-based advertising customized to individuals’ inferred interests, preferences and locations, and to perform analysis aimed at improving our services and technologies. We also need the information in the billing process with our customers and to validate the billings we receive from our partners. The information we collect also helps us to provide filtering options for publishers and developers to manage ads appearing on their sites and in their apps, and to provide targeting options for advertisers. In the end, this helps publishers and developer clients, for example, not to present you ads that you have already seen, and helps our advertiser clients serve adverts that are most likely to be of interest to you. Important: We do not store the IP-Addresses un-anonymized or the Geographic location f) LiquidM and Google Authorized Buyers Program As part of the Google Authorized Buyers Program, LiquidM has agreed to adhere to the following Program guidelines . We highly encourage you to learn more about how Google’s products use data from sites and apps that use their services from the following partner-facing documentation . For more information, please consult Google’s Platform program policies . IV. ANONYMOUS DATA/USE OF COOKIES We also use cookies on the LiquidM websites. Cookies are small text files, stored by your web browser in a dedicated directory on your computer or mobile device. Cookies are solely used to identify your web browser in an anonymous manner. Our cookie files only contain automatically generated ID numbers and a time stamp. We neither know your name, the place you live or work nor do we know your gender, your age, your e-mail address or any other similar information about you. The IP address of your device will also not be stored.You can view the data stored in the cookie on your computer. Please refer to your web browser’s help directory to learn how cookies are managed. The information contained within the cookie is the exact data that we can see Cookie technology does not allow viruses, trojans or other malware to be placed on your computer. You can also use our websites without the use of cookies enabled. Most browsers accept cookies automatically. You can disable the storage of cookies or set your browser to notify you before accepting the storage of cookies. Please note that users who do not accept the storage of cookies may not be able to access certain functionality of our websites, or can only use our websites with considerable difficulty. Further information and a full list of the cookies which are used by LiquidM on its own websites or on those of customers or partners, as well as their individual functions, can be downloaded here at any time. In addition, you can generally prevent the storing of cookies by adjusting your browser settings accordingly. V. LEGAL BASIS The legal bases for the processing of your data could be the following: Your consent to the use of data in accordance with Art. 6 (1) lit. a) GDPR;The performance of our service obligations arising from contracts concluded with you in order to provide the services you request in accordance with Article 6 (1) lit. (b) GDPR;Our legitimate interest in accordance with Art. 6 (1) lit. f) GDPR, e. g. Our business interests in improving our services so that we can better understand your needs and expectations and thus improve the services we provide to you; To prevent fraud and to ensure that our websites are used completely and without any fraudulent behavior;To ensure and guarantee the security of our services, making sure that our offer is technically secure and properly functioning;to ensure and enforce our contractual requirements and claims. Legal reasons in accordance with Art. 6 (1) lit. c) GDPR if the collection, storage, transfer or other processing of data is prescribed by law or processing is necessary to fulfill our legal obligations. VI. DATA STORAGE We store personal information you submit to us only for as long as is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which such information was transmitted, or as required by law: If you conclude contracts with us, we store and process your personal data for the duration of the contractual relationship and beyond for the fulfillment of post-contractual obligations and handling of issues as well as for the duration of statutory retention periods (maximum 10 years);If you have consented to the promotional use of your e-mail address, we will store your e-mail address with our mail service provider until you unsubscribe, requesting us to delete the data;If you send us an inquiry, we process your personal data while we handle your request. VII. IS PERSONAL INFORMATION FORWARDED TO THIRD PARTIES? We forward your Advertising ID we received from our Partners to companies running the advertising campaigns on our service or companies providing anonymous audience data in case we register that you saw one of our advertisements or in case you clicked on an advertisement. This is only done for billing and statistical reasons. In certain cases, we are also required by law to disclose your personal information to third parties. This is, for example, the case when the suspicion of a criminal offense or a misuse of our websites occurs. We are then required to disclose your data to law enforcement authorities. Outside of the cases described in this data protection declaration, your data is not forwarded on to third parties and, your information is solely stored in our databases / on our servers (or on the servers of third-party providers). VIII. HYPERLINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES In addition, our websites contain hyperlinks to websites offered by third parties When clicked, the hyperlinks redirect you from our website directly to the website of another provider. You can recognize this redirection process by the change of the URL in your web browser’s address bar. If you have been forwarded to the website of a cooperation or promotional partner, the use of your personal information will only be subject to the privacy policy of the relevant provider. We cannot take any responsibility for the privacy practices of third parties´ websites because we do have no control over their compliance with data protection regulations. IX. PROTECTION OF MINORS Persons under 18 years are excluded from our services and from providing any personal information without the consent of their parents or guardians. We do not request personal information from children and adolescents. We do not knowingly gather or collect such data and do not disclose it to third parties. X. HOW WE KEEP YOUR INFORMATION SECURE When we collect information, we solely store your data on highly protected servers in Germany and the EU.Access to our IT infrastructure is strictly limited to authorized persons who are involved in the technical, commercial or editorial support. In order to avoid loss or misuse of data stored by us, we have taken all necessary and extensive technical and organizational safety precautions, which are regularly checked and updated based on technological advancements in accordance to the GDPR. However, we would like to inform you that because of the nature of the Internet, the provisions of data protection and data security measures described in this Privacy Policy may not be observed by any third parties or institutions beyond our control. Especially unencrypted data transmission – even when sent via e-mail – can be read by third parties. We have no technical influence on this. The user has the responsibility to protect the information he provides from misuse by encryption, selection of a secure password or other means. XI. RIGHTS OF THE “DATA SUBJECT” ACCORDING TO THE RULES OF THE GDPR: According to the EU General Data Protection Regulation, you deserve the right to request access to your personal data (see Art. 15), as well as rectification (see Art. 16), erasure (see Art. 17) or at least restriction of processing (see Art. 18) of your personal data. Furthermore, you have a right to data portability (see Art. 20) and, of course, the right to revoke any consent given to the processing of personal data at any time (see Art. 7) and to object to processing based on the balancing of legitimate interests (see Art. 21(4) GDPR). In addition, you have a right to appeal to the competent data protection supervisory authority. If you have any questions or other feedback on the subject of data protection or would like to exercise your rights regarding data protection, please contact our Data Protection Officer or ourselves: Rechtsanwalt Stephan Krämer, LL.M., Kinast & Partner Rechtsanwälte LiquidM Technology GmbH Invalidenstr. 74 10557 Berlin Germany Version: May 2018 – We reserve the right to adapt this data protection declaration and will announce any changes in good time. Back To Top Navigation Legal Information Newsletter Leave this field empty if you're human: