Our Privacy Policy Effective as of June 10th, 2020 As the owner of this website (the “Site”), Social Gazette (“we” or “us”) understand that your privacy is of critical importance. This Privacy Policy describes what information we collect from you via the Site and how we use and disclose such information. Our Use of Cookies A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed. Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies. We use cookies for the following purposes: (a) [authentication – we use cookies to identify you when you visit our website and as you navigate our website]; (b) [status – we use cookies [to help us to determine if you are logged into our website]; (c) [personalization – we use cookies [to store information about your preferences and to personalize the website for you]; (d) [security – we use cookies [as an element of the security measures used to protect user accounts, including preventing fraudulent use of login credentials, and to protect our website and services generally]; (e) [advertising – we use cookies [to help us to display advertisements that will be relevant to you]; and (f) [analysis – we use cookies [to help us to analyze the use and performance of our website and services]; We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google’s privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can, however, obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links: (d) https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer); Please note that blocking cookies may have a negative impact on the functions of many websites, including our Site. Some features of the Site may cease to be available to you. By using this Site, you consent to the use of such cookies and the sharing of data captured by such cookies with AdThrive, Google, and our other third-party partners. You can view, delete, or add interest categories associated with your browser by visiting: https://adssettings.google.com . You can also opt-out of the network cookie using those settings or using the Network Advertising Initiative’s multi-cookie opt-out mechanism at: http://optout.networkadvertising.org . However, these opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained. Advertising This Site is affiliated with CMI Marketing, Inc., d/b/a CafeMedia (“CafeMedia”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site, and CafeMedia will collect and use certain data for advertising purposes. To learn more about CafeMedia’s data usage, click here: www.cafemedia.com/publisher-advertising-privacy-policy Email Addresses We may collect your email address, but only if you voluntarily provide it to us. This may occur, for example, if you sign up to receive an email newsletter, or enter a promotion. We will use your email address for the purposes for which you provided it to us, and also from time to time to send you emails regarding the Site or other products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. You may opt-out of such email communications at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” button in the email. We will not share your email address with any third parties. Registration or Account Data We may collect other information from you when you register with our Site in order to use various features. Such information could include your name, birthday, postal code, screen name, and password (if applicable). As you use the Site, we could collect other data that you provide voluntarily (such as comments that you post). We may also collect information about you through other methods, including research surveys, social media platforms, verification services, data services, as well as public sources.We may use third parties to provide the functionality to allow you to register for the Site, in which case the third party will also have access to your information. Otherwise, we will not provide any personally-identifying information about you to third parties, except if required by law. We may use your personally-identifying information for a variety of our internal business purposes, such as creating a better user experience for the Site, diagnosing and troubleshooting malfunctions on the Site, better understanding how the Site is used, and making personalized recommendations to you. Transactional Data [We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our Site] (“ Transactional Data “). The Transactional Data may include your contact details, your card details, and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions. Payment processing on our Site is handled by our payment services providers, Stripe and Paypal . We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments, and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers’ privacy policies and practices at https://stripe.com/privacy and https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full Sale of Business or Assets In the event that the Site or substantially all of its assets is sold or disposed of as a going concern, whether by merger, sale of assets or otherwise, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership, the information we have collected about you may be one of the assets sold or merged in connection with that transaction. Changes to the Privacy Policy We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy will always be posted on the Site, with the “Effective Date” posted at the top of the Policy. We may revise and update this Privacy Policy if our practices change, as technology changes, or as we add new services or change existing ones. If we make any material changes to our Privacy Policy or how we handle your personal information, or we are going to use any personal information in a manner that is materially different from that stated in our Privacy Policy at the time we collected such information, we will give you a reasonable opportunity to consent to the change. If you do not consent, your personal information will be used as agreed to under the terms of the privacy policy in effect at the time we obtained that information. By using our Site or services after the Effective Date, you are deemed to consent to our then-current privacy policy. We will use information previously obtained in accordance with the Privacy Policy in effect when the information was obtained from you. Contacting Us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices of this Site, please contact us at contactus@socialgazette.com . Facebook-f Twitter Youtube Instagram ©2022 | Social Gazette | All Rights Reserved Subscribe