Learn More About Our Privacy Policy at Sonic Internet. With Sonic, what you do online is your business. Not ours. Read our Privacy Tips below, and check to see if Sonic is available in your area. Privacy Tips Use a password manager and robust passwords. “Password123” just won’t do anymore. Enable two-factor authentication on your accounts. Use private browsing modes to surf the web. Beware of phishing or spam emails. Even if an email looks legit, exercise caution when opening links and beware of inputting sensitive information on associated landing pages. Use a VPN, or virtual private network, especially when surfing on public WiFi or networks you don’t trust. Sonic offers a free VPN for customers! Cover your webcams to prevent cybercriminals from spying. Change up your browser, and your search engine while you’re at it! Tor, Firefox, and DuckDuckGo are all lauded for their privacy features. Check your social privacy settings. You can decide who you want to share your data with: your close friends, the entire world, or no one at all. Also, be mindful of what information you share on social. Once it’s up, it’s on the internet forever! Avoid public storage. Although it’s convenient, if you rely on storage platforms like Google Drive or Dropbox to house and share sensitive information, you’re taking a calculated risk. Another breach in the news again? How do you know if YOUR data has been compromised? Check out: haveibeenpwned.com to find out. Use software you trust. Make sure the source of your new software is above board before installing it on your computer or phone — and make sure you understand what it’s really doing. Read (or at least skim) the terms of service. Websites and apps are required to gain user consent to collect your information and store it, so be aware of what you’re agreeing to. How does Sonic protect the privacy of lawful customers? CEO Dane Jasper shares his values. Our Policy Our privacy and acceptable use policies can be found in our knowledge base. Here are some specific policy points we’d like to call out: Sonic never sells our member information or usage data, nor do we voluntarily provide government or law enforcement with access to any data about users for surveillance purposes.Sonic minimizes data retention, keeping data from 0–14 days for dynamic IP addresses and other logs and commits to EFF’s privacy-friendly Do Not Track policy. We believe that user data should not be retained longer than necessary, and that users deserve to have a clear understanding of personal data held by service providers. Sonic is also against the re-authorization of Section 702 (the law behind the PRISM and Upstream programs). Governments and other entities should not collect huge quantities of phone, email or other internet usage data directly from the physical infrastructure of any communications provider. Footer Residential Business About Us Support Join the community 2023 Sonic uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site, you consent to our use of cookies. View Sonic Privacy Policy1. Sonic.net, LLC. General Policy By opening an account with Sonic.net , LLC you agree to abide by all policies of Sonic.net , LLC. These policies apply to all users of Sonic.net , LLC without exception; failure to adhere to the stated policies may result in termination of the account at the discretion of Sonic.net , LLC. Sonic.net , LLC. reserves the right to change policies, services, and pricing. Your continued use of an account signifies acceptance of any and all policies and policy changes, and you may cancel if you do not agree with changes in policy, service, or pricing. Sonic.net , LLC reserves the right to refuse to provide service to anyone. Disclaimers Sonic.net , LLC makes no warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, for the service it is providing. Sonic.net , LLC will not be held responsible for any damage you suffer from use of an account or service provided by Sonic.net , LLC unless otherwise agreed to in writing. This includes- but is not limited to- equipment damage, failure or loss of data resulting from delays, non-deliveries, or service interruptions caused by the company's negligence or your negligence or misuse. Dial-up users: contact your telephone service provider to verify that the Sonic.net , LLC modem dial-up number you intend to use is a local call from your location. You may be subject to additional charges from your telephone service provider, depending on your location and calling plan. Sonic.net , LLC can not be held responsible if long distance or other communications fees are incurred. Privacy Sonic.net , LLC is committed to preserving the privacy of its customers and protecting their personal data. Sonic.net does not actively monitor customer use of the Internet, customer email or other customer communications in the course of its regular operations. Sonic.net is also strongly opposed to the use of third-party information-harvesting strategies and technologies such as unlawful wiretapping. Information retained by Sonic.net : Sonic.net , LLC keeps information about its customers such as names, addresses, telephone numbers, email addresses and details about Sonic.net services used by the customer. All such information is considered private. Sonic.net also keeps logs of limited technical information pertaining to matters such as customer connectivity and email processing. These logs are retained on a temporary basis in order to insure high-quality service, and no logs are kept indefinitely. The only circumstances wherein Sonic.net will disclose any of the above-mentioned information to a third party are: In the course of providing services our customers have specifically requested, Sonic.net , LLC may make some of this information available to our affiliates in order to fulfill the requirements of order processing.In the event that we receive a legitimate, legally-mandated request for customer information, Sonic.net , LLC will respond only within the narrow scope of that request. Sonic.net , LLC will not otherwise disclose any private information about its customers to any other third party. 2. Acceptable Use Policy Any prohibited or illegal activity that affects Sonic.net , LLC, its agents, equipment or customers is punishable to the full extent of the law, and Sonic.net , LLC will hold you responsible for any damage caused by your actions, whether intentional or unintentional. You are strictly prohibited from using your account other than as outlined in this Acceptable Use Policy and will be prosecuted to the full extent of the law if you do so illegally (see Enforcement section). Sonic.net , LLC makes no exceptions in enforcing this policy. Sonic.net , LLC functions as a common carrier; our standard policy is to not monitor or interrupt our users' activities, exert editorial control over their content, or censor them or their content. To protect the interests of Sonic.net , LLC and in the best interests of our customers, exceptions to this policy may be made under certain specific circumstances including but not limited to the following: Illegal activities: The law requires Sonic.net , LLC to report any criminal activity that it becomes aware of to the appropriate authorities. It is the responsibility of the account owner to be familiar with current laws and regulations. Email: Email accounts are for personal or business correspondence only. Unsolicited Commercial Email (otherwise known as UCE - or spam) is strictly prohibited and violators will have their accounts terminated immediately. Sending unsolicited email to one or more addresses regardless of how the addresses were obtained may be considered spamming and is grounds for account termination. Use of a Sonic.net address or any address of a domain hosted by Sonic.net , LLC as a return address for replies to spam is similarly prohibited.Sonic.net , LLC may at its discretion employ filtering techniques to block inbound email from known sources of spam and email abuse, and may also filter incoming email for known viruses. Usenet: All users of Sonic.net , LLC news servers agree to be bound by the charter of any newsgroup or newsgroup hierarchy posted to. It is the responsibility of the user to be familiar with these charters, which may include rules about content, spam, language and off-topic posting. Excessive posting of identical messages to multiple newsgroups ('cross-posting') via Sonic.net , LLC news servers is prohibited, as is the posting of unsolicited commercial email (spam). Shell use: Sonic.net , LLC can provide shell access to its users on request. Shell access is an optional service and Sonic.net , LLC reserves the right to grant or revoke customer shell access at any time. To activate shell access, please call our technical support department. The shell server is a shared resource and shell access is intended for use only when a user is actively connected and using the connection. IRC bots, excessive use of resources, and network abuse are all prohibited. The use of any process or program intended to run while the user is not on-line is also prohibited. Sonic.net , LLC maintains a strict, zero-tolerance policy with regard to abuse of user shell access privileges. Any abuse of the shell service will result in immediate revocation of shell access, and further action may be taken at the discretion of Sonic.net , LLC (see Network abuse and Enforcement sections.) Network abuse: Use of Sonic.net , LLC accounts or services for orchestration of or participation in any abuse of the Sonic.net , LLC or any other network, system or service is expressly forbidden and is grounds for account termination and possible legal action. Any action which interferes with the Sonic.net , LLC or other networks or which affects the use of or access to any network is likewise expressly forbidden. Sonic.net , LLC retains at all times the right to determine what constitutes network abuse. Examples include but are not limited to: Attempts to hack the Sonic.net , LLC network or any other network or systemsPort scanningUse of 'cracking' software or techniquesDissemination of viruses or malwareProvocation of attacks on the Sonic.net , LLC network or any other networkConduct which causes Sonic.net , LLC to be blocked by another provider or which causes Sonic.net , LLC to be placed on a "block list" Flooding Sonic.net , LLC or any other network with traffic for the purpose of disrupting serviceMail bombingResale of Sonic services, directly or indirectly, without express written consent from Sonic. This includes sale of Wi-Fi access or any off-premises access to services.Operation of servers for commercial purposes by non-Enterprise customers. Note that it is acceptable to use servers for private or personal use (such as servers to access content in your home and applications that have server capabilities such as multiplayer gaming) and for small business customers to operate private (in-profile) servers for business purposes. Sonic.net , LLC customers must also comply with the acceptable use policies of our upstream providers, UUNET ( http://www.uu.net ) and Cable and Wireless ( http://www.cw.com ) 2.1. Support Sonic is proud to provide personal support from a knowledgeable, friendly, and local support team. Sonic support agents approach all interactions with respect and patience, and we ask that our customers do the same. Abuse or harassment of support agents will not be tolerated and will be subject to termination of service. Voice/Fax Services: Sonic voice and fax services may not be utilized for the following: Auto-dialing or “predictive” dialing, continuous or repetitive call forwarding, fax or voicemail broadcasting or blasting, or high volume telemarketing. Service is subject to immediate termination and the application of all early termination fees if using Sonic’s Voice and Fax services excessively. Excessive use is defined by Sonic as use that substantially exceeds a 120 second average call duration and/or 200 calls per day per channel. Use of copyrighted material: Sonic.net , LLC is obligated to comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 (DMCA). All web pages are subject to copyright law, and members are responsible for the content in their file space. Use of the World Wide Web, FTP, Newsgroups or any other services provided by Sonic.net , LLC to transfer copyrighted material in violation of applicable laws is prohibited and may result in termination of your Sonic.net account. Complete details on the Sonic.net , LLC DMCA policies and instructions on how to initiate or respond to a claim of copyright infringement, including contact information for our designated agent, can be found here . Access to content: Sonic.net , LLC functions as a common carrier and does not censor.Material can be found on the Internet or in Usenet news groups, etc., that some viewers may find objectionable; Sonic.net , LLC is not responsible for any content available via Sonic.net , LLC accounts or services. Any limitation of access to content is at all times the responsibility of the account holder and Sonic.net , LLC shall not be held responsible for access to material that an account holder deems inappropriate. We suggest that minors be supervised. 3. Accountability The owner of any type of Sonic.net , LLC account or service will be held responsible for any abuse of that account or service, regardless of whether the owner was the actual initiator of the abuse. This includes for example but is not limited to: abuse of an email account or dial-up add-on which is part of a customer's account but which is used by a third party or abuse of a co-located server or co-location services by a third party, with or without the account owner's permission. 4. Enforcement and remedy: Violation of any terms set forth in this Acceptable Use Policy may result in one or more of the following, at the discretion of Sonic.net , LLC: Issuance of a warningTemporary suspension of serviceBilling to defray administrative costs incurredTermination of your services, account or accountsLegal action If any activities or security problems involving a Sonic.net , LLC account or Sonic.net , LLC customer's services cause network outages, the owner of the account or service will be billed for network down-time. Any account owner whose account is terminated for violation of the terms set forth in this Acceptable Use Policy will be required to pay any outstanding balances due, including any and all early termination fees. In instances where it is necessary to terminate a customer's account, an administrative disconnect fee may also be applied. Sonic.net , LLC will normally attempt to contact any user in violation of this Acceptable Use Policy before taking action, but depending on the circumstances or the severity of the violation action may be taken without prior notification. In this case, the user will be notified as soon as it is practicable. 5. No limitation This acceptable use policy in no way limits the rights and remedies of Sonic.net , LLC. At its discretion Sonic.net , LLC may take other actions it deems necessary to protect the integrity of its or other's networks or to recover the costs of operation as pertain to identifying and removing violators of this acceptable use policy. 6. Dial-up Connection policy Dial-up accounts are intended for interactive use by a single individual. Sonic.net , LLC reserves the right to terminate idle connections, that is, connections that have been unused for 15 minutes. Personal accounts are limited to one login at any given time. Sonic.net , LLC provides unlimited Internet access to its dial-up customers. "Unlimited Internet access" is defined as un-metered, on-demand dial-up access; this is different from dedicated ("always-on") access. In order to ensure that dial-up services remain available to all dial-up customers, Sonic.net , LLC reserves the right to terminate any dial-up connection that exceeds twelve consecutive hours duration. Sonic.net , LLC assumes that anyone consistently using a dial-up connection for more than twelve consecutive hours at a time will need dedicated-line access. If you consistently use your dial-up account as a dedicated-line account, you will be billed for it accordingly. Dedicated lines are available for an additional monthly charge. Sonic.net , LLC also offers several high-speed, dedicated ("always on") account types. Please see our sales page at http://www.sonic.net/sales for more information. 7. WiFi Network Sharing Policy For Sonic.net , LLC services where customer premise equipment is provided, owned and managed by Sonic.net , LLC that equipment may be used at some point in the future to provide WiFi access to others. If and when this is offered, it will be secured and separate from your own traffic and your local area network, and would provide limited access to guest users. Your own traffic would have priority. A mechanism for opting out will be provided if and when this feature is launched. 8. Technical Support Policy The function of the Sonic.net , LLC technical support staff is to assist customers with initial connection, Internet browser, and email account setup. Support is only available for computers running recent versions of Macintosh or Windows operating systems. Sonic.net , LLC does not offer over-the-phone tech support for issues such as CGI programming, Linux use, your website, or any other issue not directly related to your dialing software or to the basic functions of your web browser and email program.While at its discretion, the support staff may sometimes assist our customers with non-connectivity or non-email issues, any such extra service is strictly 'added value service, and provision of such service does not obligate Sonic.net , LLC to continue to provide such service. Sonic.net , LLC also provides some online discussion groups (web forums) here ; these are an excellent resource, and answers to many questions that lie outside of the Sonic.net , LLC support model may be found in these forums. Sonic.net , LLC will use its best efforts to provide all services to get your computer connected to the Internet but can not be held responsible for hardware or software malfunctions or assist in servicing or repairing your equipment. In such cases, the technical support staff will gladly refer you to outside sources for assistance. Customers should have a copy of their current operating system available when calling technical support; there will be limits to the amount of assistance that technical support representatives can offer if you do not have a copy of your current operating system. Sonic.net , Inc. reserves the right to cease providing over-the-phone technical support to any customer. Please call the Sonic.net , LLC tech support number at 1-707-547-3400 if you need assistance in the Santa Rosa calling area. If you are outside the Santa Rosa calling area, you can contact us at 1-888-766-4233. Technical support can also be reached via email at support@sonic.net . You are entitled to free assistance with setting up your connection, an Internet browser (Internet Explorer or Safari), and an email client (Windows live Mail, Microsoft Outlook, Thunderbird, or Apple Mail) on one computer. Support is only available for computers running recent versions of the Macintosh or Windows operating systems. We offer telephone technical assistance every day, 8 am-10 pm (closed on major holidays and from 2pm - 2:30 pm on Fridays). If you can email, we encourage you to write to support@sonic.net for assistance. If you are able to get online and have other questions, the answers may be in our support pages located at http://www.sonic.net/support/ - we encourage you to check there first. Also, the help files in the program you are using may have the answers to your questions, so please do investigate these resources before calling tech support. 9. Text Messaging (SMS) Sonic may send you text messages about your service to your mobile number on file. Any telephone number you have with or provide to Sonic will be eligible to receive text messages. You may opt out of receiving SMS by replying STOP to a message you receive. Note that if you opt-out, you may miss important communications regarding your account or service, such as communications regarding outages or payment issues. Sonic Notification System This service provides Sonic Account and Internet service notifications, such as install and repair appointments, billing and account information, and outage notifications. You can cancel the SMS service at any time. Just text "STOP" to the shortcode. After you send the SMS message "STOP" to us, we will send you an SMS message to confirm that you have been unsubscribed. After this, you will no longer receive SMS messages from us. If you want to join again, sign up as you did the first time, and we will start sending SMS messages to you again. If you are experiencing issues with the messaging program, you can reply with the keyword HELP for more assistance, or you can get help directly at support@sonic.com . Carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages. As always, message and data rates may apply for any messages sent to you from us and to us from you. You will only receive messages from this number directly related to the status of your internet service. Message frequency varies. If you have any questions about your text plan or data plan, it is best to contact your wireless provider. If you have any questions regarding privacy, please read our privacy policy: https://help.sonic.com/hc/en-us/articles/235963988-Sonic-net-Policies#sonic.net,_llc._general_policy 10. Bandwidth and Disk use quotas Sonic.net , LLC uses a quota system for controlling customer bandwidth and disk usage. Information and specific details about these quotas can be found here . 11. Digital Millennium Copyright Act Digital Millennium Copyright Act 12. Billing Policy Billing Policy 13. Equipment Policy Equipment Policy 14. Sonic Wire Plan Sonic Wire Plan 15. Legal Process Policy 16. Regulatory 17.Force Majeure If Sonic is unable to deliver service because of any condition arising out of or caused, directly or indirectly, by circumstances beyond its reasonable control, including, without limitation, natural calamities and other acts of God; war, terrorism, sabotage, riot, or other civil or military disturbance; earthquake, fire, flood, hurricane, tornado, lightning, severe weather, or explosion; national or regional emergency; epidemic or pandemic; strike, lockout, labor stoppage or slowdown, or other industrial disturbance; power outage or failure; equipment or computer malfunction or failure; inability to obtain labor, material, equipment or transportation; change to the federal, state or local regulatory environment that make it impossible or commercially infeasible for Sonic, in Sonic’s sole judgment, to continue to deliver service, such as the discontinuance of the obligation of Incumbent Local Exchange Carriers to offer and provide one or more Unbundled Network Elements, the allowance of price increase(s) for one or more Unbundled Network Elements, and/or changes in the terms and conditions under which Unbundled Network Elements are offered and provided; change to the availability, prices, and/or terms and conditions of services or facilities offered or provided by Sonic’s suppliers and used by Sonic to perform its obligations, that make it impossible or commercially infeasible for Sonic, in Sonic’s sole judgment, to continue to perform such obligations; change to or termination of license or lease agreements, encroachment permits, excavation permits, facilities attachment arrangements, and/or other means by which Sonic deploys its facilities and equipment in public and private rights-of-way and easements, that make it impossible or commercially infeasible for Sonic, in Sonic’s sole judgment, to continue to deliver service; or any other event or circumstance not within Sonic’s reasonable control, whether similar or dissimilar to any of the foregoing, then Sonic may cease delivery of service on a day-to-day basis. Sonic will recommence service as soon as possible after the causes are removed or ceased. 18. Terms and Conditions of Global Calling Sonic’s Global Calling feature is for normal residential use only and can’t be used for commercial or other special purposes. Global Calling is subject to reasonable use parameters as determined by Sonic. Customers are liable for all charges incurred from fraudulent use. Normal, Reasonable Residential Use Sonic's residential unlimited voice plan and features are for residential members and are based on usage patterns of the average residential customer. Impermissible Use Each of the following is impermissible under Sonic’s residential unlimited voice plan and considered outside of normal residential customer usage: • Sharing or reselling features • operating a business, even if operating from the residence • operating any other enterprise, including not-for-profit or governmental • operating a call center • automated dialing • telemarketing or bulk faxing Was this article helpful? 137 out of 468 found this helpful Related articles 0 comments Please sign in to leave a comment. Articles in this section Footer Residential Business About Us Support Join the community 2023