Cookie Policy Cookie Policy This Cookie Policy describes what cookies are used on www.sony.com ("Site"), which is owned and managed by Sony Group Corporation. This Policy also describes why cookies are used, and how you can control their use. Please note that other companies in the Sony Group are responsible for websites and properties beyond this Site. These affiliated Sony companies may have their own distinct cookie policies; therefore, please review the cookie policies on those websites and properties if you visit them. What is a cookie? A cookie is a small text file that a website asks your browser to store on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference. Those cookies are set by us and are called first-party cookies. We also use third-party cookies – which are cookies set by an organization other than Sony – for our advertising and marketing efforts. Sony Group Corporation may not control the storage or access to these cookies. You should review the privacy and cookie policies of these services to find out how these third parties use cookies and where your cookie data is being stored and processed. What types of cookies are used, and what are they used for? There are four types of cookies that may be set: 1. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the Site to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences. They may also be used for location detection and bot detection. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but please be aware that some parts of the Site will then not work. These cookies do not store any personal information. For example, these cookies may be used to: Detect your location to provide a relevant user experienceAnalyze traffic sources to maintain site stability To find more information on the specific Strictly Necessary Cookies used on the Site, please see the table below, or the Cookie Preference Center when you select " Customize Cookies ." 2. Performance Cookies These optional cookies allow us to track visits and actions so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us understand which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around and interact with the Site. All the information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. For example, these cookies may be used to: Analyze and manage the performance and design of the SiteTrack errors to help us continually improve the Site experience To find more information on the specific Performance Cookies used on the Site, please see the table below, or the Cookie Preference Center when you select " Customize Cookies ." 3. Functional Cookies These optional cookies enable the Site to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third-party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all these services may not function properly. For example, these cookies may be used to: Remember the preferences that you selected on a previous visit to the website, such as country/language and the presentation of the website (for instance, layout, font size, colors, etc), so you do not have to tell us again To find more information on the specific Functional Cookies used on the Site, please see the table below, or the Cookie Preference Center when you select " Customize Cookies ." 4. Targeting Cookies These optional cookies may be set through the Site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other websites. They do not store your personal information but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less-targeted advertising. For example, these cookies may be used to: Collect information about which Sony products and services you have browsed across the Site so that:Sony Group companies can provide you content and recommendations on their websites that are more relevant to youSony Group companies can personalize and target more effectively their email and other direct marketing communicationsOur advertising partners and retailers can provide you with advertisements on their websites and/or websites in their advertising network for Sony products and services that are more relevant to you Limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as to help measure the effectiveness of a marketing campaign To find more information on the specific Targeting Cookies used on the Site, please see the table below, or the Cookie Preference Center when you select " Customize Cookies ." How long do we keep cookie data?We keep information collected from cookies for a maximum of 2 years. For more details on how long we keep information collected from specific cookies, please select "Cookie Details" in the Cookie Preference Center. Adjusting Cookie Settings and Deleting Cookies You can change your cookie preferences or withdraw your consent at any time via " Customize Cookies ". Select the different category headings to find out more and change the default settings according to your preference. We remind you that the cookies you accepted previously might remain stored in your browser. If you wish to remove the cookies already placed, you can do this by deleting these cookies via your browser. You may also adjust your browser settings to prevent websites from setting cookies or third-party cookies altogether. If you do this some functions of our website may not be available or work function properly. Learn more about how to adjust the settings for different browsers: List of Cookies: please click on the links below to learn more about the cookies on the Site. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as logging in, filling in forms or setting your privacy preferences. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. www.sony.com content_lang , sony_stories_first_visit , AWSALB , filter_mode , OptanonAlertBoxClosed , AWSALBCORS , geofilter_country , OptanonConsent , statement_visible First Party sony.com ak_bmsc , s_cc , AMCVS_ , test , bm_sz , _abck , bm_mi , s_campaign , bm_sv , AKA_A2 , _vapi , AMCV_ , gpv_Page , s_sq First Party geofilter_country Third Party bm_sz, _abck Third Party BrowserId_sec, BrowserId Third Party __cf_bm Third Party __cf_bm Third Party dw Third Party bm_sz, _abck Third Party cf_use_ob Third Party __cf_bm Third Party bm_sz, _abck Third Party YSC, VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE, CONSENT Third Party __cf_bm Third Party Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.sony.com utag_main , s_ppv , __td_signed , _ga , s_nr30 , s_fid , s_dur , _gat_UA- , _gclxxxx , _ga_xxxxxxx , _gid , mbox , _schn1 , s_ips , s_tp , s_ecid First Party mc Third Party X-AB Third Party s_vi_csx7Dqccx7Fx7Eiwgdx60bx7Ft Third Party cookietest, QSI_SI_xxx_intercept Third Party dpm Third Party demdex Third Party uid Third Party vuid Third Party sc_at Third Party s_vi Third Party everest_session_v2, everest_g_v2 Third Party _td_global Third Party AKA_A2 Third Party Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. nexim.my.salesforce.com First Party www.sony.com First Party sony.com _td , sst_v71 , gpv_v89 , mboxEdgeCluster , gpv_pn , fil_p31 , at_check , gpv_p7 , nvl_v29 , gpv_p1 First Party at_check Third Party LSKey-c$CookieConsentPolicy, CookieConsentPolicy Third Party Third Party __visitor_token Third Party smn_uid, lum Third Party AWSALBCORS, AWSALB Third Party __cf_bm Third Party Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.www.sony.com ln_or , _scid , _im_vid First Party sony.com _gat_UA-XXXXXX-X , _gat_gtag_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx , _a1_f , _fbp , _ts_yjad , _schn , _ttp , _scid_r , _a1_f_____ , _tt_enable_cookie , _td_ssc_id , _gat_xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx First Party ad-privacy, ad-id Third Party _schn Third Party guest_id_marketing, personalization_id, guest_id_ads, guest_id Third Party IDSYNC Third Party imid_secure, imid_created, imid_created_secure, imid Third Party QSI_HistorySession Third Party TDID, TDCPM Third Party TestIfCookieP, csync, pid Third Party id5id.1st_last, id5id.1st.cached_consent_data, id5id.1st.cached_pd, id5.1st.cached_pd, id5.1st.cached_consent_data, id5.1st_nb, id5.1st_last, id5id.1st_nb, id5.1st_1270_nb, id5id.1st, id5.1st, id5id.1st_1270_nb Third Party Third Party dextp Third Party gid, logicad Third Party tluid Third Party opt_out Third Party d2id Third Party uid_legacy, pfxid, pr, pr_legacy Third Party B, A3 Third Party lv_h18eaA, lv_cf1-yQ, lv_7cAZqA, lv_WDlw9w, lv_gvthkw, lv_ijmxBg, lv_4RPqqw, cr, lv_wtSN8Q, lv_XmfSKw, lv_z-oD4Q, lv_UpEjkg, lv_DwdVUg, lv_vyfNKA, lv_M61pgw, lv_VsnYUA, lv_c2xXkA, lv_HRVOjA, lv_Kx3-Jw, lv_CMIZ8w, lv_hJ-eBg, lv_I_KrXw, lv_f8PSPA, lv_O6VvOw, lv_WoLklg, lv_M5Bm4g, lv_Q4V3Tw Third Party muc_ads Third Party INGRESSCOOKIE Third Party bscookie Third Party _ljtrtb_16, ljt_reader Third Party TR Third Party pfxid, pfxids_logicad Third Party c, tuuid, tuuid_lu Third Party Third Party QSI_HistorySession, cookietest, QSI_SI_xxx_intercept Third Party audience Third Party _cc_cc Third Party anj Third Party _ssuma, ssi Third Party pfxids_logicad Third Party OAID Third Party uuid Third Party [Cookie does not have a name] Third Party Third Party lang, li_sugr, AnalyticsSyncHistory, UserMatchHistory, lidc, bcookie, li_gc Third Party TapAd_3WAY_SYNCS, TapAd_TS, TapAd_DID Third Party stx_user_id Third Party piuid, p_logicad Third Party SERVERID, mako_uid Third Party APID Third Party ln_or Third Party _ttp Third Party Third Party CONSENT Third Party _rxuuid Third Party SOSYNC, SOC Third Party lgcad, obuid Third Party CMID, CMPS Third Party test_cookie, IDE Third Party _auid_xsite, _auid Third Party anProfile Third Party _kuid_ Third Party PugT, PUBMDCID, KRTBCOOKIE_xxxx Third Party d7s_dc Third Party Sony uses Strictly Necessary Cookies to operate this website. These cookies are essential, and will always remain active. Sony also uses Optional Cookies to improve site functionality, analyze usage, deliver advertisements and interact with third parties. By using this site, you agree to the placement of Optional Cookies. You can manage your cookie preferences at any time by clicking "Customize Cookies" Depending on your selected cookie preferences, the full functionality of this website may not be available. Review our Cookie Policy for more information, and find out how the Sony Group uses personal data in our Privacy Policy . Your Opt-Out Preference Signal Has Been Honored Cookie Preference Center When you visit our website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser in the form of cookies or similar functionality. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as expected. The information usually does not directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click the different category headings to find out more and change your default settings. For California, Virginia, Colorado, and Connecticut residents: To opt-out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information or use for targeted advertising, please disable “Targeting Cookies” and save your preferences.Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as logging in, filling in forms or setting your privacy preferences. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy Policy Last Updated and Effective: This privacy policy (" Privacy Policy ") applies only to the information collected by Sony Group Corporation (“ Sony ” or “ We ”) through certain subpages of Sony.com ( www.sony.com ) (“ Website ”) and any other websites, webpages and other online offerings that post a link to this Privacy Policy, whether accessed via computer, mobile device or other technology. Other websites and properties of Sony Group Corporation and affiliated Sony companies, including some that are linked to/from the Website, may have different privacy policies; therefore, please review the privacy policy notices on those websites or properties if you visit them. This Privacy Policy explains the information that Sony may collect when you interact with us through the Website and our practices with respect to that information. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. In addition, please review the applicable Terms and Conditions , which govern your use of the Website. Collection of Information: We do not require you to register or otherwise actively provide personal information in order to use the Website. However, whenever you visit or interact with the Website, Sony, as well as any third-party analytics providers or other service providers, may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how the Website is accessed and used (" Usage Information "). Usage Information may include, without limitation, browser type, operating system, the page served, time on the Website, and the preceding page views. Usage Information is treated as personal information where required by law. The Website is not directed to children. The threshold age for a child differs between countries/regions. We do not knowingly seek or collect information from children. If we learn that we have inadvertently collected information, including Usage Information, from a child through the Website, we will take reasonable measures to delete such information from our records. Information Sony Collects Automatically Sony may also automatically collect your IP address or other unique identifiers (" Device Identifiers ") for the computer, mobile device, technology or other device (collectively, " Devices ") you use to access the Website. A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device when you access a property or its servers, and our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier. Some mobile service providers may also provide us or our third-party service providers with information regarding the physical location of the Device used to access the Website. The technologies used on the Website to collect Usage Information, including Device Identifiers, may include: Cookies. Sony's Cookie Policy Web Beacons. Embedded Scripts. Please note that third parties may collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you visit or use the Website. For example, some third parties' embedded content or plugins on the Website, such as social media sharing tools, allow their operators to learn that you have visited or interacted with the Website, and they may combine this information with other identifiable information they have collected about your visits to other websites or online services. These third parties may handle this information, and other information they directly collect through their content and plugins, pursuant to their own privacy policies. Online Tracking. Some web browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” feature that signals to websites you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. How browsers communicate the Do Not Track signal is not yet uniform. For this reason, the Website does not respond to such signals. Ad Serving and Analytics Services We May Use Sony may use third-party network advertisers to serve advertisements on the Website and third-party analytics service providers to evaluate and provide us with information about the use of the Website and viewing of our content. We do not share the information that you provide to Sony with these third parties, but ad network providers, the advertisers, the sponsors, and/or analytics service providers may set and access their own cookies, web beacons and embedded scripts on your Device from our Website. These cookies, web beacons, and embedded scripts may collect personal information or other information about your use of the Website over time and other third-party websites or applications and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you, including Usage Information. Cookies and web beacons, including those set by third-party network advertisers, may be used to, among other things, target advertisements, prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times, or conduct research regarding the usefulness of certain advertisements to you.To opt-out of such Cookies, please see Sony's Cookie Policy. Social Media Applications Functionality on the Website may permit interactions between the Website and third-party properties, such as Facebook and Twitter. Such functionality enables you to “like” a product or online content, “share” content to other properties, and otherwise link the Website with another third-party property. If you choose to “like” or “share” content or to otherwise post information from or via the Website to a third-party property, that information may become public, and the third-party property may have access to information about you and your use of the Website. You may also choose to participate in a third-party application or feature (such as Facebook applications or a similar application or feature on a third-party property, or otherwise linking the Website with another property) through which you allow us to collect (or the third-party to share) information about you, including personal information. When you choose to participate, you may be opting to link your activity on our Website with that third-party property, which may then collect information about your visits to our Website and may publish that activity to your "profile" or similar feature with that third-party (such as if you choose to share content you find on or Website with your "connections" on the third-party's property). The information we collect is subject to this Privacy Policy. However, the information collected and stored by the third-party remains subject to the third-party's privacy practices, including whether the third-party continues to share information with us or with other third parties, the types of information shared, and your choices regarding what is visible to others on that third-party's property. The third-party may allow you to remove an application or feature, in which case we will no longer collect information about you through the application or feature, but we may retain the information previously collected in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Third-Party Content, Links to Other Properties and Services, and Sony Content on Other Websites Certain content on the Website may be hosted and served by third parties, which may include third-party widgets (such as those that allow you to "like" or "share" content with third-party websites and interactive services or to provide ratings and reviews). In addition, when you are on the Website you may be directed to other websites that are operated and controlled by third parties that are beyond our control. This includes links from advertisers, sponsors and partners that may use our logo(s) as part of a co-branding agreement. In addition, Sony content and widgets may be included on web pages and websites that are not associated with us and over which we have no control. These other websites may send their own Cookies to your Device, and they may independently collect data or solicit personal information. Sony is not responsible for the privacy practices of any third-party. How Sony Uses the Information It Collects and Your Choices Sony will use the information it collects, including Usage Information to: (i) improve the Website’s functionality and user experience, and (ii) inform product and service development as well as sales and marketing campaigns. Sony does not sell information collected through the Website. In accordance with our routine record keeping, we may delete certain records that contain information collected through the Website or otherwise. We are under no obligation to store such information indefinitely. When and With Whom Sony May Share Information Collected We may share information, such as aggregate user statistics and Usage Information with third parties for a variety of purposes, including tailoring Sony’s promotions, advertising and communications we present to you. We may also share your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy and in the following circumstances: Sony. We may share information within and among entities affiliated with or related to us that are in the Sony group of companies (collectively, “ Affiliates ”), some of which are outside the scope of this Privacy Policy, for any purpose, including but not limited to: (i) business development; (ii) support of various business processes; (iii) security; (iv) research and development; and (v) to enable us to aggregate Usage Information between and amongst certain Sony properties. Affiliates that do not use this Privacy Policy will handle your information in accordance with their own privacy policies, the terms of which may be different than this Privacy Policy. Third Parties Providing Services on Our Behalf. We may from time to time employ third parties to perform functions on our behalf; examples include hosting or operating the Website and performing data analysis. We may share information with third parties for them to provide content or otherwise perform services for Sony.We and our Affiliates may also share your information with third-party advertising partners and with co-promotion partners. Business Transfers. Sony or any of its assets, including the Website may be sold, or other transactions may occur in which information collected by the Website is a business asset in the transaction. In such a case, your information may be one of the business assets we transfer. Hence, Sony and our Affiliates reserve the right to disclose and transfer user information in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, reorganization, the sale of certain stock and/or assets, or other corporate change including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process. Legal Protections and Law Enforcement. We may transfer and disclose information, including Usage Information and Device Identifiers (including IP addresses), to third parties: to comply with a legal obligation; to prevent fraud; when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; to verify or enforce Sony’s Terms and Conditions or other applicable policies; to respond to an emergency; or otherwise to protect the rights, property, safety, or security of third parties, visitors to our Website or the public. We may also use Device Identifiers to identify users, and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners, Internet service providers, wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies, in our discretion. Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you. Security; Retention and Monitoring Unless otherwise required by law, we are not responsible for monitoring or recording any activity on the Website, although we reserve the right to do so. To help protect you and others, we monitor use of the Website, and we use the information we collect, in order to: identify fraudulent activities; prevent abuse of and investigate and/or seek prosecution for any potential threats to or misuse of the Website; ensure compliance with the applicable Terms & Conditions and this Privacy Policy; investigate violations of or enforce these agreements; and otherwise to protect the rights and property of us, our partners, and customers. Monitoring may result in the collection, recording, and analysis of online activities performed on the Website. If you do not consent to these conditions, you must discontinue your use of the Website. We seek to maintain reasonable security measures designed to help protect the information we collect against unauthorized or accidental disclosure, access, misuse, loss, or alteration. There is no such thing as perfect security. Although we strive to protect the information we collect, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information. We may retain information as long as it is necessary for us to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. In addition, we may retain information for an additional period as is permitted or required to, among other things, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce agreements. Where and when required by applicable law, we shall delete the information we collect. Even if we delete information from active databases, the information may remain on backup or storage media. Personal Information Processing and Transfer Sony operates globally and the Website is available to users worldwide. By using the Website, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to the processing, storage and transfer of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. Please be aware that the information Sony collects may be transferred to and/or processed in one or more countries other than the one in which you reside and/or are a citizen. The privacy laws of such jurisdiction(s) may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen. Sony complies with all applicable legal requirements relating to the processing and transfer of personal information Changes to Privacy Policy Sony reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time, without prior notice to you, and any changes will become effective immediately upon posting, so please review this Privacy Policy periodically. If we make any material changes, we will post an updated notice on the Website prior to the changes becoming effective. Contact Information If you have any questions or comments about our practices regarding personal information or about this Privacy Policy, please write to us at Sony: Compliance & Privacy Department. Sony Group Corporation 1-7-1 Konan, Minato-ku, Tokyo 108-0075 Japan Please be aware that other Sony Group companies may hold personal information about you based on your location and your interaction with other Sony products, services and devices. You can find links to the relevant Sony Group companies in your region by visiting here .Please refer to their respective websites and Privacy Policies to learn more about their practices and to find contact details for any questions you may have about the processing of your information. Sony uses Strictly Necessary Cookies to operate this website. These cookies are essential, and will always remain active. Sony also uses Optional Cookies to improve site functionality, analyze usage, deliver advertisements and interact with third parties. By using this site, you agree to the placement of Optional Cookies. You can manage your cookie preferences at any time by clicking "Customize Cookies" Depending on your selected cookie preferences, the full functionality of this website may not be available. Review our Cookie Policy for more information, and find out how the Sony Group uses personal data in our Privacy Policy . Your Opt-Out Preference Signal Has Been Honored Cookie Preference Center When you visit our website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser in the form of cookies or similar functionality. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as expected. The information usually does not directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click the different category headings to find out more and change your default settings. For California, Virginia, Colorado, and Connecticut residents: To opt-out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information or use for targeted advertising, please disable “Targeting Cookies” and save your preferences. Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as logging in, filling in forms or setting your privacy preferences. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label