Verifiable Consumer Request Form Verifiable Consumer Request Form Charter Communications (Spectrum) takes seriously the responsibility of protecting your privacy and the information it collects or otherwise processes about you. If you are a resident (“consumer”) of the states of California (“CA”), Connecticut (“CT”), Colorado (“CO”), or Virginia (“VA”), and you would like to submit a request to access, delete, or correct your personal information in accordance with the privacy laws of your state (e.g. California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), Colorado Data Privacy Act (“CDPA”), Connecticut Data Privacy Act (“CDPA”), and Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“VCDPA”)) you may do so by completing this online form. You may also use this online form to request to appeal a decision made by Spectrum regarding a previous request. For more information about your privacy rights, please visit our Privacy Center. Please choose the request type you want to submit: Before submitting your request, please review the Spectrum Privacy Policy and, if you are a California resident, our California Consumer Privacy Rights Policy. By clicking the “Agree & Continue” button, you acknowledge that you are a current resident of CA, CO, CT or VA, that you have read the applicable privacy policies and understand the consumer privacy rights available to you, pursuant to your state of residency. © 2023 Charter CommunicationsHome › Community Guidelines Community Guidelines Posts: 4,136 ADMIN edited August 2 Welcome to the Spectrum Community! If you are a new member, thanks for joining. In the Community, you can look for answers or post questions about things like Spectrum products and services, programming, or even your home entertainment equipment. If you are not a member yet, you will need to register before you can post a new question or leave a comment. Anyone can view pages; you do not have to register to view threads. We hope you find these Forums to be a valuable resource, and we look forward to your participation. Feel free to take a look around. Our Shared Strategy The Spectrum Community is a public area for peer to peer support where customers and employees can exchange ideas, ask questions and create valuable, relevant content in order to support an enhanced customer experience and foster trust in the products and services we provide. We invite you to join the discussion with other Forums members. We are providing these guidelines to ensure the Forums remain active and helpful. The Forums are a free added benefit and membership is available to all Spectrum customers with My Spectrum log in. Membership also comes with the responsibility to review and follow these guidelines. Please note that we reserve the right to change or update these guidelines as needed and without notification. Before your first post, we ask that you please review the following: Be respectful and courteous. The Community Forums are a place to exchange ideas, tips, information and techniques related to Spectrum products and services. Anyone can search and read the posts but you must register with your Spectrum ID to ask or answer questions or interact with the posts. We want you, and all Members, to feel comfortable sharing thoughts and ideas. We ask that you follow the Golden Rule and treat other Community Members the way you would like to be treated. Keep your tone positive and your comments constructive. Your posts should sound like you are talking to your favorite neighbor. Be relevant to the topic of discussion. Make sure your contributions are relevant to the Community and to the specific category or discussion where you post. For example, if you have a question about Spectrum Internet, please make sure you post it in the Connectivity discussion forum. If you are commenting, keep your comments related to the contents of the post If you have a similar issue, you can select “I have the same issue”. You can also post a new discussion. You can reference the older discussion where you found a similar issue. Posting a similar issue in an existing discussion can make the original question difficult to follow. If you are responding to a specific post, be sure to mention the user that wrote the post either by using the @ symbol, which will list the active members of the thread, or selecting “quote”. Quotes can be edited if you are only responding to part of a post or a specific sentence. This helps the flow of the thread and helps others understand your comments. Protect the privacy of yourself and others. The Community is a public forum and should be treated as such. Please do not post personal information in the Community – neither your own personal information, nor the personal information of others. You may share your first name if you wish, but you should avoid disclosing information that can identify you and your account. This includes: Your full name Your telephone numberYour Physical/Mailing AddressEmail addressesCredit Card numbersAccount numbersAny other personally identifiable information such as:date of birth, Social Security number, order numbers ticket number or other information that could compromise your privacy or security. Please DO NOT use your phone number as your username Any usernames that are also phone numbers will be changed When posting information such as modem logs, please redact private information including IP addresses and MAC addresses. Use good judgment. Remember, not all advice is sound advice. While Members and Employees will do their best to help each other, it is possible for information provided in the Community to be wrong, incomplete, or not applicable to your specific situation. Always apply good judgment and feel free to seek information from other Spectrum channels . While moderators will periodically review content posted to the Forums, Spectrum assumes no responsibility for the accuracy of information posted by Community members. If you see content that is questionable, you may flag it for a moderator to review. Search before posting. As a best practice, we suggest that you search the Community for your discussion topic before starting a new discussion. If you don’t find the information you are looking for, please start a new discussion.When you post your new discussion, do not post it to multiple categories, please only post one discussion to the category that is most relevant. Comply with the Terms of Use. By registering and participating in the Community you agree to follow these guidelines as well as the Terms of Service for the Spectrum Community. If you observe a violation of these guidelines, please notify us by choosing “Report Content” from the post’s Options menu (the gear in the upper right corner). By registering you agree to comply with the Forum Guidelines set forth below, and you agree to be bound by our website Terms of Service . In case of discrepancy between these Guidelines and the Terms of Use, the Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy will govern. DMCA - Copyright Infringement & Digital Millennium Copyright Act Forum Posting Guidelines Please DO Ask questions about Spectrum, our products or our services. You can ask questions such as “How do I program a DVR?” or "How do I get the most out of my internet service?”. Unless you provide all information needed, you will likely be asked follow-up questions as part of the troubleshooting process. DO Respond to any topic . We know that sometimes the best answers come from our customers themselves and encourage you to share your knowledge and experience with the rest of the community. DO Keep it relevant . Staying on topic will help make the forums as useful for as many people as possible. DO Keep it friendly . We’ll moderate the forums as needed, but we encourage you to flag any content that you find abusive, offensive or inappropriate by clicking on “Report Content” to a Moderator. The Moderator will determine if the comment needs to be edited or removed. DO Use a descriptive topic subject. This will ensure that others who can help will see your post more easily and will improve your chances of receiving a response. As an example, if you have a question about not receiving email, do not use "email" as the subject title of your post. Instead, use a subject title like "not receiving email with Windows Mail". DO Keep it clean. Use appropriate language and netiquette. This includes offering assistance to others where you can. In addition, we ask that you avoid typing in ALL CAPS, avoid profanity, inflammatory remarks, and inappropriate images DO Keep it legal. We prohibit the posting of any material (i) that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other intellectual property or proprietary right of any third party, (ii) that contains software viruses or any other computer code or files that are designed to disrupt, damage, or limit the functioning of any software or hardware, (iii) that is deemed to be illegal under any local, state, federal, or international law, or (iv) that encourages criminal conduct. Doing so may result in a loss of posting privileges, and we reserve the right to take legal action as appropriate. Use caution when taking advice from other Forums members. You alone are responsible for assessing the credibility of other user postings. Spectrum will not be liable for any damages to equipment or services caused by your reliance on the opinions set forth in the Forums. Please Do NOT : DO NOT Post Personal Information in the Forums: Please do your best to keep your identity and personal information safe. This includes: Your full name Your telephone numberYour Physical/Mailing AddressEmail addressesCredit Card numbersAccount numbersAny other personally identifiable information such as:date of birth, Social Security number, order numbers ticket number or other information that could compromise your privacy or security. DO NOT USE YOUR PHONE NUMBER AS YOUR USERNAME Any usernames that are also phone numbers will be changed DO NOT Post controversial content. This includes anything defamatory, obscene, pornographic, indecent, lewd, harassing, threatening, harmful, abusive, inflammatory, discriminatory or otherwise objectionable or injurious to third parties. DO NOT Present yourself or pose as someone you are not. DO NOT Use the Community for Solicitation: Please refrain from promoting third party services, products, websites, or organizations or that would constitute advertising, junk mail, chain letters, or any other form of unauthorized solicitation. DO NOT Post spam . Spam is repeated/multiple posts of the same question or content designed to disrupt conversations or to draw attention to content. One post on a topic is sufficient. DO NOT engage in Harassment We are committed to making participation in this Forum a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of level of experience, or any other factor whether self-identified or implied, that makes members unique from one another.Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include: The use of offensive language or imageryPersonal attacks Threatening comments or languageTrolling or insulting/derogatory commentsPublic or private harassmentPublishing other’s private information, such as physical or electronic addressesOther unethical or unprofessional conduct Removal of content and limitation of user access Spectrum reserves the right to edit, remove or ban any user or post at any time for any reason. Moderators have sole discretion to take any action they deem necessary to support the Guidelines or the Terms of Use. Moderators may take any action including editing or deleting material (posts, photos, attachments, profile data, avatars and private messages) as well as banning individual users whose behavior detracts from the experience of other users or the purpose of the Community Forums. Illegal Content and/or Activities Illegal Content posts, e.g. Pirated Software and/or requests, how-to's on obtaining any content without a legal purchase, copyrighted material, etc., will be removed. Trolling Trolls are individuals who start inflammatory threads or post rude or offensive messages for the purpose of disrupting a discussion or to upset other forum participants. Trolling behavior includes purposely harassing a Forum member, employee, moderator, or administrator, either in posts or by sending them rude or unwanted/unsolicited private messages. Trolls risk having their posts removed and may be banned from participating in the Forums. Disclaimer Spectrum has no obligation to edit or monitor content posted by participants in the Forums. However, Spectrum retains the right, in its sole discretion, to do so, and may remove posts Spectrum deems to be inappropriate, inaccurate, harmful or objectionable. Spectrum may deny a user access to the Forums at any time and for any reason, including for any violation of the above guidelines or the website Terms of Service. Spectrum also reserves the right to edit, delete, modify, or discontinue the Spectrum Community at any time without prior notification. Intellectual Property By posting, you grant Spectrum irrevocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable permission to use ideas and materials submitted. Any posted content is public and becomes the property of Spectrum. Any and all intellectual property rights you have that cover or are in any way related to the materials, whether in patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, or any other proprietary right, in each case without restrictions of any kind and without any payment or other consideration of any kind, or permission or notification, to you or any third party. Spectrum Employees in the Community Some Spectrum Employees, including Community Managers, Moderators, and employee Subject Matter Experts, will have the Spectrum logo next to their user names. These Employees may be able to help out when assistance is requested, but please keep in mind that the Spectrum Community is first and foremost a peer-to-peer community, not a direct customer support channel. If you need direct customer support, please reference Spectrum.com/contact-us for available options. Changes to these Guidelines We may periodically modify and supplement these Guidelines. You are responsible for regularly checking the Guidelines for revisions. All amended terms become effective upon our posting, and any use of the Community Forum after such revisions have been posted signifies your consent and agreement to the modified Guidelines. Ready to get started? We are glad you are here! Thanks for your participation. Welcome! Quick Links Categories 44 Community Information251 Internet146 Watch TV125 Spectrum TV App45 Spectrum Mobile51 Voice79 My Spectrum Account440 The Archives