GDPR Readiness for ironSource Mobile Partners You've all heard of GDPR. You know it's coming, and you know it's going to affect you in big ways. Below we've summarized how we're handling it at ironSource, and what you need to do on your end to make this transition as easy, seamless and compliant as possible. THE DATA PROTECTION ADDENDUM - ACTION REQUIRED As part of the requirements under the GDPR, additional terms need to be implemented with respect to our partnership and the related processing of end users’ information. Please find below the data protection addendum (DPA) for your acceptance. The DPA should be accepted by you at your earliest convenience, but no later than April 15, 2018. THE GDPR AND HOW IT MAY AFFECT YOU The GDPR is the new data protection law adopted by the European Union. It will replace the current data protection law, the Data Protection Directive, as of May 25th, 2018. The GDPR will cover almost anything you may do with the personal data (including device identifiers, advertising identifiers, IP addresses, etc.) of individuals located in Europe, regardless of whether you have an actual company or offices located in Europe. The GDPR will require enhanced transparency and accountability regarding the collection and use of data of end users in Europe, by you or any authorized third party, and provides such end users with certain rights related to their data. HOW IRONSOURCE ENSURES THAT OUR PARTNERSHIP COMPLIES WITH THE GDPR Ensuring full and seamless compliance with all regulation is one of our highest priorities, and we continue to invest extensive resources in making sure that our products and services respect users’ privacy and comply with applicable laws. We regularly consult with leading EU privacy lawyers, and we have a team of skilled legal, security, product, and R&D professionals that lead our compliance efforts and ensure that our products and activities adhere to the GDPR and its guidelines. In addition to the data processing addendum referred to above, we are taking further actions in order to comply with GDPR requirements. Such actions include, among others, obtaining an ISO 27001 certification, which demonstrates adherence to high security standards and adequate controls of the data we collect. We will also be updating our privacy policy to be inline with the requirements set forth in the GDPR. The updated privacy policy will be ready by early May 2018. Once ready, we will inform you so that you may include a link to such privacy policy within your privacy policy, in order to comply with required disclosures under the GDPR. QUESTIONS? Our GDPR compliance team is happy to answer any questions regarding our GDPR readiness. Please don’t hesitate to contact us.