Privacy Statement Effective Date: 12/22/2022Last Updated: 12/22/2022 This Privacy Statement describes the privacy practices of Sumo Logic, Inc. and its affiliates (“Sumo Logic”, “we” or “us”) and applies to the information we collect about you when you use our websites or cloud analytics solutions (collectively, the “Services”), or when you otherwise communicate with us. This statement does not apply to the information we process on behalf of our customers via our cloud analytics solutions (which is subject to our customer agreements), but it does apply to the information we collect about the individuals that use these solutions on behalf of our customers. We may change this Privacy Statement from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this statement and, in cases where there are material changes, we will provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our website homepage or sending you a notification) prior to the changes becoming effective. We encourage you to review the Privacy Statement whenever you access the Services or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you. Please note that our Services are designed for enterprise customers, and we process personal information of business contacts who work for those customers. Some U.S. state privacy laws (such as Virginia) do not apply to personal information collected in a commercial context and so would not apply to the personal information we process under this Privacy Statement. CONTENTS COLLECTION OF INFORMATION Information You Provide to Us We collect information when you register for an account, fill out a form or a survey, attend an event or training, post on our blog or Community forum, make a purchase, request customer support, access content (like a whitepaper), apply for a job, or otherwise communicate with us. The information you may provide includes your name and contact information (including email, phone and address), company information (including name and job title), social media handles, account username and password, payment method information, and any other information you choose to provide us. Automatically Collected Information When you use our Services, we collect the following information about you: Usage Information: we collect usage information, such as what pages of our websites you access, the screens or features of our cloud analytics solution you use, software or content you access, and other similar types of usage information.Log Information: We collect standard log files when you use our Services, which include the type of web browser you use, access times and dates, pages viewed, your IP address, and the page you visited before navigating to our websites.Information We Generate: We generate some information about you based on other information we have collected. For example, like many platforms, we use your IP address to derive the approximate location of your device. We also take notes and observations about the business contacts of our customers to help evaluate sales opportunities and about job applicants as part of our hiring process. Information Collected by Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies: For information about cookies and other tracking technologies we use, and options to disable them, please see our Cookie Policy . Information We Collect from Other Sources We also obtain information about you from other sources. For instance, we receive information about contacts of potential customers through other sites that distribute our content or webinars, from data analytics and marketing services like Dun & Bradstreet and through refer-a-friend tools made available on our Services. This information includes your name, contact information (including email and phone), job title, and company.USE OF INFORMATION We use the information we collect to: Provide, maintain and improve our Services, and develop new products and servicesProcess transactions and send you related information, including confirmations and invoicesEvaluate sales leads and identify contacts for new customersSend you technical notices, security alerts, account notifications and other administrative messagesRespond to your comments, questions, and customer service requestsCommunicate with you about content, services, and events offered by Sumo Logic and others, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you Evaluate your application for employment and consider you for new positionsMonitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our ServicesDetect, investigate and prevent fraud or other illegal activities and protect the rights and property of Sumo Logic and othersPersonalize your online experience and the advertisements you seeFacilitate contests and promotions as well as other giveaways and process and deliver entries and rewards SHARING OF INFORMATION We share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Statement: With companies and contractors that perform services for us, including email service providers, customer relationship management services, recruiting and applicant management services, and other service providersIn response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law or legal process, including lawful requests by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirementsIf we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, if we believe you have violated the law, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of Sumo Logic or others In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another companyBetween and among Sumo Logic and our current and future parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other companies under common control and ownership for use consistent with this Privacy StatementWith your consent or at your direction. For instance, if you publicly post on our blog or community forum, this information will be shared with the public and other forum participants We also share aggregated or other information not subject to obligations under the data protection laws of your jurisdiction. ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS SERVICES PROVIDED BY OTHERS We allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet. These entities use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Services and other websites and online services, including your IP address, device identifiers, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked, and conversion information. This information may be used by Sumo Logic and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites, and better understand your online activity. For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info . If you are in a country in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland or the UK please visit www.youronlinechoices.eu/ . Various browsers allow a “do not track” (DNT) setting that relies on a technology known as a DNT header, which sends a signal to websites visited by the individual about the individual’s browser DNT setting. At this time, there is no general agreement on how companies like Sumo Logic should interpret DNT signals. Therefore, Sumo Logic does not currently commit to respond to DNT signals, whether that signal is received on a computer or on a mobile device. YOUR CHOICES Account Information You may update certain account information you provide via our Services (such as your name and email address) by logging into your account, but note that we retain certain information when required or permitted by law. Promotional Communications You may opt out of receiving promotional emails or text messages from Sumo Logic by following the instructions in those emails or text messages. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations. CONTACT US If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, please contact us at: privacy@sumologic.com , or by mail to: Sumo Logic Inc. c/o Legal Department 305 Main Street Redwood City, CA 94063.If you are in the European Economic Area (EEA), UK or Switzerland, you may also contact us at: emea-privacy@sumologic.com or by mail to: SumoLogic Limited, c/o General Counsel Aviation House 125 Kingsway London, WC2B 6HN. INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS This section provides additional disclosures required by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). In the last 12 months, we collected the following categories of personal information: identifiers (such as name and contact information), professional or employment-related information and education history (such as for job applications or about potential and current customer contacts), internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing behavior), inferences (such as approximate location or product interests) and other personal information (such as payment method information). For more details about the personal information we collect, including the categories of sources, please see the “ Collection of Information ” section above. We collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the “Use of Information” section above. We share this information with the categories of recipients described in the “Sharing of Information” section above. Further details on our sharing are provided below: CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION CATEGORIES OF RECIPIENTS WITH WHOM INFORMATION MAY BE SHARED Identifiers (such as name and contact information)Professional or employment-related information and education history (such as for job applications or about potential and current customer contacts)Internet or other network activity information (such as browsing behavior)Inferences (such as approximate location or product interests)Other personal information (such as payment method information)Affiliates and subsidiariesAnalytics providers Cloud storage providersCustomer relationship management providersCommunications providersMarketing and advertising partnersPayment processing companiesProviders of recruiting and application management servicesOther people with whom you choose to share your information, like when you post on our blog or community forum We offer various financial incentives. These may benefit business contacts who sign up to receive our marketing emails or submit helpful information to Sumo, or respond by providing personal information in the course of a Sumo giveaway or other special happenings. For example, we may provide branded Sumo gear to survey participants, gift boxes for customers attending events, free add-ons to our Services for joining a promotion, or a limited discount for new customers. When you participate in a financial incentive, we collect personal information from you, such as identifiers like your name and email address. You can opt into a financial incentive by following the sign-up instructions for that financial incentive, and for any ongoing benefits you have the ability to opt-out of the incentive at any time such as by following the unsubscribe instructions in our promotional emails. In some cases, we may provide additional terms and conditions for a financial incentive, which we will provide to you when you sign up. The value of your personal information is reasonably related to the value of what is presented to you. Subject to certain limitations, the CCPA provides California consumers the right to request to know more details about the categories and specific pieces of personal information, to delete their personal information, to opt out of certain uses of sensitive personal information (should that become applicable to our processing), and to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. California Consumers also have the right to opt out of targeted advertising, sharing, and sales of personal information. As described in the “Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others” section above, we work with third parties (including advertising partners and social media platforms) to serve you personalized ads on other websites and services based on the identifiers and electronic network activity information they receive through our Services. Some of these activities may be considered “sales” or “sharing” of your personal information. We do not knowingly sell or share personal information about consumers under the age of 16. California consumers can opt out of “sales” and “sharing” occurring through these activities by visiting www.aboutads.info . California consumers may make any other rights request by contacting us at privacy@sumologic.com or toll-free at 855-564-7866. We are also in the process of updating our website to enable a site-specific opt-out in and will update this Statement to include that option immediately then. We will verify your request by asking you to provide information that matches information we have on file about you. You can also designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on their behalf.Authorized agents should submit requests through the same channels, but we will require proof that the person is authorized to act on your behalf and may also still ask you to verify your identity with us directly. We retain personal data no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it is processed, unless applicable law requires storage for a longer period of time. INFORMATION FOR INDIVIDUALS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA), SWITZERLAND AND UK The remaining sections of this statement apply to you if you use our Services while in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland or UK. Legal Basis for Processing When we process your personal data we will only do so in the following situations: As necessary to perform our responsibilities under our contract with you (like providing the products or services you have requested)When we have a legitimate interest in processing your personal data, including to communicate with you about changes to our Services, to help secure and improve our Services (including to prevent fraud) and to analyze use of our Services and potential sales leadsAs necessary to comply with our legal obligationsWhen we have your consent to do so Data Subject Requests Subject to certain limits and conditions provided under law, you have the following rights: You have the right to access personal data we hold about you and to ask that your personal data be corrected, erased, or made available in a portable form.You also have the right to object to certain processing (like receiving direct marketing), or to request that we restrict processing in certain circumstances (like to retain but not further process pending resolution of a claim).If you provide consent to any of our processing activities, you may later withdraw that consent at any time. You have a right to file a complaint regarding our data protection practices with a supervisory authority. Please see this directory for contact details. If you are in Switzerland, please visit the FDPIC site for contact details. If you are in the UK, please visit the ICO site at https://ico.org.uk/make-a-comp... , for contact details. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, you may contact us as indicated in the “Contact Us” section above. Data Transfers and Retention Sumo Logic processes and stores information in the U.S. and other countries, which may not provide equivalent levels of data protection as your home jurisdiction. For example, we transfer personal data to our corporate affiliates located in the United Kingdom, Poland, United States, Japan, India and Australia for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement. Transfers out of the European Economic Area (EEA), UK and Switzerland not deemed adequate by the European Commission are pursuant to Standard Contractual Clauses adopted by the European Commission. References to “we” or “us” in the following paragraph refer only to Sumo Logic Inc. We adhere to applicable European legislation in connection with our transfer of personal data to the United States that relates to individuals in the European Economic Area (EEA), UK and Switzerland (“Covered Data”). We are committed to subjecting all personal data including Covered Data received from the EEA, UK and Switzerland to adequate protection mechanisms, as may be changed with changing law. If residing in the EEA, UK, or Switzerland, you may also contact us at: emea-privacy@sumologic.com or by mail to: SumoLogic Limited, c/o General Counsel, Aviation House, 125 Kingsway, London, WC2B 6HN. We retain personal data no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which it is processed, unless applicable law requires storage for a longer period of time. ©2023 Sumo Logic Selected language: Please check your inbox email@domain.comemail@domain.comemail@domain.com Start your free trial today No credit card required. Up and running in minutes. Business email Deployment region Plan I agree to the Service License Agreement . Yes, I’d like to opt-in to Sumo Logic communications. Already have an account? Login You're in good company More than 2,100 enterprises around the world rely on Sumo Logic to build, run, and secure their modern applications and cloud infrastructures. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. More Information Your Choices Regarding Cookies on this Site Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Back checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label