The SuperAwesome Cookie Policy Last Modified: 26 May 2021 SuperAwesome uses cookies on its website. See below for more information on what they are and how you can control them. If you do not wish to accept the use of these cookies (or you change your mind), please use the Cookie Settings link below or change your browser settings (see “Managing Cookies” on how to do this via your browser). WHAT IS A COOKIE? Cookies are small text files placed on your computer via your browser when you visit a website. Cookies can do a lot of things to improve your experience since they allow a website to recognize your preferences. Some of the cookies that we use on our website are essential to be able to deliver the website to your device while some others you can elect to opt-in to receive. You can change your settings at any time for non-essential cookies. WHY DO WE USE COOKIES? There are a few reasons why we use cookies when you visit our website. We use cookies to: Make the website work properly and deliver it to youPrevent spam and abuse on our websitesUnderstand how you use the website so that we can make improvements to itAllow social media sharing of our blogs TYPES OF COOKIES THAT WE USE Cookies can provide different functions to a website and can therefore be classified into different types. The types of cookies that we use are: Strictly Necessary: t hese cookies are essential to be able to deliver the website to you and cannot be switched off. Functional: some of our webpages use other services or software to deliver content such as audio clips or videos. These services may set cookies on your device. These cookies require your consent if you want to view the content. Performance: these allow us to count the number of visits to our website and know which pages generate the most interest so that we can improve the performance of the website. Any information collected is in aggregated form. If you do not accept the use of these cookies, then we will not know when you have visited or how you have used the website and this information helps us improve your experiences. Third Party: some of our webpages use other services or software to deliver content such as audio clips or videos. These services may set cookies on your device. These cookies require your consent if you want to view the content. Targeting/Advertising: these cookies may be set through our site by advertising companies. They may be used to build profiles of your interests or show you relevant advertising on other websites. These cookies require your consent. If you do not give your consent to these cookies, you will see less relevant advertising. WHAT COOKIES DO WE USE? Here is a detailed look at the cookies that we use on our website: OneTrust OneTrust is a cookie compliance solution used on this site to keep track of your cookie preferences when using this website. OneTrust will store information about the types of cookies that the site uses and whether you have given or withdrawn consent for each category. This cookie does not contain any information that could identify you but does remember your website preferences if you return to the site. Script Cookie Name Expiration Classification .onetrust.com __cfduid 1 year Strictly Necessary .superawesome.com OptanonConsent 1 year Strictly Necessary .superawesome.com OptanonAlertBoxClosed Strictly Necessary cookielaw.org Strictly Necessary CloudFlare These are security cookies set by CloudFlare when the content of the website is loaded. We cannot deliver the website to you without setting these cookies. The momentjs cookie allows us to display the world clock time on the “Contact Us” page of our website. Script Cookie Name Expiration Classification .superawesome.com __cfduid 1 year Strictly Necessary .content.superawesome.com __cfduid 7980 years Strictly Necessary .content.superawesome.com __cfduid 1 year Strictly Necessary .momentjs.com __cfduid 1 year Strictly Necessary HotJar HotJar is a website analytics tool used to help us monitor how people use our site. This includes heat mapping, hot spotting and recording views of peoples journey on our website. This data is used to help us make a decision about content, page design and layout to ensure that our audience experiences the best version of our website possible. Script Cookie Name Expiration Classification .hotjar.com HotJar 30 days Third Party Google AdWords Google Adwords is an advertising service provided by Google Inc. to assist us in bringing traffic to our website. Google will collect information such as the number of times an ad is clicked, and how the website is found (the referring website). The information is aggregated to create a generalized picture of the success of our ad campaign and also show ads to you on other areas of the internet.Script Cookie Name Expiration Classification .google.com Google AdWords Conversion 1 day Third Party .google.com Google Dynamic Remarketing 1 day Third Party Google Analytics Google Analytics is an analytics service provided by Google Inc. to assist us in understanding how our website is used. Google will collect information such as the number of times a page is viewed, and how the website is found (the referring website). The information is aggregated to create a generalized picture of the usage of the website, and is never individually identifiable. Script Cookie Name Expiration Classification .superawesome.com _ga 2 years Performance .superawesome.com __utmz 6 months Performance .superawesome.com __utmt_UA-nnnnnnnn 1 day Performance .superawesome.com _gid 2 days Performance .superawesome.com __utmv 1 day Performance .superawesome.com __utmb 1 day Performance .superawesome.com __utmc 7980 years Performance .superawesome.com _gat 1 day Performance .superawesome.com __utma 2 years Performance HubSpot HubSpot performance cookies provide us with analytics capabilities so that we can better understand how our website is used. HubSpot will allow us to understand in aggregated form, your location, how you have found our site (the referring website), how many times our website has been viewed, and the time that you have visited our website. HubSpot strictly necessary cookies will allow us to display our enquiry form fields and for you to submit any questions you may have to us. Hubspot will set a third party cookie in order to display a pop-up chatbot for you to interact with. Script Cookie Name Expiration Classification .superawesome.com __hssc 1 day Performance .superawesome.com __hstc 13 months Performance .superawesome.com __hssrc 7980 years Performance .superawesome.com hsfirstvisit 7980 years Performance .superawesome.com hubspotutk 13 months Performance .hs-analytics.net __cfduid 1 year Performance .hubs.ly __cfduid 1 year Performance .designers.hubspot.com __cfduid 7980 years Strictly Necessary .designers.hubspot.com __cfduid 1 year Strictly Necessary .hubspot.net __cfduid 1 year Strictly Necessary .hubspot.com __cfduid 7980 years Strictly Necessary api.hubspot.com cf_use_ob 7980 years Strictly Necessary .hs-scripts.com __cfduid 1 year Strictly Necessary .hsforms.net __cfduid 1 year Strictly Necessary .hsforms.com __cfduid 1 year Strictly Necessary .hsleadflows.net __cfduid 7980 years Strictly Necessary .usemessages.com __cfduid 1 year Strictly Necessary Google reCAPTCHA We have implemented reCAPTCHA on some of our web pages to prevent spam and abuse on our websites. This service is provided by Google. Google will set a number of cookies including security/authentication cookies, as well as user preference cookies if you have and are logged into a Google account. Script Cookie Name Expiration Classification .google.com APISID 2 months Third Party .google.com SSID 2 months Third Party .google.com NID 7980 years Third Party .google.com SID 2 months Third Party .google.com SAPISID 2 months Third Party .google.com HSID 2 months Third Party .google.co.uk SAPISID 2 months Third Party .google.co.uk HSID 2 months Third Party .google.co.uk SID 2 months Third Party .google.co.uk PREF 7980 years Third Party .google.co.uk SSID 2 months Third Party .google.co.uk APISID 2 months Third Party Google Account If you are visiting our website and you have logged in to a Google account, Google will set these cookies to improve your user experience. Script Cookie Name Expiration Classification .accounts.google.com _utma 2 months Functional .accounts.google.com GAPS 2 years Functional .accounts.google.com LSID 2 months Functional SoundCloud When you visit any of our pages that contain an embedded audio clip, SoundCloud will set this cookie to enable the SoundCloud player to deliver audio content to you. Script Cookie Name Expiration Classification .soundcloud.com sc_anonymous_id 10 years Third Party ComScore When you visit any of our pages that contain an embedded audio clip, ComScore will set a cookie to count the number of visitors. ComScore will also collect your IP address to understand from which country you are visiting the page. This information is not sufficient to identify you or your device. Script Cookie Name Expiration Classification .scorecardresearch.com UID 2 months Targeting /Advertising .scorecardresearch.com UIDR 2 months Targeting /Advertising Google DoubleClick DoubleClick is a targeted advertising company owned by Google. Google will set these cookies to understand your web browsing behaviour to serve you more relevant advertising on other websites.Script Cookie Name Expiration Classification .doubleclick.net IDE 7980 years Targeting/Advertising .doubleclick.net id 2 months Targeting/Advertising Workable Workable is a recruitment management platform that we use, including to display open positions on our website. Workable will set both a web traffic security cookie and a visitor cookie to measure website applicants. Script Cookie Name Expiration Classification .workable.com _cfduid 1 year Strictly Necessary .workable.com _workable_visitor 20 years Strictly Necessary KidSafe This cookie allows us to display the KidSAFE seal on our website that we have acquired for demonstrating our compliance with COPPA in the U.S. Script Cookie Name Expiration Classification .kidsafeseal.com _cfduid 1 year Strictly Necessary Facebook Some of our pages use Facebook cookies to help us attribute ad success to website page visits. When you visit one of these pages after clicking an ad, it will record which page you visited and which ad you clicked on. Script Cookie Name Expiration Classification .facebook.com Facebook Custom Audience 2 days Third Party .facebook.com Facebook Pixels 2 days Third Party .facebook.com Facebook Connect 2 days Third Party LinkedIn Some of our pages have integrated a LinkedIn social media button where you can view or share most recent blog posts straight from our website, to LinkedIn. When you visit these pages, LinkedIn will set a variety of cookies related to your sign-in/LinkedIn profile in order to route the “share” button, or identify and recognize a secure browser ID. Script Cookie Name Expiration Classification .linkedin.com lidc 2 days Third Party .linkedin.com bcookie 1 year Third Party .linkedin.com _utma 1 year Third Party .linkedin.com lang 7890 years Third Party .linkedin.com _utmv 2 months Third Party .linkedin.com lang 7890 years Third Party .www.linkedin.com bscookie 1 year Third Party .www.linkedin.com visit 2 months Third Party .www.linkedin.com JSESSIONID 7890 years Third Party MANAGING COOKIES You can opt-out or block cookies but please be aware that some pages may not work if you completely disable cookies. You can adjust your settings by clicking any of the following links: Solutions Certifications Company Support SuperAwesome, the SuperAwesome logo, AwesomeAds, the AwesomeAds logo, SafeFam, ParentGraph, Safe Ad, the Safe Ad logo, PopJam, the PopJam logo, Rukkaz, the Rukkaz logo, KWS, and the KWS logo, are trade marks or registered trade marks of either SuperAwesome Trading Limited or SuperAwesome, Inc., in the USA and elsewhere. All other trade marks are the property of their respective owners.