Authentication Information Login: Your login to login: Minimum 3 characters, not case-sensitive. Minimum 3 characters, not sensitive to the register. Password: Your password: Minimum 4 characters letters and numbers only. Password is case-sensitive. At least 4 characters, sensitive to register! Verify password: Your password, again: First, tell us where we can send your checks First name: Your name: Last name: Your last name: Street address: Address, where to send a check. City: City where to send the check: Zip/Postal code: Postal index: State: State, don't change a thing! U.S. residents only. Only for those who live in USA! Province: Province: This field is optional. You don't have to enter anything here... Country: Country, you need to choose from the list: U.S. residents must also select their state. E-mail address: Your e-mail: A valid and existing e-mail address up to 200 characters long. Here you will receive confirmation about your registration. Verify e-mail address: Your email again: Now, please tell us more about your self Age: Your age: Gender: Your floor: Education: Your education: annual household income: Your annual income. Additional Information Please tell us why you use the Internet: (check all that apply) What are you interested in on the Internet? the bigger, the better! Chat Current Events and News Email Entertainment Gaming Health & Fitness job search Maps and Directions parenting Research school small business Special Offers and Discounts Sports: News and Events Stock Quotes, Financial News technology news Travel Weather updates Women's Issues Work Related Issues Other What do you search for or buy online: (check all that apply) What are you looking for and buying through Internet, it is also better to note more, except for the last one. Automobiles and Accessories Books and magazines clothing and accessories computer hardware Concert and Event Tickets consumer electronics Insurance Loans, credit card applications Music, Video, DVD office supplies and equipment pet supplies Software sporting goods Stocks toys and games Travel accommodations:Air/Car/Hotel other Never Purchased Online Earn cash by subscribing to receive email from our partners with special offers and announcements. Please read our Privacy Policy and be assured that your e-mail address will be kept confidential. The checkmark means that you want to receive additional money for receiving emails (you can unsubscribe from them at any time). Payment Information Preferred check size: The minimum amount of a check issued to you: Referral Information Referred by: From who did you come to: Track that would have been written setlana Before you submit your registration, please take a few minutes to read CashFiesta's Member Agreement. I have read and understand the Member Agreement. Be sure to put here tick, otherwise registration will fail! When all done - press the button First name, last name and the address, of course, are filled in English. Your name, surname and all address must be real, exactly there and on a check will be sent to that person. Don't try to fool yourself. After after you clicked on the confirmation button, and if you made no mistakes during the registration process, a page with an offer to enter should load to the system ( LOGIN ). If for some reason it does not load, then You entered something incorrectly during registration - check everything again and repeat operation. After a successful login you need to download CashFiesta Bar itself, a special panel for displaying banners. Click on the ship next to Download will open a new window where you need to click on the highlighted word Download and the process the download will start normally.