Updated on April 24, 2018 Privacy Policy Swipe Forward LLC (“we,” “us,” “our,” or “Swipe Forward”) knows that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read this Privacy Policy to learn more about how we collect, use and share information from and about you when you visit our website (“Site”) or use any of our services or mobile applications (each an “App”). The Site, services, and Apps are collectively the “Services.” You are expressing your agreement and acceptance to this Policy and the processing of your data, including your personal information, in the manner provided in this Policy when you use the Services. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use the Services. What Does This Privacy Policy Cover? This Privacy Policy covers the information that we gather when you access or use our Services. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control (including any third-party products or services that you use to log into the Services or that are integrated with the Services). What Information Do We Collect? Information You Provide to Us We collect information from you when you provide it to us on our Services or in any other way, including through a third party site or service that you use to authorize us to access your information (e.g., Facebook). The types of personal information we collect may include, your name, email address, username or TinyID, password, and other information necessary for us to provide or optimize our Services. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our special features. Facebook Connect, Game Center and Google+ Our site can be accessed using sign-in services (“SN Service”) such as Facebook Connect, LinkedIn, Apple’s Game Center, or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name, email address, and resume to pre-populate our sign up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this website to your profile page to share with others within your network. We may collect and record information through the SN Service in accordance with the policies and terms of that SN Service. The information we collect when you connect your user account to an SN Service may include: (1) your name, (2) your SN Service user identification number and/or user name, (3) locale, city, state and country, (4) sex, (5) birth date, (6) email address, (7) profile picture or its URL, and (8) the SN Service user identification numbers for your friends that are also connected to our game(s). If you want us to delete the data we receive from Facebook, Game Center or Google+ about you, please contact us at support@swipeforwardgames.com. Information We Collect Automatically We automatically collect certain types of information whenever you use our Services, send us an email or request for support, or interact with our emails and online or mobile advertisements on the Services or on other sites and apps. This information may include your IP address, mobile device ID (such as unique mobile device identifier (UDID), International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI), mobile equipment identifier (MEID), media access control (MAC) address, device serial number, identifier for advertisers (IDFA), or Android ID), cookie information, browser information, operating system, mobile device model, and carrier information (as available), timestamps, the pages you request, and the actions and path you take on the Services. Push Notifications Occasionally, you may receive Push Notifications through our mobile applications to send you game updates, high scores and other service related notifications that may be of importance to you. You may at any time opt-out from receiving these types of communications by turning them off at the device level through your settings. Mobile Analytics Mobile analytics software allows us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your device. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application. What About Cookies?Cookies are identifiers that we transfer to your computer (or other device) through your browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us information about your visit such as how and when pages on our Site are visited, by how many people, and whether you’ve received certain advertising. We use cookies to enhance visitors’ experiences, to learn more about their use of the Services and to improve quality. Our cookies do not collect personal information, and we do not combine the general information collected through cookies with other personal information to tell us who you are or what your screen name or email address is. Your Tracking Options and California Do Not Track Disclosures You may adjust your browser or operating system settings to limit certain tracking through cookies or other identifiers or to decline cookies. Check the “Help” menu of your browser or operating system to learn how to adjust your tracking settings or cookie preferences. We strongly recommend that you leave the cookies activated, however, because cookies enable you to take advantage of some of the most attractive features of the Services. Note that our system may not recognize Do Not Track (DNT) headers or requests from some or all browsers. Additionally, advertisements appearing in our Services may be delivered by our advertising partners who may set cookies. These cookies allow the advertising partner to recognize your computer or other device to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. Information Collected from Other Sources We may obtain information about you from other sources, including social networks that you use to connect with us or information that is publicly available. This information may include name, user name, demographic information, updated address or contact information, interests, and publicly-observed data, such as from social media and online activity. Ad Networks Advertising may be featured within our Service. The advertisers may collect and use information about you, such as your Service session activity, device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geo-location information and IP address. They may use this information to provide advertisements of interest to you. In addition, you may see our games advertised in other services. After clicking on one of these advertisements and installing our game, you will become a user of our Service. In order to verify the installs, a device identifier may be shared with the advertiser. Combination of Information We may combine the information we receive from and about you, including personal and non-personal information, and information collected through our Services, as well as information collected from third party sources, to help us tailor our communications to you and to improve our Services. How Do We Use the Information We Receive? We may use the information we collect from and about you to: Personalize and improve our Services, and allow you to set up a user account and profile that can be used to personalize your experience in using our Services; Answering questions, respond to your inquiries or requests, and communicate with you about our products and services, including specials and new features; Develop new products and services; Provide you with customized advertising and content on the Services from us and on behalf of our partners and affiliates; Research, address problems and improve the usage and operations of the Services;Protect the security or integrity of the Services and our business; and As described to you at the point of collection. Will We Share Any of the Personal Information We Collect? Information that personally identifies you is an integral part of our business. We neither rent nor sell your personal information to anyone. We share your personal information only as described below. Advertisers: We allow advertisers to choose the demographic information of users who will see their advertisements and you agree that we may use any of the information we have collected from you (including information you may have decided not to show to other users) to select or allow the advertiser to select the appropriate audience for its advertisements. For example, we may allow an advertiser to target an ad to you based on your query history. Third Party Business Partners : We may become affiliated with third party businesses that may sell items to you through our Services, or we may provide services, or sell products jointly with these business partners. You can easily recognize when a business partner is associated with your transaction, and you acknowledge that you are providing your personal information to Swipe Forward and the business partner for these transactions. Service Providers : We may share information with our service providers, if the disclosure will enable them to perform a business, professional or technical support function for us.User profiles: Profile information including your username, profile picture, and other information you enter (“User Submissions”) may be displayed on the Services to allow you to interact with other users. Communication in response to User Submissions: We may send you email and other communication relating to your User Submissions. By posting such User Submissions, you agree that we may send you such email and other communication that relate to your User Submissions, in our sole determination. Business Transfers : In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets during the normal course of our business. If Swipe Forward, or substantially all of its assets are acquired, goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, our customer information may be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. Should such transfers occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to require that the recipient of the information use your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. Protection of Swipe Forward and Others : We may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with the law, respond to judicial process, or provide information to law enforcement or regulatory agencies; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Swipe Forward, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. With Your Consent : We may share information with third parties as described to you at the point of collection or as otherwise disclosed to you upon your consent. As part of our use of information, we may provide aggregate information to our partners about how our customers, collectively, use our Services. We may share this type of statistical data so that our partners also understand how people use the Services, so that they, too, may provide you with an optimal user experience. However, we do not disclose aggregate information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally. Children’s Information We do not direct the Services or knowingly collect personal information from children under age 13. To provide additional privacy protections regarding the collection of personal information, some of the features on certain Apps are age-gated so that they are not available for use by children. Public Information User Submissions may be displayed on the Services to allow you to interact with other users. Additionally, any information you may disclose in public areas on the Services becomes public information. Please be cautious when disclosing personal information in these public areas. Is Your Personal Information Secure? You are responsible for actions taken under your account. To help prevent unauthorized access to your account information we recommend that you limit access to your computer (or other device) and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account. We endeavor to protect user information; however, we cannot guarantee the security of user account information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time. Data Retention Your information is retained while your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, contact us at support@swipeforwardgames.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Links to Other Sites The Services contain links to other sites and apps. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites and apps. When linking to another site or app you should read the privacy policy stated on that site or app. What Personal Information Can You Access? You may access certain account information to view, and in certain situations, update or delete that information by logging in to your account. Additionally, you can delete certain information by contacting us as directed below. What Choices Do You Have? Not Disclose Information You can always choose not to disclose certain information, even though it may be needed to take advantage of or register for certain features of the Services. Update or Delete Certain Information: You can update or delete certain information through the Services, as described in the “What Personal Information Can You Access” section above. When you update information, however, we often maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records.Delete Account: You may request deletion of your account by sending an email to . Please note that some information may remain in our records after deletion of your account. Opt Out of Promotional Email: If you do not wish to receive promotional email or other mail from us, please notify us at . Changes to this Privacy Policy We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will post the change(s) on the Site or App. If we change the Privacy Policy in a material way, we’ll provide appropriate notice to you. Questions or Concerns If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy on our Services, please send us a detailed message at . We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.Updated on June 25, 2018 TERMS OF USE PLEASE READ THESE TERMS OF USE (“AGREEMENT”) CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE SOFTWARE OFFERED BY SWIPE FORWARD LLC. (“COMPANY”). BY DOWNLOADING, USING, OR ACCESSING THE COMPANY MOBILE APPLICATION, SOFTWARE, AND/OR ANY DATA OR CONTENT THAT IS ACCESSED, CONTAINED, OR UTILIZED IN OR BY THE APPLICATION OR SOFTWARE (COLLECTIVELY, THE “SOFTWARE”) IN ANY MANNER, YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY AND A PARTY TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT TO THE EXCLUSION OF ALL OTHER TERMS. IF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT ARE CONSIDERED AN OFFER, ACCEPTANCE IS EXPRESSLY LIMITED TO SUCH TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT UNCONDITIONALLY AGREE TO ALL THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE AGREEMENT, YOU HAVE NO RIGHT TO USE THE SOFTWARE, AND YOU MUST UNINSTALL THE SOFTWARE FROM ALL OF YOUR DEVICES IMMEDIATELY. USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS VOID WHERE PROHIBITED. USE OF THE SOFTWARE IS ALSO GOVERNED BY SWIPE FORWARD’S PRIVACY POLICY, WHICH IS INCORPORATED HEREIN BY REFERENCE. 1. ACCESS TO THE SOFTWARE. When accessing or using the Software, including browsing any Swipe Forward website or accessing a game, you agree to these Terms of Use and the Privacy Policy. You may also be required to register an account on the Software (an “Account”). By registering for an Account or otherwise using the Software, you represent that you are age 13 or older and you understand and agree to these Terms of Use. If you are between the ages of 13 and 17, you represent that your legal guardian has reviewed and agreed to these Terms. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Company grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable license (without right to sublicense) to install and use one copy of the Software on your personal computer or mobile device, solely in machine executable object code form and solely for your own personal, non-commercial use, and not for the benefit of any third party. The Software is owned and operated by Company. Company may change, suspend or discontinue the Software at any time, including the availability of any feature, database, or content. Company may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts or all of the Software without notice or liability. Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify this Agreement at any time by posting a notice on the Company’s website (currently located at http://swipeforwardgames.com), or by sending you a notice via email or via the Software or postal mail. You shall be responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such modifications. Your use of the Software following such notification constitutes your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement as modified. Company does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Software. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Software or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to Company or on the Software. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us at You represent and warrant to Company that: (i) you are an individual ( i.e ., not a corporation) and you are of legal age to form a binding contract or have your parent’s permission to do so, and you are at least 13 years or age or older; (ii) all registration information you submit is accurate and truthful; and (iii) you will maintain the accuracy of such information. You also certify that you are legally permitted to use and access the Software and take full responsibility for the selection and use of and access to the Software. This Agreement is void where prohibited by law, and the right to access the Software is revoked in such jurisdictions. WITHOUT LIMITING ANY OTHER REMEDIES, COMPANY MAY LIMIT, SUSPEND, TERMINATE, MODIFY, OR DELETE ACCOUNTS OR ACCESS TO COMPANY SOFTWARE OR PORTIONS THEREOF IF YOU ARE, OR COMPANY SUSPECTS THAT YOU ARE, FAILING TO COMPLY WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS OF USE OR FOR ANY ACTUAL OR SUSPECTED ILLEGAL OR IMPROPER USE OF THE SOFTWARE, WITH OR WITHOUT NOTICE TO YOU. YOU CAN LOSE YOUR USER NAME AND PERSONA AS A RESULT OF ACCOUNT TERMINATION OR LIMITATION, AS WELL AS ANY BENEFITS, PRIVILEGES, EARNED ITEMS AND PURCHASED ITEMS ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE, AND COMPANY IS UNDER NO OBLIGATION TO COMPENSATE YOU FOR ANY SUCH LOSSES OR RESULTS.WITHOUT LIMITING OUR OTHER REMEDIES, COMAPNY MAY LIMIT, SUSPEND OR TERMINATE THE SOFTWARE AND USER ACCOUNTS OR PORTIONS THEREOF, PROHIBIT ACCESS TO OUR GAMES AND SITES, AND THEIR CONTENT, SOFTWARE, SERVICES AND TOOLS, DELAY OR REMOVE HOSTED CONTENT, AND TAKE TECHNICAL AND LEGAL STEPS TO PREVENT USERS FROM ACCESSING THE SOFTWARE IF WE BELIEVE THAT THEY ARE CREATING RISK OR POSSIBLE LEGAL LIABILITIES, INFRINGING THE INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES, OR ACTING INCONSISTENTLY WITH THE LETTER OR SPIRIT OF OUR TERMS OR POLICIES. ADDITIONALLY, COMAPANY MAY, IN APPROPRIATE CIRCUMSTANCES AND AT OUR SOLE DISCRETION, SUSPEND OR TERMINATE ACCOUNTS OF USERS WHO MAY BE REPEAT INFRINGERS OF THIRD PARTY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS. 2. SOFTWARE CONTENT. All materials displayed or performed on the Software (including without limitation any games, titles, computer code, themes, objects, characters, character names, stories, dialogue, catch phrases, concepts, artwork, animations, sounds, musical compositions, audio-visual effects, methods of operation, moral rights, documentation, in-game chat transcripts, character profile information, recordings of games played using a Company game client, and the Company game clients and server software ) are protected by copyright. You shall abide by all copyright notices, trademark rules, information, and restrictions contained in any content accessed through the Software, and shall not use, copy, reproduce, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, upload, display, license, sell or otherwise exploit for any purposes whatsoever any content or third party submissions or other proprietary rights not owned by you: (i) without the express prior written consent of the respective owners, and (ii) in any way that violates any third party right. You may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale of, reproduce (except as expressly provided in this Section 2), create derivative works based on, distribute, perform, display, or in any way exploit, any of the Software in whole or in part. In the course of using the Software, you and other users may provide information which may be used by Company in connection with the Software and which may be visible to certain other users. You understand that by posting information or content on the Software or otherwise providing content, materials or information to Company or in connection with the Software (collectively, “User Submissions”), Company hereby is and shall be granted a non exclusive, worldwide, royalty free, perpetual, irrevocable, and transferable right to fully exploit such User Submissions (including all related intellectual property rights) and to allow others to do so; however, Company will only share personally identifiable information identified in the Company’s current Privacy Policy http://games.swipeforwardgames.com/privacypolicy.htm in accordance with that policy. You also hereby do and shall grant each user of the Software a non-exclusive license to access your User Submissions through the Software, and to use, modify, reproduce, distribute, prepare derivative works of, display and perform such User Submissions as permitted through the functionality of the Software and under this Agreement. Furthermore, you understand that Company retains the right to reformat, modify, create derivative works of, excerpt, and translate any User Submissions submitted by you. You understand that all information publicly posted or privately transmitted through the Software is the sole responsibility of the person from which such content originated and that Company will not be liable for any errors or omissions in any content. You understand that Company cannot guarantee the identity of any other users with whom you may interact in the course of using the Software. Additionally, Company cannot guarantee the authenticity of any data which users may provide about themselves. You acknowledge that all content accessed by you using the Software is at your own risk and you will be solely responsible for any damage or loss to any party resulting therefrom. “Swipe Forward,” “Tiny Zoo,” “Tiny Zoo Friends,” “VIP Poker,” “Tiny Village”, “Tiny Monsters”, “Tiny Castle” and its associated logo are trademarks of Company. All rights reserved. All trademarks not owned by Company that appear in the Software are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Company. 3.YOUR WARRANTY. You warrant, represent and agree that you will not contribute any content or otherwise use the Software in a manner that (i) infringes or violates the intellectual property rights or proprietary rights, rights of publicity or privacy, or other rights of any third party; (ii) violates any law, statute, ordinance or regulation; (iii) is harmful, fraudulent, deceptive, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, dangerous, or otherwise objectionable; (iv) involves commercial activities and/or sales without Company’s prior written consent such as contests, sweepstakes, barter, advertising, or pyramid schemes; (v) impersonates any person or entity, including without limitation any employee or representative of Company; or (vi) contains a virus, trojan horse, worm, time bomb, or other harmful computer code, file, or program. Company reserves the right to remove any content from the Software at any time, for any reason (including, but not limited to, upon receipt of claims or allegations from third parties or authorities relating to such content or if Company is concerned that you may have breached the immediately preceding sentence), or for no reason at all. You, not Company, remain solely responsible for all content that you upload, post, email, transmit, or otherwise disseminate using, or in connection with, the Software, and you warrant that you possess all rights necessary to provide such content to Company and to grant Company the rights to use such information in connection with the Software and as otherwise provided herein. 4. RESTRICTIONS. Do not attempt to configure the Software or input information while operating a vehicle. Failure to pay attention to the operation of your vehicle or traffic, road signs, conditions or safety hazards could result in death, serious injury, or property damage. Directions provided by the Software may not be accurate or complete. You assume total responsibility and risk for all of your activity in connection with the Software. Any fraudulent, abusive, or otherwise illegal activity may be grounds for termination of your right to access or use the Software. You may not post or transmit, or cause to be posted or transmitted, any communication or solicitation designed or intended to obtain password, account, or private information from any Company user. Use of the Software to violate the security of any computer network, crack passwords or security encryption codes, transfer or store illegal material (including material that may be considered threatening or obscene), or engage in any kind of illegal activity is expressly prohibited. You will not run Maillist, Listserv, any form of auto-responder, or “spam” on the Software, or any processes that run or are activated while you are not logged on to the Software, or that otherwise interfere with the proper working of or place an unreasonable load on the Software’ infrastructure. Further, the use of manual or automated software, devices, or other processes to “crawl,” “scrape,” or “spider” any portion of the Software is strictly prohibited. You will not decompile, reverse engineer, or otherwise attempt to obtain the source code of the Software. You will be responsible for withholding, filing, and reporting all taxes, duties and other governmental assessments associated with your activity in connection with the Software. 5. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER. Company has no special relationship with or fiduciary duty to you. You acknowledge that Company has no control over, and no duty to take any action regarding: which users gain access to the Software; what content you access via the Software; what effects the Software or the content accessed therein may have on you; how you may interpret or use the content accessed via the Software; or what actions you may take as a result of having been exposed to the Software. You release Company from all liability for you having acquired or not acquired content through the Software. The Software may contain, or direct you to websites containing, information that some people may find offensive or inappropriate. Company makes no representations concerning any content contained in or accessed through the Software, and Company will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in or accessed through the Software. THE SOFTWARE AND ANY COMPANY SERVICES RELATED THERETO ARE PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, OR THAT USE OF THE SOFTWARE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON HOW LONG AN IMPLIED WARRANTY LASTS, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. 6.PRIVACY POLICY. For information regarding Company’s treatment of personally identifiable information, please review Company’s current Privacy Policy at http://games.swipeforwardgames.com/privacypolicy.htm, which is hereby incorporated by reference; your acceptance of this Agreement constitutes your acceptance and agreement to be bound by Company’s Privacy Policy. 7. REGISTRATION AND SECURITY. As a condition to using some aspects of the Software, you may be required to register with Company and select a password and user name (“Company User ID”). You shall provide Company with accurate, complete, and updated registration information. Failure to do so shall constitute a breach of this Agreement, which may result in immediate termination of your account. You may not (i) select or use as a Company User ID a name of another person with the intent to impersonate that person; or (ii) use as a Company User ID a name subject to any rights of a person other than you without appropriate authorization. Company reserves the right to refuse registration of or cancel a Company User ID in its discretion. You shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. 8. INDEMNITY. You will indemnify and hold Company, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers, and employees harmless (including, without limitation, from all damages, liabilities, settlements, costs and attorneys’ fees) from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of your access to the Software, use of the Software, your violation of this Agreement, or the infringement by you or any third party using your account of any intellectual property or other right of any person or entity. 9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY OR ITS SUPPLIERS, OR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, OR AGENTS BE LIABLE WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE OR THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY (I) FOR ANY AMOUNT IN THE AGGREGATE IN EXCESS OF THE GREATER OF FEES PAID BY YOU THEREFOR OR $100; (II) FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER; (III) FOR DATA LOSS OR COST OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; OR (IV) FOR ANY MATTER BEYOND COMPANY’S REASONABLE CONTROL (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY DAMAGE YOU MAY SUFFER BY USING THE SOFTWARE WHILE OPERATING A MOTOR VEHICLE, IN VIOLATION OF THIS AGREEMENT). SOME STATES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties or the limitation or exclusion of liability for certain types of damages. Accordingly, some of the above disclaimers and limitations may not apply to you. To the extent that Company may not, as a matter of applicable law, disclaim any warranty or limit its liability as set forth herein, the scope of such warranty and the extent of Company’s liability shall be the minimum permitted under such applicable law. IN PARTICULAR, NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF USE SHALL AFFECT THE STATUTORY RIGHTS OF ANY CONSUMER OR EXCLUDE OR RESTRICT ANY LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY ARISING FROM ANY NEGLIGENCE OR FRAUD OF COMPANY. You agree to indemnify, defend and hold Company harmless from any claim, demand, damages or other losses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, asserted by any third-party resulting from or arising out of your use of the Software, or any breach by you of these Terms of Use, however the foregoing does not apply if the infringement of rights is not attributable to your intentional or negligent behavior. 10. FEES AND PAYMENT. In the Software you may purchase, with “real world” money, a limited, personal, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable license to use (a) “virtual currency”, including but not limited to virtual cash or diamonds, all for use in Company games; (b) “virtual in-game items” (together with “virtual currency”, “Virtual Items”); and (c) other goods or services (“Merchandise”). You are only allowed to purchase Virtual Items from us or our authorized partners through the Software. Company may manage, regulate, control, modify or eliminate Virtual Items and/or Merchandise at any time, with or without notice. Company shall have no liability to you or any third party in the event that Company exercises any such rights. The transfer of Virtual Items and Merchandise is prohibited except where expressly authorized in the Software. Other than as expressly authorized in the Software, you shall not sell, redeem or otherwise transfer Virtual Items or Merchandise to any person or entity, including but not limited to Company, another user or any third party. ALL PURCHASES AND REDEMPTIONS OF THIRD PARTY VIRTUAL CURRENCY MADE THROUGH THE SOFTWARE ARE FINAL AND NON-REFUNDABLE.The provision of Virtual Items for use in Company games is a service provided by Company that commences immediately upon acceptance by Company of your purchase. You agree to pay all fees and applicable taxes incurred by you or anyone using an Account registered to you. Company may revise the pricing for the goods and services offered through the Software at any time. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT COMPANY IS NOT REQUIRED TO PROVIDE A REFUND FOR ANY REASON, AND THAT YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE MONEY OR OTHER COMPENSATION FOR UNUSED VIRTUAL ITEMS WHEN AN ACCOUNT IS CLOSED, WHETHER SUCH CLOSURE WAS VOLUNTARY OR INVOLUNTARY. 11. THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND SERVICES . The Software may contain links to third party websites or services that are not owned or controlled by Company. When you access third party websites or services, you do so at your own risk. You hereby represent and warrant that you have read and agreed to be bound by all applicable policies of any third party websites or services relating to your use of the Software and that you will act in accordance with those policies, in addition to your obligations under this Agreement. Company has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, accuracy, privacy policies, or practices of or opinions expressed in any third party websites or services. In addition, Company will not and cannot monitor, verify, censor or edit the content of any third party site. By using the Software, you expressly relieve and hold harmless Company from any and all liability arising from your use of any third party website or service. Your interactions with organizations and/or individuals found on or through the Software, including payment and delivery of goods or Software, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or representations associated with such dealings, are solely between you and such organizations and/or individuals. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or offline transaction with any of these third parties. You agree that Company shall not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings. If there is a dispute between participants on this site, or between users and any third party, you understand and agree that Company is under no obligation to become involved. In the event that you have a dispute with one or more other users, you hereby release Company, its officers, employees, agents, and successors in rights from claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind or nature, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected, disclosed or undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes and/or our service. If you are a California resident, you shall and hereby do waive California Civil Code Section 1542, which says: “ A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor. 12. TERMINATION. This Agreement shall remain in full force and effect while you use the Software. You may terminate your use of the Software at any time by uninstalling it from your device. Company may terminate or suspend your access to the Software, for any reason or for no reason, and without warning, which may result in the forfeiture and destruction of all information associated with your use of the Software. Company may also terminate or suspend your use or access to any and all Software immediately, without prior notice or liability, if you breach any of the terms or conditions of this Agreement. Any fees paid hereunder are non-refundable. Upon termination of your account, your right to use the Software, access will immediately cease. All provisions of this Agreement which, by their nature, should survive termination, shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, and limitations of liability. 13.MISCELLANEOUS. The failure of either party to exercise, in any respect, any right provided for herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any further rights hereunder. Company shall not be liable for any failure to perform its obligations hereunder where such failure results from any cause beyond Company’s reasonable control, including, without limitation, mechanical, electronic or communications failure or degradation (including “line-noise” interference). If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. This Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with Company’s prior written consent. Company may transfer, assign or delegate this Agreement and its rights and obligations without consent. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of California without regard to the conflict of laws provisions thereof. Any dispute arising from or relating to the subject matter of this Agreement shall be finally settled by arbitration in San Francisco, California, using the English language in accordance with the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures of Judicial Arbitration and Mediation Services, Inc. (“JAMS”) then in effect, by one commercial arbitrator with substantial experience in resolving intellectual property and commercial contract disputes, who shall be selected from the appropriate list of JAMS arbitrators in accordance with the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and Procedures of JAMS. Judgment upon the award so rendered may be entered in a court having jurisdiction, or application may be made to such court for judicial acceptance of any award and an order of enforcement, as the case may be. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party shall have the right to institute an action in a court of proper jurisdiction for injunctive or other equitable relief pending a final decision by the arbitrator. For all purposes of this Agreement, the parties consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the United States Federal Courts located in the District of California. Both parties agree that this Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the parties and supersedes and cancels all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, and that all modifications must be in a writing signed by both parties, except as otherwise provided herein. No agency, partnership, joint venture, or employment is created as a result of this Agreement and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Company in any respect whatsoever. 14. FORCE MAJEURE. Company shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting from causes outside the reasonable control of Company, including without limitation any failure to perform hereunder due to unforeseen circumstances or cause beyond Company’s control such as acts of God, war, terrorism, riots, embargoes, acts of civil or military authorities, fire, floods, accidents, strikes, or shortages of transportation facilities, fuel, energy, labor or materials. 15. COPYRIGHT DISPUTE POLICY. Company has adopted the following general policy toward copyright infringement in accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act or DMCA (posted at www.lcweb.loc.gov/copyright/legislation/dmca.pdf). The address of Company’s Designated Agent to Receive Notification of Claimed Infringement (“Designated Agent”) is listed at the end of this Section. It is Company’s policy to (1) block access to or remove material that it believes in good faith to be copyrighted material that has been illegally copied and distributed by any of our advertisers, affiliates, content providers, members or users; and (2) remove and discontinue service to repeat offenders. A.Procedure for Reporting Copyright Infringements: If you believe that material or content residing on or accessible through the Software infringes a copyright, please send a notice of copyright infringement containing the following information to the Designated Agent listed below: 1. A physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright that has been allegedly infringed; 2. Identification of works or materials being infringed; 3. Identification of the material that is claimed to be infringing including information regarding the location of the infringing materials that the copyright owner seeks to have removed, with sufficient detail so that Company is capable of finding and verifying its existence; 4. Contact information about the notifier including address, telephone number and, if available, email address; 5. A statement that the notifier has a good faith belief that the material identified in (3) is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and 6. A statement made under penalty of perjury that the information provided is accurate and the notifying party is authorized to make the complaint on behalf of the copyright owner. B. Once Proper Bona Fide Infringement Notification is Received by the Designated Agent: It is Company’s policy: 1. to remove or disable access to the infringing material; 2. to notify the content provider, member or user that it has removed or disabled access to the material; and 3. that repeat offenders will have the infringing material removed from the system and that Company will terminate such content provider’s, member’s or user’s access to the Software. C. Procedure to Supply a Counter-Notice to the Designated Agent: If the content provider, member or user believes that the material that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or the content provider, member or user believes that it has the right to post and use such material from the copyright owner, the copyright owner’s agent, or, pursuant to the law, the content provider, member, or user, must send a counter-notice containing the following information to the Designated Agent listed below: 1. A physical or electronic signature of the content provider, member or user; 2. Identification of the material that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which the material appeared before it was removed or disabled; 3. A statement that the content provider, member or user has a good faith belief that the material was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or misidentification of the material; and 4. Content provider’s, member’s or user’s name, address, telephone number, and, if available, email address, and a statement that such person or entity consents to the jurisdiction of the Federal Court for the judicial district in which the content provider’s, member’s or user’s address is located, or, if the content provider’s, member’s or user’s address is located outside the United States, for any judicial district in which Company is located, and that such person or entity will accept service of process from the person who provided notification of the alleged infringement. If a counter-notice is received by the Designated Agent, Company may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that Company may replace the removed material or cease disabling it in 10 business days. Unless the copyright owner files an action seeking a court order against the content provider, member or user, the removed material may be replaced or access to it restored in 10 to 14 business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at Company’s discretion. 16. TERMS REQUIRED BY APPLE . In the event you obtained the Software through the Apple App Store, offered by Apple, Inc.(“Apple”), the following shall apply: 1. Both you and Company acknowledge that this Agreement is concluded between you and Company only, and not with Apple, and that Apple is not responsible for the Software; 2. You will only use the Software in connection with an Apple device that you own or control; 3. You acknowledge and agree that Apple has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Software; 4. In the event of any failure of the Software to conform to any applicable warranty, including those implied by law, you may notify Apple of such failure; upon notification, Apple’s sole warranty obligation to you will be to refund to you the purchase price, if any, of the Application; 5. You acknowledge and agree that Company, and not Apple, is responsible for addressing any claims you or any third party may have in relation to the Software; 6. You acknowledge and agree that, in the event of any third party claim that the Software or your possession and use of the Software infringes that third party’s intellectual property rights, Company, and not Apple, will be responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement and discharge of any such infringement claim; 7. You represent and warrant that you are not located in a country subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country, and that you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties; 8. Both you and Company acknowledge and agree that, in your use of the Software, you will comply with any applicable third party terms of agreement which may affect or be affected by such use; 9. Both you and Company acknowledge and agree that Apple and Apple’s subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of this Agreement, and that upon your acceptance of this Agreement, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Agreement against you as the third party beneficiary hereof; and 10. In the event you use the Software to provide you with real-time route guidance, YOUR USE OF THIS REAL TIME ROUTE GUIDANCE APPLICATION IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. LOCATION DATA MAY NOT BE ACCURATE.Thank you for playing Tiny Castle! Want to talk about the game and participate in contests? Explore the Tiny Castle Community on Facebook: Follow us on Twitter too: @TinyCastleGame How to Play What's new in 1.0.2? Performance enhancements to Banishing. The battles are now faster.You can now earn XP rewards for Banishing Minions!All instant finishes now have confirmation screens.Fixed the Minion-related push notification issue.Fixed the Cannot Add Monster Habitat issue.Minions now spawn more frequently. Common Questions Basic Creatures and Summoning Buildings Information Minions and Banishing Device Issues Currency and Billing Homes/Decorations/Expansions Social Misc. Common Questions I already Banished [x[ Minion. Will you add another to my Kingdom? / How can I complete the Ferocious Five quest? We are unable to add Minions to your game. Minions do respawn though, so it's only a matter of time before more show up in your kingdom. Good luck and happy adventuring!We are unable to add Minions to your game. Minions do respawn though, so it's only a matter of time before more show up in your kingdom. Good luck and happy adventuring! Why can't I finish the Perfect Hit quest? You are not progressing in the quest because you need to hit a Minion with a Perfect hit. You'll know when you get a Perfect hit when the word "Perfect!" appears on the screen after tapping the orbs during a battle. You will only progress through the goal if you get perfect hits, not "good" or "great". For tips on how to get a Perfect hit, we suggest reaching out to fellow players on either our Facebook page . How do I store an Egg? Although an “Egg” tab is available in the inventory, it is not possible to store Eggs yet in Tiny Castle. We are hoping to roll out this feature by the end of February. How do I sell a Home? How do I sell a Home? How do I get to the third island? The third island isn’t available yet. We know you're really excited to clear out the Evil Queen's fog and explore unknown lands, but there are a few more features we'd like to introduce to Tiny Castle before opening up the third island. I've cleared all my islands and now I can't spend any dust. What can I do? Sorry for the inconvenience! There isn't a way around this at the moment, but our designers are working on more ways to make the game more fun for higher level players. How do I summon a Sylph or other rare Creatures? We are unable to share our secrets regarding summoning combinations. Please know that each summoning combination has a chance of getting one creature or another. If you're not getting a creature the first time you breed it, you can try breeding that combo a couple more times, or even try switching it up with other monsters or hybrids. For more tips and hints from our players, please join the discussion on the Tiny Castle Facebook Fan Page . Why can't I upgrade my Castle when I have all the resources? If you are between the levels 17-19, please note, the next Castle upgrade will unlock at level 20. Sorry for the inconvenience! Basics How do I grow a Creature? In order for your Creature to grow up, you need to feed them and purchase a Dream Tower. Once they’ve been fed up to a certain level, you can tuck them into the Dream Tower to sleep and grow up. Once in the Dream Tower, you can wait the allotted amount of time or you can speed up the process with Jewels. Once your Creature is ready and grown tap on the Creature to wake it up and free the Dream Tower for another Creature. How do I feed a Creature? To feed your Creatures, you need a farm. You can purchase a farm from your Market under the "Buildings" category. Once your farm is finished constructing, tap on it to see all the crops you can grow. You can grow various types of crops for different amounts of food and prices. Once you have enough food, tap on your Creature's tab in their home and start feeding them. How do I explore the Fog? To explore the Fog, tap on the Fog you would like to remove, then tap Explore. Clearing Fog costs Magic Dust, so don't forget to make a wish to produce more Magic Dust from your Magic Well. How do I move items around? To move any of your Creatures, buildings, or decorations tap on the "Move" button in the bottom right corner. Tap on the item you wish to move and you'll see a green grid appear around that item. Move it to where you'd like to place it and make sure the grid is still highlighted green, rather than red. If it's red, it means the item will not fit in that space. Once you're happy with its placement, tap on the green "Accept" checkmark. How do I move a Creature to a different Home? To move a Creature from one Home to another, you'll have to first make sure there's an open spot for that Creature to move to. Once you are certain another Home has room, tap on your Creature's info tab.Below its image is the option to either "move" or "sell" the Creature. Tap on "move" and then tap on the Home where you wish to move it to. How do I sell a Creature? To sell a Creature, tap on the Home your Creature is in and then tap on the Creature you want to sell. Once their info page shows up, tap on "sell" (located below the image of your Creature). Confirm you want to sell the Creature and you're done! What is XP and how do I get it? XP (“Experience”) is important because it determines when you level up in the game. As you level up, you unlock new items and content in the game. XP can be gained by completing quests, clearing items, selling eggs, placing decorations, and feeding and growing Creatures. My XP bar stopped. What happened? If your XP bar stopped moving, don't worry! You've reached the highest level. You're still earning XP! As you start leveling up (especially to the higher levels currently available in the game), the amount of XP it takes to get to the next level increases. Due to the length of the bar and the amount of added amount of XP needed for the next level, the movement of your progress is not as visible as it had been in past levels. Also, please note that some actions within the game earn much more XP than others. You might see a jump in your bar if you complete a task that rewards a large amount of XP. What is the maximum level? What happens now? The max XP level in Tiny Castle is currently level 25. Congrats on reaching this level! We are working on adding more levels. Currently, we're saving all XP you're earning and will apply it to your total when we add more levels. How do I reset the game? There isn't currently an option to reset Tiny Castle. How does storage work? The Tiny Castle can only hold a certain amount of currency. You can tap your castle to see how much. At level 7, you'll be able to start building extra storage buildings to hold more magic dust, food and coins outside the castle. Each building will only hold one of the currencies. Coin Banks cost magic dust, while both Dust Vaults and Food Pantries cost coins. The player can watch as their storage buildings fill up with beautiful food, dust and coins! Creatures and Summoning How do you summon Creatures? Summoning is a magical process that allows two creatures to mix their magic into a new hybrid egg. To Summon, you'll need an Enchanted Tree and at least two teen or adult Creatures. Once you have an Enchanted Tree built, tap on it to begin. A menu will appear that allows you to choose two Creatures. Each creature will have icons that show what type of magic they have. Depending on the creatures you choose, you will get different hybrids. Once you confirm the creatures you want to use, you can either wait the allotted amount of time or choose to instantly finish summoning using Jewels. How do I instantly finish summoning? You can instantly finish summoning at any time by using Jewels. While your Creatures are summoning, tap on the Enchanted Tree and then on the "Finish" button. You can confirm the amount of jewels to finish summoning right away. How do I sell an egg? You can sell your egg once it's done incubating by tapping it and selecting the option to “Sell Egg.” Confirm your decision and you’ll earn XP and coins. How do I stop summoning or incubating? You can't stop summoning or incubating an egg that is currently in progress. Once it is finished, you can sell an egg to earn XP and coins. How do I rename my Creatures? There currently isn't a feature in Tiny Castle that allows you to change the name of your Creatures. If you would like to see this feature, we would love to hear your opinions and suggestions on our Facebook page . Buildings Information What does the hoe over my farm mean? The hoe icon means your farm is ready to plant more food. Tap on the hoe to bring up your farm menu. Once you start planting more food, the hoe will go away until you collect your food. What does the bucket over my Magic Well mean? The bucket icon means your Magic Well is ready for you to make a wish. Tap on the bucket to make a wish to produce more magic dust. Once you start producing more magic dust, the bucket will go away until you collect your wish. Minions and Banishing What are Minions? Minions are sent by the Evil Queen to try and scare you away from your kingdom. Each minion is associated with a different type of magic, and will only appear in certain areas. There are five varieties of each Minion: Stinky, Junior, Ugly, Scary, and Master. Stinky is the weakest, and Master is the most powerful. How do I get rid of a Minion? There are two ways to get rid of a Minion: Bribe and Banish. Tap on a minion to see both options. To Bribe a minion, tap "Bribe". Bribing a minion costs food. It will make the Minion go away, but you won't get any magic dust. To Banish a minion, tap "Banish".Successfully banishing a Minion will give you a lot of magic dust, but if your creatures aren't strong enough, you might lose the battle. What's wrong with my buildings near the Minion? Minions affect how much coins, dust, and food you can collect from creatures, the magic well, and farms. When a minion is near one of your buildings, you will only be able to collect 90% of the resources from a building - the minion will steal the other 10%! If your building has a red arrow on its icon, it's being affected by a minion. How do I banish a minion? To banish a minion, tap the minion and then tap "Banish". You will have to select a creature to banish the minion. At the bottom of the screen, you can see your creature's chances of winning the battle. Once you confirm your selection, the battle begins. When it's your creature's turn, you'll see four orbs circling the minion. Tap when all of the orbs are together in the center for the most powerful attack. Attacks deplete a minion's courage. When the minion's courage is gone, you win the battle! Minions will run away and leave behind Magic Dust. What's Courage and Power? Courage is how long your creature can stay in battle. Courage is represented by a red heart. Attacks lower a creature's courage. Power is how strong your creature's attacks are. Power is represented by a small sword. Power determines how much courage you take away from a minion whenever you attack. Increasing your creature's level usually increases their power and courage. Device Issues I just got a new device and my game is gone. How do I get it back? You will need your old and new IMEI information. To locate this information, visit find my IMEI . If you cannot find your IMEI through the link, please contact your phone or device provider and they may be able to help. Once you have this information, please send this to TinyCo Support using the link at the bottom of this page. Please make it clear which is your old IMEI and which is your new one. I'm experiencing a bug. What do I do? If you’re having any issues with the game, please try uninstalling and reinstalling the app. Don't worry, doing this will not erase your game! The information is stored on our servers and associated to your device. If reinstalling does not help, please contact our support site and we’ll be happy to investigate further. Currency and Billing How do I set a PIN to prevent accidental purchases in the future? Please check the manual of your device to learn how to set up a PIN to help prevent accidental purchases. How do I disable all in-app purchases? Please check the manual of your device to learn how to set up a PIN to help prevent accidental purchases. I bought some in-game currency and I still haven’t received it! What do I do? We’re sorry to hear that you haven't received your currency yet. We are very grateful that you chose to make a purchase, and will make absolutely sure that you receive what you bought. Please send us your receipt from the Google Play Store in addition to your IMEI. If you just recently bought in-game currency, please try restarting your device, then running the app again and leaving it open for a minute. Sometimes it can take a little while for the system to credit and give you your currency. If you still haven’t received your currency in an hour or so, please let us know. If it has been some time since you made the purchase and you've tried restarting, and you still haven't received your currency, please contact us with either your phone's UDID/IMEI number, or your TinyID. We'll take a close look and find out where it went. How do I earn more coins for free? You can earn coins for free by collecting from your Homes and Creatures, selling Creatures, and completing quests. How do I earn more Magic Dust for free? You can earn Magic Dust for free by making a wish to produce more Magic Dust from your Magic Well. You can also obtain Magic Dust through completing quests. How do I earn more jewels? Aside from buying more through an in-app purchase, the best way to earn more jewels is to complete quests that list jewels as a reward. We also hold contests on the Tiny Castle fan page , so be sure to join us for your chance to win! Homes/Decorations I need more room; how do I expand? Additional expansions are not available yet on Tiny Castle. If you would like to see this feature, we would love to hear your opinions and suggestions on our Facebook page . Can I store my Creatures, Homes, or decorations? Tiny Castle does not have an inventory system at this time, but we're often adding new features to the game. Like us on Facebook to stay up-to-date on news and announcements. I’m trying to buy more Homes but I’m not allowed to. Why? Depending on your level, each player is allowed a certain amount of total Homes. Please go to your market and see if you're at the maximum amount of your Homes.At the top of the page, you will see a number of how many Homes already own out of how many Homes you're currently allowed. I am trying to move or place an item but it won't let me. Why? When placing items, be sure that nothing is blocking the item. The item will be highlighted green when available to place. If it’s red, something may be in the way. Things like rocks, bushes, trees and decorations generally do this, as items cannot be placed above them. Social How do I take a photo of my Tiny Castle game? Please consult the manual of your device to learn how to take a screen shot. Where is Tiny Social? How do I visit others? Tiny Social is not yet available in Tiny Castle. Please feel free to take a screenshot and share your game with us on the Facebook Fan Page though! How do I get a TinyID? TinyIDs are a feature currently not yet available in Tiny Castle. You can create one in another TinyCo game, such as Tiny Zoo or Tiny Village. Please temporarily download either game, tap on "Tiny Social" and then on the "Profile" tab. You can create a TinyID here. Still have questions? Contact us! Still have questions? Contact us! If you have any gameplay-related questions and suggestions, reach out to fellow fans on our official Facebook Fan Page. If you are experiencing a bug, have a billing issue, or require assistance with a transfer, please send us an email. Please note, we do not provide support for basic game play questions, so be sure to read this FAQ to find the answers to your questions.