Privacy Policy Updated on June 30, 2020 Scope of Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy applies to information collected about you by a Syncbak App. This Privacy Policy does not cover any information collected through any other website. Please note that a Syncbak App may contain links to non-Syncbak websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites, and we recommend that you visit the privacy policies of each website that you visit. Information Collected You are not required to provide information about yourself when you download or use a Syncbak App, but we may not be able to provide certain services without knowing certain information. A Syncbak App utilizes the location services resident on your device to determine your device’s location in order to acquire relevant content. This information is stored for on-going location authentication purposes required during your current session for the continued use of a Syncbak App. Syncbak collects ID information pertaining to the device that has downloaded or uses a Syncbak App, which may be needed while providing services to you. Syncbak logs all data pertaining to the activity of using a Syncbak App – pages viewed, content viewed and duration of content viewing sessions. We do not actively collect email addresses or other contact information (such as name and address), but we will retain such information if voluntarily provided by you. This information will not be sold or otherwise provided to third parties. Use of Information We generally only use information collected during your current user session of a Syncbak App. We do not reuse or access this information for any future uses a Syncbak App that you may initiate. Syncbak will re-collect the information necessary for Syncbak to provide you services for your current user session. We may share your information with service providers to show advertisements to you. We generally use other information we collect about you to analyze the use of a Syncbak App to understand and improve our service offerings and, to produce anonymous or aggregated data and statistics that might help third parties develop their own products and service offerings. This sharing of anonymized or aggregated information will not include information that could be used to individually identify you. Disclosure of Information We may share your information, anonymous or aggregated, with third-party vendors who help us with specialized services, including business analytics, marketing, and data processing. These third parties are allowed to use your information to help us provide our services and not for any other purpose. We may disclose information about our users, including contact information, to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, and other law enforcement measures, and to comply with other legal obligations, such as FCC requirements. Opt Out Syncbak does not currently use any of the collected information for the purposes of emailing or text messaging for commercial purposes. In the event Syncbak does utilize the collected data in such a manner, you can opt out of receiving such email or text messages by notifying us via email. Information for California Residents For additional information for residents of the State of California visit https://syncbak.com/company/ccpa/ Protection of Information We have adopted commercially reasonable technical, administrative, and physical procedures to help protect your information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, and alteration. Please note that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure Privacy Protections for Children Syncbak Apps are intended for a general audience and do not knowingly collect or store contact information about children under the age of 13. Third Party Sites When you select a link to a third party website from a Syncbak App (for example, if you click on a banner ad displayed on a Syncbak App), you will be leaving the Syncbak App. Any information that you disclose on the third party site will be governed by that site’s privacy policy. Changes to This Privacy Policy We may update this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in our practices and service offerings. If we modify our Privacy Policy, we will update the “Effective Date” and such changes will be effective upon posting. If we make any material changes in the way we use your information, we will notify you by sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice of the changes on the Syncbak App. Questions If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us:1 Research CenterMarion, IA 52302 1032 6th Avenue #403 New York, NY 10018 212.301.0667 1 Research Center Marion, IA 52302 319.892.3022