Regarding the handling of personal information 2018.12.01 *All displayed prices do not include tax. Applicants for the "v6 Internet connection function (IPoE)" (hereinafter referred to as "this service") are required to provide this service by TOKAI Communications Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "our company"). Nippon Telegraph and Telephone Corporation (hereinafter referred to as "NTT East") or Nippon Telegraph and Telephone West Corporation (hereinafter referred to as "NTT West") has established Japan Network Enabler Corporation (hereinafter referred to as "JPNE"). ), and JPNE, through GMO Internet, Inc. (hereafter referred to as “GMO Internet”), will provide us with contract information or application information (limited to those listed below) for their own IP communication network services. In addition, I agree to provide information (including information when canceling the application for IP communication network service). *In this document, the line services provided by Hikari Collaboration Business Operators using the wholesale line services provided by NTT East or NTT West are collectively referred to as "Hikari Collaboration." At the time of opening of this service Upon opening of this service, the following information will be provided to JPNE, GMO Internet and our company from NTT East or his NTT West. Customer ID given by NTT East or NTT West (Line ID (13-digit alphanumeric number starting with "CAF", 10-digit number starting with "COP") contact number), line subscriber contact phone number, applicant contact phone number Inquiry results and non-matching items with these service provision conditions* Presence or absence of contracts for services equivalent to FLET'S products required for provision (FLET'S Hikari Next line, Hikari Denwa or Rental Home Gateway) Application and installation information for various FLET'S products that are insufficient in light of the provision conditions (FLET'S Hikari Next service status, scheduled date of in-house construction work) *The provision conditions refer to the following: ・FLET'S・You are using a joint (*1) compatible home gateway, etc. (*1) FLET'S JOINT is a service provided by NTT East and NTT West to business operators. https://business.ntt-east.co.jp/service/joint/) and NTT West (https://flets-w.com/biz/joint/)  Light for using this service When the collaboration line is transferred or discontinued In the event that the Hikari collaboration line using this service is changed (transfer, abolishment, contract cancellation, item change, service menu change, transfer, succession, etc.), NTT East or NTT West will The information provided to JPNE, GMO Internet, and the Company is as follows: Date and type of cancellation, etc. of the Hikari Collaboration line Customer ID given by NTT East or NTT West (line ID (“CAF”) A 13-digit alphanumeric number starting with "COP", a 10-digit number starting with "COP")  When making inquiries about the Service Regarding the service provision status related to the Hikari Collaboration line that uses the Service, NTT East or NTT East or If you make an inquiry to NTT West, the information provided to JPNE, GMO Internet, and the Company from NTT East or NTT West is as follows: Operational status of the Hikari Collaboration line and home gateway used for this service ( Whether it is operating normally) FLET'S JOINT provision status for the Hikari Collaboration line and home gateway using this service (whether there is a contract and whether the software is distributed normally)