Scope of this Privacy Policy This Spark privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) is applicable to how Spark Community handles personally identifiable information that is left when users log in to the Spark website and server, as well as other personally identifiable information shared with our business partners. This Privacy Policy is not applicable to organizations that do not belong to Spark Community or non-Spark employees. Spark Community believes strongly in protecting the privacy of its users. This Privacy Policy is intended to inform you of the ways we collect our users’ information. This Privacy Policy constitutes an inseparable part of the Spark User Agreement and the Spark Community Payment Policy and must be read together with (i) Spark User Agreement including but not limited to Clause 6 (on Privacy Protection) of the Spark User Agreement; and (ii) the Spark Community Payment Policy. Abusive Feedback System Spark Community will not allow objectionable content or abusive users. Users can report objectionable content and users at chat and profile page. Adultury words and rude behavior is severely prohibited in Spark. Once the report is verified, we will immediately block the abusive user and remove offending content within 24 hours. Collection and Use of Information Spark Community will collect your personally identifiable information when you register a Spark Community account, use other Spark Community products or services, access Spark Community webpages, or participate in promotional or prize winning games provided for by Spark Community. Spark Community also collects personally identifiable information from our business partners. By registering to our Web Services, you are authorizing Spark Community to collect, store, process, share and use your personal information. When you register a Spark Community account, we will ask for your name, email address, interests, birthday, gender and personal webpage, in any, in addition to a personal profile. Once you are successfully registered with Spark Community, we will be able to identify you when you log in to the server. Spark Community automatically receives and records the information on your browser and server logs, including your IP address, information in the Spark Community cookies, web beacons and your browsing history. We use information collected from cookies and web beacons to improve your experience using our Web Services and the quality of services we provided. Cookies and beacons may also be used to collect information from third parties’ websites to help advertise the products and services of Spark Community. Spark Community uses this information to enhance the quality of the video services that we provide and to improve the effectiveness to better tailor our services to your interests and needs and to analyze the effectiveness of our performance. You will be responsible for any consequences arising from problems caused by the provision of untruthful and/or, inaccurate Information. Please do not transfer or lend your account name or password to any third party. On the internet, a user’s account name or password may be used illegally as a result of hacking or otherwise or the user’s own negligence in protecting such information. Please notify Spark Community immediately if you find that your account has been illegally used by others any third party. Disclosure and Sharing of Information When you submit your personal data as well as non-personal data and information, it shall be deemed that you have acknowledged, agreed and consented to Spark Community regarding the collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information by Spark Community. Spark Community will never display, rent or sell your personally identifiable information to others without your consent, except to the extent required by law or to identified parties such as our affiliates, agents and service providers and business transfers. By using our Web Services, you hereby further acknowledge, accept and grant your consent to Spark Community to disclose your Information to the aforementioned identified parties on a strictly-need to know basis. The following circumstances are excluded: When your desired products and services can only be provided if your personal information is disclosed; When we are required to provide information to the companies that provide products or services on our behalf; (unless we notify you otherwise, these companies do not have the right to use your personally identifiable information); When we are required to comply with a court summons, court order or to comply with a legal process; When we discover that you have violated the terms of use of Spark Community, Spark Community global village or any other products or services.Spark Community is not responsible for any collection, disclosure and/or use of your personal information provided by you to any third party's website which may be linked to or from our Web Services. Cookies Spark Community will set or access Spark Community cookies on your computer. Cookies are pieces of text that a website places on your personal computer to help remember information about your visit. Spark Community allows those companies that publish advertisements on our webpages to set or access cookies on user computers. Other companies will use cookies in accordance with their own privacy policies, and cannot access cookies used by Spark Community. In performing operations associated with our products and services, Spark Community uses web beacons to retrieve cookies from our website. You may choose to refuse to accept or to delete cookies. By refusing or deleting cookies, your use of our Web Services may be impacted; it may prevent you from using our services and may result to deletion of your personal preferences. Web Beacons (if applicable) Our Web Services include electronic images (known as a "pixel GIF" or a "beacon") that allow the website to calculate the number of webpage users or users that have saved a certain cookie. The ways in which Spark Community uses beacons include: Beacons used within Spark Community. Web beacons are small graphics with unique identifier that are embedded invisibly on the web pages. Spark Community uses beacons on its Web Services to calculate the total number of users and to identify registered users using saved Spark Community cookies. We are able to provide customized webpage services when you are on non-6.cn websites by saving Spark Community cookies. Web beacons are used outside of Spark Community domain Spark Community uses website beacons to collect data for partner websites; relevant data is also used for statistical purposes. Spark Community user data recorded by website beacons are compiled and made available to our partners as aggregate data for reference purposes. Aggregate data includes information such as user count and usage, but does not include any personally identifiable data. When Spark Community places website beacons to collect data for our partners, we require our partners to inform users on their privacy policy page that the webpage uses website beacons. NB. This option will only be recorded in your current browser and will not be recorded in your user history. Therefore, to completely block the beacon, you must click on the above link on all of your computers and browsers. HTML Emails Spark Community typically adds a beacon when sending emails in HTML format (emails containing images) to count the number of opened messages. Typically, electronic images are considered to be part of the webpage and, including banner ads, can all be used as beacons. Therefore, beacons can be added to all advertisements placed by Spark Community. Spark Community tracks certain usage behavior. Information collected from web beacons are used to understand how customers use our products, provide more accurate reports and enhance the effectiveness of our marketing. Editing Personal Account Information and Preferences At any time, you have the right to edit your account information and preferences, including whether or not you would like to receive information on the latest products from Spark Community. It is important that you keep your information accurate and up to date. Inaccurate or incomplete information may impact our ability to deliver our services to you. Security Safeguards Your Spark Community account is password protected to ensure the security of your privacy and information. You are responsible for maintaining the privacy and the confidentiality of your own data and information. Please keep yourself informed when accessing the internet and to always read and review the policy / privacy statement on the site that you are accessing. Please use complex passwords with long enough combinations of letters and numbers that require unusual combinations keyboard whereas; simple passwords are easy to be broken. Please never give your password to anyone. Amendments to the Privacy Policy Spark Community periodically makes changes to this Privacy Policy. If there are significant changes to the Privacy Policy, we will promptly notify users by posting the relevant terms in a prominent position on the webpage.Auto-renewing Subscription we have added the Premium Account for more awesome features and it’s an auto-renewing subscription.Subscription is for $9.99/month,$24.99/three months,$69.99/ year.Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase.Your subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.Your account will be charged of renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period ,and identify the cost of the renewal.You can manage your subscription and switch off the auto-renewal by accessing your Account Settings after purchase. Any unused portion of a free trial period ,if offered,will be forfeited if you purchase a subscription to the publication.Privacy Policy of Spark Your privacy is important to our team and we are committed to protecting your privacy. So we’ve developed a Privacy Policy. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions. PERSONAL INFORMATION Personal information is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person. We DO NOT collect, store or use any personal information while you visit, download or upgrade our products, excepting the personal information that you submit to us when you create a user account, send an error report and other activities. Only for the following purposes that we may use personal information submitted by you: help us develop, deliver, and improve our products and services and supply higher quality service; manage online surveys and other activities you’ve participated in. In the following circumstances, we may disclose your personal information according to your wish or regulations by law: (1) Your prior permission; (2) By the applicable law within or outside your country of residence, legal process, litigation requests; (3) By requests from public and governmental authorities; (4) To protect our legal rights and interests. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us, the choices you make, including your privacy settings, and the products and features you use. The data we collect can include SDK/API/JS code version, application identifier, application version, application distribution channel, independent deice identifier, iOS ad identifier (IDFA), Android ad master identifier, network card (MAC) address, and international mobile device identification code (IMEI) The equipment model, the terminal manufacturer, the terminal device operating system version, the session start / stop time, the location of the language, the time zone and the network state (WiFi and so on), the hard disk, Screen pixel density, Screen pixel height, width, Apply Signature MD5 value, AppPlatform type, Screen orientation, Google Advertising ID, Android ID, Cell Phone SD card ID, Serial number, System ROM Version, Operators, Storage space Size,Package Name,the CPU, and the battery use, etc. USE OF PERSONAL DATA Product Improvement. We use data to continually improve our products, including adding new features or capabilities. For example, we added the discovery page function, we need to use the user's name, gender, Avatar, birthday, location display personal information, so that more users know, make friends around the world. We will use IP address, recommend to the user nearby, let more users make friends with nearby. SHARING OF PERSONAL DATA To improve our product and provide you better service, we also share personal data with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this privacy policy. For example, companies we've hired to provide data analytical services may need collect and access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements. LGGAL BASIS FOR DATA PROCESSING We process Personal Data for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, as described above. Our legal basis to process personal data includes processing that is: necessary for the performance of the contract with you (for example, to provide you with the services you request and to identify and authenticate you so you may use the Sites); necessary to comply with legal requirements (for example, to comply with applicable accounting rules and to make mandatory disclosures to law enforcement); necessary for our legitimate interests (for example, to manage our relationship with you, to ensure the security of our services, to communicate with you about our products and services); and based on consent by our customers (for example, to place certain cookies and to share your information with third parties for advertising purposes). In some instances, you may be required to provide us with Personal Data for processing as described above, in order for us to be able to provide you all of our services, and for you to use all the features of our Sites. International Transfers of Personal Data Our business may require us to transfer your Personal Data to countries outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), including to countries such as the People’s Republic of China or Singapore. We take appropriate steps to ensure that recipients of your Personal Data are bound to duties of confidentiality and we implement measures such as standard contractual clauses. A copy of those clauses can be obtained by contacting our Help Center. Your Rights Subject to limitations in applicable law, you are entitled to object to or request the restriction of processing of your Personal Data, and to request access to, rectification, erasure and portability of your own Personal Data.Where the use of your information is based on consent, you can withdraw this consent at any time without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal.Requests should be submitted by contacting us through richardfish1971@gmail.com, meetappfeedback@gmail.com. If you are aware of changes or inaccuracies in your information, you should inform us of such changes so that our records may be updated or corrected. You may lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you consider that our processing of your Personal Data infringes applicable law. We retain your Personal Data as long as needed to provide services or products to you, or as required or permitted by applicable laws, such as tax and accounting laws. NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION Non-personal information is data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual, such as your Android ID, CPN model, phone model etc. We may collect and use non-personal information in the following circumstances. To have a better understanding in user’s behavior, solve problems in products and services, improve our products, services and advertising, we may collect non-personal information such as installed application name and package name, the data of install, country, equipment and channel. If non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy. PROTECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION We take precautions — including administrative, technical, and physical measures — to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, and misuse, as well as against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. When you use some products, services, or post your comments, the personal information you share is visible to other users and can be read, collected, or used by them. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these instances. Please take care when using these features. AUTO-RENEWING SUBSCRIPTION we have added the Premium Account for more awesome features and it’s an auto-renewing subscription.Subscription is for $9.99/month,$24.99/three months,$69.99/ year.Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase.Your subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.Your account will be charged of renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period ,and identify the cost of the renewal.You can manage your subscription and switch off the auto-renewal by accessing your Account Settings after purchase. Any unused portion of a free trial period ,if offered,will be forfeited if you purchase a subscription to the publication. PRIVACY QUESTIONS If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or data processing. We may update Privacy Policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy.