Expand/CollapseMenu TLC Home Home Discussions Discussions Documentation Documentation Knowledge Base Knowledge Base Education Education Blog Blog Support Desk Support Desk Announcements Blog Show only | Search instead for : : : Preparing for GDPR Mark as NewMark as Read Preparing for GDPR ‎03-13-2018 09:17 AM TealiumJustin Mark as NewMark as Read In this announcement: Overview What is GDPR? The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is European legislation meant to consolidate data privacy regulations across Europe. The date to begin enforcement for GDPR compliance is May 25, 2018 . Your Role as a Data Controller The data controller determines the purposes and means of collecting personal data and is the owner of the data. A ll personal data collected is subject to GDPR and requires consent from the data subjects. The consent must be a clear affirmative act. In addition, the data controller must be able to demonstrate that the data subject has given consent to the processing operation. Our Role as a Data Processor When you send data into the products–EventStream, AudienceStream, or DataAccess –we act as a data processor. As a data processor, we have the responsibility to provide you (the data controller) the means to fulfill data subject access requests and to provide responsible data collection practices. Read below to learn more the Visitor API. Our Role as a Tag Manager Our client-side solution to tag management (iQ) ensures that we do not collect or process personal data being sent directly to third-party vendors via the browser or device. However, iQ Tag Management offers a feature to help you, as the data controller, with data governance and consent management. Read below to learn more about the Consent Management feature. How Tealium Can Help Consent Management in iQ Update (May 8th, 2018) The full releases of the Explicit Consent Prompt Manager and Consent Preferences Manager are now available. Once activated and turned on, your next publish will contain the new consent features. Update (May 1st, 2018) Preview releases of the Explicit Consent Prompt Manager and Consent Preferences Manager are available. They can be configured, but not activated. An upcoming release will make it possible to activate and publish them. As a data controller, you are responsible for ensuring that consent is properly acquired from your users and to give them the option to withdraw that consent at any time. iQ offers Consent Management to help you comply with these requirements. Consent Management uses the following two (2) components to help you manage consent: Consent Request Manager Configure the prompt that is presented on your website to request consent from users. Users can grant consent or withdraw consent via the prompt. Consent Preferences Manager Configure the categories of tracking offered to users that give consent. Consent Management offers the following features: Multi-Language SupportCustomizable Content: Message, Logo, Call to Action Button, etc.Fully Customizable Presentation: HTML, JavaScript, and CSSGlobal Settings (for multiple profiles)Automated Load Rule Creation to Target Users in the EUConfigure the Tags to Omit (non-tracking tags)Logging Consent ChangesPreview Mode This is an upcoming feature and more details will be announced as they become available. Until then, enjoy this quick preview of the consent management feature: Visitor Lookup in AudienceStream Update (May 10th, 2018) The Visitor Lookup tool is now available in AudienceStream. Use this new feature to lookup individual visitor records and delete the if needed. Also, see the details of the API running behind the scenes, which is available to customers to build their our GDPR compliance features. Update (March 26th, 2018) A preview release of the Visitor API is now available: Tealium API > Visitor Lookup API This release includes active endpoints that can be developed against, however they will only return placeholder data. Stay tuned for a future release that will fully enable the API to service visitor lookup requests for your account. As a data controller, you must comply with data subjects' rights to access, rectify, and delete data. The Visitor API will be available as a screen within AudienceStream as well as an API to be integrated programmatically. Access to the API is secured by access keys that must be granted to active users of the account. The Visitor API offers the following features: Lookup/View Visitor DataDelete Visitor DataView Visitor ID AttributesCheck Delete Status. Frequently Asked Questions How does Tealium use cookies? See the article How Tealium Uses Cookies . Does Tealium provide logging or evidence of consent, so that I don’t have to? Yes, if enabled, EventDB and EventStore can accommodate this logging.Can Tealium request consent from my website visitors for me? While Tealium does not inherit the burden of consent responsibility, Tealium iQ will offer a convenient set of consent management features that assist with collecting consent. Does a request to delete data assume consent withdrawal? No, erasure and consent are independent. If you submit an erasure request, all data for that user is deleted. If that user visits your site again, without withdrawing consent, then data collection will continue. Is Tealium a data processor or a data controller? Tealium is a data processor with respect to your web properties and your users. Tealium is a data controller only with respect to our own web properties and services such as tealium.com and my.tealiumiq.com. Do my website visitors go to Tealium to submit data inquiries? No, your customers will submit their data inquiries directly to you and you will use the API or the Universal Data Hub (UDH) user interface to fulfill those inquiries, as detailed above in this document. Will Tealium handle data inquiries for all the tag vendors I manage in iQ? No, Tealium cannot certify or monitor the data inquires of third-party vendors. Tealium iQ Tag Management software only honors the consent response and tracking preferences of the data subject as configured in the consent management feature. Will Tealium handle data inquires for all the connector vendors I manage in EventStream/AudienceStream? Tealium is dedicated to passing along the data inquiry to vendors that provide an API for GDPR Data Subject Access Requests. Check the Connector Marketplace for vendors that support this functionality. If a user consents to be tracked by a website from one device but declines consent on another device, will he or she be tracked? Consent is granted on a device, browser, or app basis. A user will be tracked on any device, browser, or app where consent has been given and not tracked on those devices where it has not be given (or has been withdrawn). What will happen to the Privacy Manager extension ? The new Consent Management tools are a replacement for the functionality offered by the Privacy Manager extension. After the Consent Management tools are fully released the Privacy Manager extension will be removed from the Extension Marketplace, though existing instances of the extension will continue to function. Tags: 12 Kudos Back to Blog Newer Article Older Article Latest Articles Labels 1 53 40 66 Latest Comments Jane_PS on: Support Challenge Winner Spotlight: Tarun Kumar ksmith on: Introducing CCPA Consent Manager for Tealium iQ Ta... ThijsvanOirscho on: Introducing Server-Side User Permissions mitchellt on: New Location Tracking and Geofencing Feature for M... KristenMeren on: Get More Out of Customer Data with Machine Learnin... Tony_Taliaferro on: Introducing the View-Through Tracking Extension Tirrusri on: Release Notes - December 2018 zed_haque on: Hosted Data Layer Now Supports JSON Files TealiumJustin on: Tealium Release Notes - April 2018 tamedbeast on: Introducing Product Ideas Products Company Copyright All Rights Reserved © 2008-2023 PublicExpand/CollapseMenu TLC Home Home Discussions Discussions Documentation Documentation Knowledge Base Knowledge Base Education Education Blog Blog Support Desk Support Desk Announcements Blog Show only | Search instead for : : : Introducing CCPA Consent Manager for Tealium iQ Ta... Mark as NewMark as Read Introducing CCPA Consent Manager for Tealium iQ Tag Management ‎05-14-2020 11:46 AM TealiumJustin Mark as NewMark as Read This release includes the all-new feature, CCPA Consent Manager for Tealium iQ Tag Management. The CCPA Consent Manager enables you to add a privacy banner and popup to your site in support of compliance for the California Consumer Protection Act (CCPA). Other updates in this release include improvements to tag categorization and event logging for all consent management features. In this announcement: CCPA Consent Manager The new CCPA Consent Manager for Tealium iQ Tag Management is now available to help you stay compliant with the California Consumer Protection Act. With just a few easy steps you can add a privacy banner and popup to your site without any additional coding. What is CCPA? The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) is legislation that secures new privacy rights for California consumers. This sweeping legislation creates significant new requirements for identifying, tracking, and deleting consumer privacy information. All companies subject to CCPA must adhere to the new regulations or face fines and other legal reprimands. The date to begin enforcement for CCPA compliance is July 1st, 2020. How Tealium Can Help If your company is subject to CCPA you are responsible for ensuring that you provide a "Do Not Sell My Information" link on your website or mobile app and to give your users the option to opt-out of the sale of personal information. Tealium iQ Tag Management offers consent management tools to help you comply with these requirements. The CCPA Consent Manager offers the following components in support of CCPA: Banner and Popup Configure both a banner and popup to cover the full "Do Not Sell" experience. The banner displays the necessary message to the user at the bottom of the screen and includes a link that pops up the "Do Not Sell" prompt and a link to your policy about the sale of personal information. Popup Configure a dedicated "Do Not Sell" popup for for use with your existing privacy banner. The popup provides a link to your "Do Not Sell My Information" disclosure page and a toggle for the user to opt-in or opt-out of the sale of information. Features Multi-Language SupportCustomizable Content: Message, Do Not Sell link, Call to Action Button, etc.Fully Customizable Presentation: HTML, JavaScript, and CSSGlobal Settings (for multiple profiles)Preview Mode Tags Affected by Do Not Sell The CCPA Consent Manager improves to the way that tags are categorized to allow more flexibility over which tags are governed. In the CCPA Consent Manager tags are governed by by their UID , which means that two instances of the same tag can appear in different categories. This allows tags to be categorized based on their specific behavior (for example, whether they sell personal information), instead of based on their general purpose. Release Notes Added the CCPA Consent Manager, with banner and popup workflow.Tags can be categorized as “Do not sell personal information”.Updated the consent cookie to include an opt-out option of “DNS” (do not sell).Updated the consent change event specifications to include the CCPA policy and a "do not sell" tag list attribute. Event Logging now applies to all consent management workflows. Tag categories can be renamed within GDPR Consent Preferences.Changed the default consent cookie expiration to 12 months for GDPR.The Tealium Collect tag is now categorized under "Big Data".Added ability to select a profile for event data logging. Links CCPA Consent Manager Setup Guide Learn how to activate, configure, and customize the CCPA Consent Manager banner and popup for your site. Tealium CCPA Webinar Series Learn more about CCPA and it’s newly introduced consumer rights from this Tealium Master Class. Tealium Consent Management See the full offering of consent management features. Frequently Asked Questions We already have a cookie banner, how do we integrate the popup for the CCPA Consent Manager? The CCPA Consent Manager is designed to work with an existing cookie banner. With the popup configured, a JavaScript function that triggers the pop-up is made available in your Universal Tag (utag.js). To integrate the CCPA popup with your banner, add a link with an "on click" action to call the JavaScript function. How does Tealium use cookies? See the article How Tealium Uses Cookies . We are already GDPR compliant. Does that mean we are also CCPA compliant? No.Being GDPR compliant does not mean that you are CCPA compliant. You need to make changes to your privacy policy, include a “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link on your home page and footer, establish methods for requests for access, change, and erasure of data, establish a method for verification of the identity of the person making a data-related request, and establish a method for obtaining prior consent by minors before selling their personal data. 1 Kudo Back to Blog Newer Article Older Article Comments mitchellt ‎06-22-2020 12:36 PM Mark as ReadMark as New ‎06-22-2020 12:36 PM 0 Kudos TealiumJustin ‎06-29-2020 02:50 PM Mark as ReadMark as New ‎06-29-2020 02:50 PM @mitchellt You should be able to use geolocation to populate a data layer variable, then use that in a load rule, which can be set as the Display Rule in the CCPA Consent Manager. 2 Kudos mitchellt ‎06-29-2020 07:41 PM Mark as ReadMark as New ‎06-29-2020 07:41 PM 0 Kudos ksmith ‎02-21-2021 07:43 PM Mark as ReadMark as New ‎02-21-2021 07:43 PM I saw on another post you were still interested in this capability and I know we've solved this for other customers already using the response headers from our CDN endpoint. The TiQ CDN has a location service we can hit at https://akamai.tiqcdn.com/location/location.js . Using the response headers, you should be able to output the desired data layer variables you need for location based consent (or any other creative purpose you can think of). Here is an extension that was developed by our Technical Trainer here in Melbourne, Aus (I'm not taking credit for this - Thanks Zac). Feel free to customise based on your needs. This will output the relevant data layer variables you need. Use the CSV import for your Tealium iQ profile and paste the following. Would love to hear how you go with this, please keep us posted. Good luck Kieran 0 Kudos Latest Articles Labels 1 53 40 66 Latest Comments Jane_PS on: Support Challenge Winner Spotlight: Tarun Kumar ksmith on: Introducing CCPA Consent Manager for Tealium iQ Ta... ThijsvanOirscho on: Introducing Server-Side User Permissions mitchellt on: New Location Tracking and Geofencing Feature for M... KristenMeren on: Get More Out of Customer Data with Machine Learnin... Tony_Taliaferro on: Introducing the View-Through Tracking Extension Tirrusri on: Release Notes - December 2018 zed_haque on: Hosted Data Layer Now Supports JSON Files TealiumJustin on: Tealium Release Notes - April 2018 tamedbeast on: Introducing Product Ideas Products Company Copyright All Rights Reserved © 2008-2023 PublicExpand/CollapseMenu TLC Home Home Discussions Discussions Documentation Documentation Knowledge Base Knowledge Base Education Education Blog Blog Support Desk Support Desk Contact Us Show only | Search instead for : : Privacy on Tealium Learning Center This article describes how to manage your privacy within the Tealium Learning Center. The information here is an extension to the main Tealium privacy policy described here: Privacy at Tealium . In this article: How to Change Your Tracking Preferences You can change your consent preferences for the TLC at any time by clicking here: How to Retrieve Your Community Account Information You have the right to know what information about you is stored in the community. To retrieve your information from the community, go to: My Settings > Personal > Personal Information then scroll to the bottom to find these options: My community content Download all community posts and engagement associated to your account. My personal information Download all personal information associated to your account. How to Close Your Community Account You can close your account by going to: My Settings > Personal > Close Account Closing your account will remove your user name and avatar from the community site, but all of your posts and replies will be preserved. Will closing my account also remove my posts, replies, kudos, etc.? No. Your contributions (posts, comments) and engagement (kudos, accepted solutions) will be retained, but they will be disassociated from your user account and replaced with a "Anonymous" user This user will have a generic username and avatar to distinguish it from other users. Can I recover my community account if I change my mind later on? No, the closed account cannot be recovered. If you want to rejoin the community, you must register as a new user. If I register again, can I use the same username? If available, you can register with the same username in the community. However, it will be treated as a new account with no association to the previously closed one. 0 Kudos Products Company Copyright All Rights Reserved © 2008-2023 Public