Privacy Policy Privacy Policy of Tecnica Formazione Sicurezza Data Controller Tecnica – Formazione – Sicurezza s.r.l. – Via Chambery 51 – 11100 – Aosta (AO) Italy Technique – Training – Safety s.r.l. – Via del Teroldego 1/R – 38016 – Mezzocorona (TN) Italy P. IVA IT00649260072 E-mail: info@tecnica-formazione-sicurezza.eu Web: www.tecnica-formazione-sicurezza.eu PEC: technique-training-safety @pec.it Telephone: +39 01651938044 Owner's e-mail address: info@tecnica-formazione-sicurezza.eu Types of data collected The personal data collected includes name, surname, place and date of birth, tax code for registration purposes of the training carried out, as required by current legislation. Additional personal data such as telephone, e-mail address, company name, VAT number / tax code can be provided by the user for the purpose of billing and accounting management, and receiving communications relating to the same. The e-mail address can be provided, optionally, also for the purpose of collecting data relating to the quality of the service provided, in compliance with the ISO 9001 and 21001 standards. The user can optionally give consent, free of charge, without time limits, also pursuant to articles 10 and 320 cod. civ. and of the articles 96 and 97 law 22.4.1941, n. 633, Law on copyright, to the publication and/or diffusion in any form of one's own images on the website of the Company/Institution ICE & FIRE s.r.l., on printed paper and/or on any other means of diffusion, as well as authorizing the conservation of the photos and videos themselves in the computer archives of the Company/Institution and acknowledges that the purpose of these publications is merely of an informative and possibly promotional nature. Method and place of processing of the collected Data Method of treatment The Data Controller adopts the appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification or destruction of Personal Data. The processing is carried out using IT and/or telematic tools, with organizational methods and with logic strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Data Controller, in some cases, other subjects involved in the organization of this Application (administrative, commercial, marketing, legal, system administrators) or external subjects (such as third party technical service providers, postal couriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communication agencies) also appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Data Controller. The updated list of Managers can always be requested from the Data Controller. Legal basis of the processing The Data Controller processes Personal Data relating to the User in the event that one of the following conditions exists: the User has given consent for one or more specific purposes; Note: in some jurisdictions, the Data Controller may be authorized to process Personal Data without the User's consent or another of the legal bases specified below, as long as the User does not object ("opt-out") to such treatment. However, this is not applicable if the processing of Personal Data is governed by European legislation on the protection of Personal Data; the processing is necessary for the execution of a contract with the User and/or for the execution of pre-contractual measures; the processing is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation to which the Data Controller is subject; the treatment is necessary for the execution of a task of public interest or for the exercise of public powers with which the Data Controller is invested; the processing is necessary for the pursuit of the legitimate interest of the Data Controller or of third parties. However, it is always possible to ask the Data Controller to clarify the concrete legal basis of each treatment and in particular to specify whether the treatment is based on the law, provided for by a contract or necessary to conclude a contract. Place The Data is processed at the Data Controller's operating offices and in any other place where the parties involved in the processing are located. For more information, contact the Owner. The User's Personal Data may be transferred to a country other than the one in which the User is located. To obtain further information on the place of processing, the User can refer to the section relating to the details on the processing of Personal Data. The User has the right to obtain information regarding the legal basis for the transfer of Data outside the European Union or to an international organization governed by public international law or constituted by two or more countries, such as for example the UN, as well as regarding the security measures adopted by the Data Controller to protect the Data.If one of the transfers described above takes place, the User can refer to the respective sections of this document or request information from the Data Controller by contacting him at the contact details indicated at the beginning. Retention period Data are processed and stored for the time required by the purposes for which they were collected. Therefore: Personal Data collected for purposes related to the execution of a contract between the Owner and the User will be retained until the execution of this contract is completed. Personal Data collected for purposes attributable to the legitimate interest of the Data Controller will be retained until such interest is satisfied. The User can obtain further information regarding the legitimate interest pursued by the Data Controller in the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the Data Controller. When the treatment is based on the User's consent, the Owner can keep the Personal Data for longer until said consent is revoked. Furthermore, the Data Controller may be obliged to keep Personal Data for a longer period in compliance with a legal obligation or by order of an authority. At the end of the retention period, the Personal Data will be deleted. Therefore, upon expiry of this term, the right of access, cancellation, rectification and the right to data portability can no longer be exercised. Purpose of the Processing of the Collected Data The User's Data is collected to allow the Owner to provide its Services, as well as for the following purposes: registration of the training carried out, invoicing, management of support and contact requests, statistics relating to the quality of the service provided. To obtain further detailed information on the purposes of the processing and on the Personal Data concretely relevant for each purpose, the User can refer to the relevant sections of this document. User rights Users can exercise certain rights with reference to the Data processed by the Owner. In particular, the User has the right to: withdraw consent at any time. The User can revoke the previously expressed consent to the processing of his Personal Data. oppose the processing of their Data. The User can object to the processing of their Data when it occurs on a legal basis other than consent. Further details on the right to object are set out in the section below. access their Data. The User has the right to obtain information on the Data processed by the Data Controller, on certain aspects of the processing and to receive a copy of the Data processed. check and ask for rectification. The User can verify the correctness of his Data and request its updating or correction. obtain the limitation of the treatment. When certain conditions are met, the User can request the limitation of the processing of their Data. In this case, the Data Controller will not process the Data for any other purpose than their conservation. obtain the cancellation or removal of their Personal Data. When certain conditions are met, the User can request the cancellation of their Data by the Owner receive their data or have them transferred to another owner. The User has the right to receive their Data in a structured format, commonly used and readable by an automatic device and, where technically feasible, to obtain its transfer without obstacles to another holder. This provision is applicable when the Data are processed with automated tools and the processing is based on the User's consent, on a contract of which the User is a party or on contractual measures connected to it. propose a complaint. The User can lodge a complaint with the competent personal data protection supervisory authority or take legal action. Details on the right to object When Personal Data is processed in the public interest, in the exercise of public powers vested in the Data Controller or to pursue a legitimate interest of the Data Controller, Users have the right to object to the processing for reasons connected with their particular situation. Users are reminded that, should their Data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they may object to the processing without providing any reason. To find out if the Data Controller processes data for direct marketing purposes, Users can refer to the respective sections of this document. How to exercise the rights To exercise the User's rights, Users can send a request to the contact details of the Owner indicated in this document. Requests are filed free of charge and processed by the Data Controller as soon as possible, in any case within a month.Additional User Rights We never, for any reason, sell or rent User Data to third parties. The only uses of the Data are those highlighted in this policy. Users are the sole owners of their Data and can request its modification or cancellation at any time. Further information on processing Defense in court The User's Personal Data may be used by the Data Controller in court or in the preparatory stages for its eventual establishment for the defense against abuse of the Services by the User. The User declares to be aware that the Owner may be obliged to disclose the Data by order of the public authorities. Information not contained in this policy Further information in relation to the processing of Personal Data may be requested at any time from the Data Controller using the contact details. Changes to this privacy policy The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by informing Users by sending a notification to Users via one of the contact details held by the Data Controller. Therefore, please consult this page regularly, referring to the date of the last modification indicated at the bottom. If the changes concern treatments whose legal basis is consent, the Data Controller will collect the User's consent again, if necessary. Definitions and legal references Personal Data (or Data) Personal data is any information which, directly or indirectly, also in connection with any other information, including a personal identification number, makes a natural person identified or identifiable. User The individual who uses this service who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the interested party. Data Subject The natural person to whom the Personal Data refer. Data Processor (or Data Processor) The natural person, legal person, public administration and any other body that processes personal data on behalf of the Data Controller, according to what is set out in this privacy policy. Data Controller (or Owner) The natural or legal person, public authority, service or other body which, individually or together with others, determines the purposes and means of processing personal data and the tools adopted, including the measures of security relating to the operation and use of this Service. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the owner of this Service. Service The Service provided by the Data Controller as defined in the relative terms. European Union (or EU) Unless otherwise specified, any reference to the European Union contained in this document is intended to include all current member states of the European Union and the European Economic Area. Legal references This privacy statement has been prepared on the basis of multiple legislative systems, including articles 13 and 14 of Regulation (EU) 2016/679 and the consolidated text on privacy, Legislative Decree 30 June 2003 n. 196. Technique - Training - Security s.r.l. Via Chambery 51, 11100 AOSTA Phone +39 0165 1938044 VAT IT00649260072 info@tecnica-formazione-sicurezza.eu