At Telenet, your privacy is in good hands! Our promises Your personal information, it belongs to you. You don't just share them with anyone. We think the same way at Telenet. If you choose to share your data with us, we promise to handle it with care and responsibility. Your data is yours. You decide what we do with it commercially. If we know you better, we can provide a Telenet experience that really suits you. Telenet speaks plain language What do we do with your data? Why are we doing that? How long do we keep track of everything? And with whom do we share what? At Telenet we have no secrets. Whether it concerns your address, telephone number or your viewing behaviour: your data is safe. When we use your data, we always comply with privacy legislation. What data is it actually about? That depends on which services you have at Telenet, of course. At Telenet we talk about 4 types of data: User data: these are your personal data, independent of your products or services. This concerns, for example, your name, address, contact details,… Transaction data: this concerns data that is linked to your use of Telenet services, such as location data, viewing behaviour,… Derived data: these are data that we derive from your user data and your transaction data . We use this to compile individual customer profiles, for example. Sensitive data: certain personal data are more sensitive in nature and are additionally protected by privacy legislation. Such as data about your health, for example. Telenet generally does not collect and use this data. An exception is, for example, a certificate of disability if you apply for a social tariff. Want to read more about what data we process? Then read our privacy policy, chapter 3a . Why does Telenet process this data? Most of this information is necessary. They are necessary to deliver or install your products, to use the Telenet offer or to send you your bill. Sometimes Telenet is also legally obliged to keep certain information. Of course always with full respect for your privacy. There is also our legitimate interest. In that case, it is necessary to process personal data to protect our interests. For example, to protect our networks and infrastructure, we monitor the traffic on our networks. It may also be necessary to process personal data to improve our products and services. Finally, we also use your data for commercial purposes, for example to send you advertising about our products. You determine which of your data we may use for this via your privacy settings. Prefer no advertising at all? Then choose the full opt-out (or complete unsubscription) via your privacy rights. Full details of why we process your data can be found in our privacy policy, section 3c . To whom does the Telenet privacy policy apply? All natural persons (not companies) who use our products and services. In concrete terms, this concerns our customers, former customers and future customers. But also about employees who use Telenet services through their employer, contact persons of our suppliers and partners, visitors to our shops and company buildings, visitors to our websites, users of our apps, participants in competitions, events, promotions, etc. Attention! Safespot, TADAAM and BASE have their own privacy policies. For other products such as Nuki and Ring, Telenet is only a reseller and the Telenet privacy policy does not apply. Everything about your privacy at Telenet How may we use your data? You choose. You do this via your privacy settings. There are four levels: from general to unique. Adjust your privacy level Your privacy rights give you more insight and control over the data we process from you. Exercise your rights Did something go wrong with your data? Then you can report a breach of your privacy quickly and easily. Report a breach Sometimes it is necessary for us to share your data. For example, with external suppliers who work on our behalf, because we are legally obliged to do so or because you gave permission yourself. Thanks to cookies, we know who you are when you visit our website. That makes using our site very easy. You choose which information you share with us! contact us Do you still have questions about your privacy after reading this page and the privacy policy? Ask your question to the Telenet Privacy Team. Ask a question Do you have a complaint about the processing of your personal data by Telenet or do you want to start a mediation procedure? Surf to the website of the GBA . So, this was the summary of our privacy policy. Do you want to read everything in detail?Then download our full privacy policy. Download privacy policy Your browser is out of date Also find us on © Telenet 2023 - Telenet BV – Liersesteenweg 4, 2800 Mechelen – VAT BE 0473.416.418 - RPR Antwerp, Mechelen department We value your privacy Cookie preferences Manage cookie preferences Necessary cookies Necessary cookies These cookies ensure an optimal and safe operation and help us to continuously improve our website. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. They are necessary for interaction or to store preferences, such as your language preference. These cookies are set by default and cannot be adjusted, because without these cookies we cannot guarantee the proper functioning of our websites. Analytical cookies Analytical cookies These cookies allow us to collect information about your visit to our website. For example, we measure which pages you visit, the time you spend on our site, the number of clicks on a certain button, ... We use this data to collect insights in order to continuously optimize our website. Personalization cookies Personalization cookies These cookies help us to get to know you better so that we can better tailor the content of the website to your needs, interests and preferences. Advertising cookies Advertising cookies These cookies enable third parties to track your surfing behavior and collect data in order to show you relevant advertisements on other websites. You can read who these third parties are in our cookie policy. Social media cookies Social media cookies These cookies are offered by third parties to enable certain social media functions such as eg a twitter 'Tweet' button, LinkedIn 'Share' button or a YouTube video. Back Performance Cookies Vendor Search Clear Filters Information storage and access Consent Leg.Interest All Consent Allowed Select All Vendors Select All Vendors All Consent Allowed host description View Cookies REPLACE-WITH-DYANMIC-HOST-ID