UDC: 628.1.033:349 Nebojša VELJKOVIĆ1, Zorana PETROVIĆ2, Aleksandar ŠOTIĆ3, Miroslava HERO-GON2 DRINKING WATER AND HUMAN RIGHTS: DISINFORMATION AND CONSUMER CONFIDENCE WATER AND HUMAN RIGHT: DISINFORMATION AND CONSUMER CONFIDENCE SUMMARY The paper presents the basics and key elements of normative of the content of the human right to drinking water. A legal initiative of the European Commission was presented, the general goal of which is to improve existing standards in public water supply systems, as well as to restore consumer confidence and ensure the safe use of water from public water supply systems in the coming decades. The second part of the paper discusses the latest Serbian legal initiative (Draft Law on Water for Human Consumption), current issues of financial affordability of drinking water, the quality of drinking water in public water systems and Serbia's perspective for improving access to healthy drinking water and promoting it of use. Key words: right to water, misinformation, consumer trust ABSTRACT This paper presents basics and key elements of the normative content of the human right to water. A legal initiative of the European Commission, whose general goal is to improve the existing standards in public water supply systems, will rebuild consumers' confidence and ensure safe consumption in the coming decades. The second part of the paper deals with the latest Serbian legislative initiative (the draft Law on Water for Human Consumption), current issues of drinking water affordability, tap water quality and the prospects of Serbia to improve access to the hygienically safe drinking water and to promote its use. Key words: right to water, disinformation, consumer confidence 1. INTRODUCTION INTRODUCTION human rights adopted In the most general sense, human rights imply the universal natural rights of every individual as a human being. In international law, the concept of human rights arose as a response to the tragedies of the Second World War. Universal experience declaration on Resolution 217 (III) and proclaimed on December 10, 1948 at the session of the General Assembly of the United Nations. In the introduction, it was emphasized that disrespect and ignorance of human rights led to barbaric actions that offended the conscience of humanity and that the common standard that should be reached by all nations and all states is the creation of a world in which human beings will enjoy freedom of speech and a life without want - without distinction of any kind, such as race, colour, sex, language, religion, political or other opinion, national or social origin, property, birth or other status. The request for adoption of the resolution on the right to safe drinking water was submitted by the organization "Blue Planet Project" [1], its preamble, In the most general sense, human rights comprise universal natural rights of every individual as a human being. In the international law , the concept of human rights emerged as a response to the tragic consequences of the World Water II. Universal declaration on human rights was adopted by the General Assembly resolution 217 (III) and proclaimed it was on 10 December 1948. emphasized that disregard and contempt for human rights have resulted in barbarous acts which have outraged the conscience of mankind, and that a common standard of achievement for all peoples and all nations is the advent of a world in which all human beings shall enjoy freedom of speech and life without shortage- without any kind of difference, such as race, color, language, religion, political or other opinion, national or social origin, property, birth or other status. Request for adoption of resolution on right to safe drinking water and sanitation was submitted Agency for Protection environment/ MZŽS RS, Belgrade Waterworks and Sewerage, 3 Association for Water Technology and Sanitary Engineering - Belgrade, Water and Sanitary Engineering XLVIII (3-4) 37-48 (2018) WATER AND SANITARY TECHNOLOGY and the UN General Assembly adopted in 2010 resolution declaring the right to drinking water as one of the basic human rights. On that occasion, the representative of the promoter "Blue Planet Project" emphasized that, compared to previous times, the lack of access to safe drinking water in the 21st century is the biggest violation of human rights. In the spirit of the modern theory of the state, the human right to drinking water implies an obligation state to respect, protect and create conditions for the realization of that right. The latest legal proposal, the Draft Law on Water for Human Use (Ministry of Health of the RS, 2017), does not take into account the modern legal framework that classifies drinking water as a basic human right, according to to whom the state has an obligation to respect, protect and create conditions for the realization of that right and the extremely high level of malfunctioning of public drinking water systems in certain cities and regions in Serbia, apart from the most important health aspect, also raises the question of the effectiveness of the transfer of EU regulations to domestic ones regulations, as well as their consistent application.Zato informisanje građana o kvalitetu vode za piće mora biti tačno i pravovremeno i, osim unapređenja poverenja korisnika usluga, u direktnom je odnosu sa podizanjem kvaliteta života. Dezinformacije o kvalitetu vode za piće kojih je na društvenim mrežama kod nas sve više rezultiraju širenjem lažnih ili pogrešnih informacija, a to je najvažnija prepreka koja stoji između poverenja potrošača i informacija koje pružaju isporučioci vode za piće. Sva ova pitanja iz domena stručno-tehničkog upravljanja sistemima vodosnabdevanja i socio-psihološke sfere društva su predmet razmatranja u ovom radu. 2. NORMATIVNI SADRŽAJ LJUDSKOG PRAVA NA VODU ZA PIĆE Rezolucija Generalne skupštine UN poziva države i međunarodne organizacije da pruže finansijsku podršku izgradnji kapaciteta i prenosa tehnologija kroz međunarodnu saradnju i pomoć, posebno zemljama u razvoju, kako bi se povećali napori da se za sve ljude obezbedi zdravstveno ispravna, čista, dostupna i pristupačna voda za piće, kao i kanalizacija [2]. Ključni elementi normativnog sadržaja ljudskog prava na vodu obuhvataju (1) pravo na dovoljnu količinu vode za podmirenje osnovnih potreba (2) dostupnost i pristupačnost neophodne količine vode odgovarajućeg kvaliteta i (3) obaveze države i druga prava pojedinaca koja proizlaze iz ovog osnovnog ljudskog prava. Namena korišćenja vode odnosi se na količinu koja je neophodna da se obezbedi voda za piće, pripremu hrane, ličnu i higijenu domaćinstva, kao i da se spreči dehidracija organizma kao smrtna opasnost. (princip namene korišćenja vode), Dostupnost podrazumeva kontinuirano snabdevanje vodom za piće, koje obezbeđuje dovoljne količine prema kriterijumu namene korišćenja. Sa druge by the Blue Planet Project organization and General Assembly of UN in 2010 adopted the resolution by which right to drinking water was proclaimed as one of the basic human rights. On that occasion, the representative of „Blue Planet Project" underlined that in comparison with the past, lack of access to drinking water in 21st century is the biggest violation of the human rights. According to the contemporary theory of the state, human right to drinking water comprises obligations that every country is bound to respect, protect and provide conditions for application of this right. The newest proposal of the law, the law draft on water for human consumption (Ministry of Health of RS, 2017), does not take regard the contemporary legal framework under which access to drinking water is a fundamental human right, and according to which the state is bound to respect, protect and provide conditions for fulfillment of that right. High and extremely high degree of incorrectness (incompliance with the standards) of drinking water from the public water supply systems in some municipalities and regions in Serbia, besides the most important hygienic aspects, opens the question of effective transposing of EU legislation into national regulations, as well as its consistent application. Because of that, information to citizens on drinking water quality shall be accurate and timely and, besides enhancing the confidence of consumers, informing is directly related to raising the life quality. Disinformation on drinking water quality which the more are present on social networks in our country, the more result in spreading of false and inaccurate information, and that is the biggest obstacle between the consumer confidence and information provided by water supply utility companies. All these questions which do not belong only to the professional and technical management of the water supply systems, interfere also in socio- psychological sphere of society, and as such, are considered in this paper. 2. NORMATIVE CONTENT OF THE HUMAN RIGHTS TO DRINKING WATER The resolution of the UN General Assembly calls states and international organizations to financially support capacity building and transfer of technology through the international cooperation and assistance, particularly in development countries, in order to increase their efforts to provide sufficient, safe, acceptable, physically accessible and affordable drinking water, and adequate sanitation. [2]. Key elements of the normative content of the human rights to water comprise (1) right to quantity of water which is sufficient for the most basic needs (principle of use purpose), (2) physical accessibility and affordability of the necessary quantity of the water of acceptable quality and (3) obligation of the state and other individual rights which are derived from this fundamental human right. Purpose of the water br. 3-4 • maj-avgust 2018 • god. XLVIII strane, dostupnost ima i dimenziju sagledavanja diskriminacije, jer podrazumeva fizičku i finansijsku pristupačnost vode za piće.Physical accessibility refers to safe and acceptable access for all, which must be provided next to every residential building, school and workplace, or in their immediate vicinity, so that all population groups are provided with the necessary quantities of water within a reasonable time frame, including persons with special needs, children, elderly persons and women, in a way that does not endanger the physical safety of persons during access to drinking water. The financial accessibility of water refers to the costs of connection and consumption so that they do not represent an obstacle to access to drinking water. Financial accessibility does not presuppose free services, but the right and obligation that the consumer is not excluded from the public water supply system due to inability to pay - which applies only to special and socially justified cases, so it cannot be considered a rule. The obligations of the states arising from the human right to drinking water are basic obligations and refer to the realization of the right according to the criterion of quantity and quality, as defined by the purpose of water use. The basic obligation represents the beginning of the progressive realization of the human right to drinking water, from a minimum to a progressive supply, in accordance with the available water resources. In order to ensure the financial accessibility of water, states have the obligation to undertake social policy measures by applying the instruments of the tariff system in the price policy for drinking water, such as: free water, lower water prices, delayed payment terms and subsidies to socially vulnerable households. In the spirit of the modern theory of the state, the human right to drinking water implies the obligation of the state to respect, protect and create conditions for the realization of that right. 3. REVISION OF THE EUROPEAN DRINKING WATER DIRECTIVE Within the framework of the European citizens' initiative "Right2Water", 1.9 million (online) signatures were collected in support of improving access to safe drinking water for all Europeans [3]. This initiative invited the European Commission to enact legislation proposal to realize the human right to drinking water as recognized by the United Nations, with the aim of promoting water supply as a public service that is essential for all.They aimed to commit EU institutions and member states to ensure that all residents enjoy the right to drinking water. On February 1, 2018, the European Commission announced a legal proposal that seeks to empower consumers. According to this proposal, drinking water suppliers should provide clearer information about the quality and price per liter of water, how the price of water from public taps could be compared with the price of bottled water [4]. This should contribute to the fulfillment of environmental protection goals, which include reducing the use of plastic use is related to the quantity which is required for provision of water for drinking , preparation of food, personal and household hygiene, as well as to prevent the dehydration of an organism as a life-threatening danger. Accessibility includes continuous drinking water supply, which provides sufficient quantities in line with the purpose of use principle. On the other hand, accessibility has a dimension of taking into account discrimination too, because it includes both physical accessibility and affordability of drinking water. Physical accessibility is related to a safe and acceptable access to everyone, which must be provided within, or in the immediate vicinity of the household, educational institution and workplace, so that necessary water quantities are provided in a reasonable timeframe, including to the persons with special needs, children, elderly persons and women, in a way which does not endanger the physical safety of the persons during their access to drinking water. Drinking water affordability is related to the costs of connection and consumption, so that they do not impose an obstacle to drinking water access. Affordability does not include services free of charge, but a right and obligation that the consumer should not be disconnected from the public drinking water supply system, because he is not able to pay, which is related solely to the particular and socially acceptable cases, and therefore cannot be regarded as a rule. Obligations of the state under the human right to drinking water are fundamental obligations and are related to the fulfillment of this right in accordance with the quantity and quality criteria, as it is specified by the purpose of water use. Fundamental obligation includes a commencement of the progressive application of the human right to drinking water, from the minimum to the progressive supply, in accordance with the available water resources. In order to ensure affordability of water, states are obliged to undertake measures of social policy by applying instruments of tariff system in the drinking water tariff policy, such as water free of charge, lower tariff of water, postponed payment deadlines and subsidies to socially disadvantaged households.In the spirit of the contemporary theory of the state, the human right to drinking water includes that the state is bound to respect, protect and provide conditions for the fulfillment of that right. 3. REVISION OF THE EU DRINKING WATER DIRECTIVE In the framework of the European Citizens' Initiative "Right2Water", 1.9 million signatures were collected (online) in support of improving access to safe drinking water for all Europeans [3]. This initiative invited European Commission to propose law implementing the human right to water, as recognized by the United Nations, with the aim to promote water supply as a WATER AND SANITARY TECHNIQUE packaging of bottled water, as well as the final achievement of the goals of sustainable development. demand that they improve access for all people, especially vulnerable and marginalized groups, who currently have difficult access to drinking water. In practice, this means installing equipment that will provide access to drinking water in public spaces, as well as launching campaigns to inform citizens about the quality drinking water from public water supply systems.An important change is also the proposal of online access to information about the quality of drinking water and the deficit in supply, which will increase user confidence. The aim of the revision of the Directive is to reduce the consumption of bottled water, which can contribute to EU households saving more than 600 million euros per year. It is based on the assumption that thanks to greater trust in water from public waterworks, citizens will be able to reduce plastic waste from bottled water packaging. By updating the Drinking Water Directive, the European Commission is taking an important legislative step towards the implementation of the "European Strategy for Plastics" from January 16, 2018. All of these are prerequisites for reaching the 2030 Sustainable Development Goals (6th Goal) and the goals of the Paris Agreement on climate changes. 4. DOMESTIC LEGISLATION - WATER FOR HUMAN USE The European citizens' initiative "Right2Water" in its call to the European Commission to submit a legal proposal that will realize the human right to drinking water, states as its main goal that water supply and management of water resources should not be subject to rules of the EU market and that the liberalization of water services should be prevented. How does the Serbian legislation take into account the changing understanding of water supply as a public service necessary for everyone? The mainstay is Article 74 (1) of the Constitution of the Republic of Serbia, which implicitly recognizes the right to drinking water and sanitation: "Everyone has the right to a healthy environment and timely and complete information about its condition". In addition to legal and strategic solutions, the answer to this question can be given by the findings of research on financial accessibility from the project, which was implemented according to the methodology of the World Health Organization within activities of the "Joint Body of the Republic of Serbia" on the implementation of the International Convention "Protocol on Water and Health" [5]. Quantitative information contained in the "Data Collection Guide - Section 4: Managing Water and Sanitation to Remain Financially Affordable for All" provides information on the level of realization of the human right to water in Serbia [6]. By applying this methodology in the given score card, quantitative information on financial accessibility is collected and evaluated within three areas: (1) public policy aimed at ensuring financial accessibility of water and sewage; (2) tariff measures and (3) public service measures which is necessary to everyone. Their aim was that institutions and EU member states bind themselves to ensure that all inhabitants enjoy the right to drinking water. The European Commission presented a legislative proposal to empower customers. Water suppliers, according to this proposal, should provide clearer information on quality and price per liter of water, so that the price of water from the public water supply could be compared to the bottled water price [4]. This should contribute to achieving the goals of environmental protection, which includes the reduction of the use of plastic bottles for water, as well as the ultimate fulfillment of sustainable development goals. New rules will require that member states should improve access to all citizens, particularly to vulnerable and marginalized groups, which currently have difficult access to drinking water. In practice, that applies to the installation of equipment for enabling access to drinking water in public spaces and undertaking campaigns for informing citizens on the quality of drinking water from public waterworks. An important change is also a proposal for online access to information on the quality of drinking water and deficiencies in water supply, which will increase consumers' confidence. The aim of the revision of the Drinking water directive is to reduce the consumption of bottled water, which can help EU households to save more than 600 million Euros annually.According to the assumption of greater confidence in water from the public waterworks, citizens will be able to reduce plastic waste from bottled water. By updating the Drinking water directive, European Commission also is undertaking an important step toward implementation of "European strategy for plastics" from 16th January 2018. All these represent preconditions for achieving the goals of sustainable development for 2030 (6th goal) and goals of Paris Agreement on climate changes. 4. NATIONAL LEGISLATION - WATER FOR HUMAN CONSUMPTION European Citizens' Initiative „Right2Water" in its call to European Commission to propose law implementing the human right to drinking water, as a main aim specifies that water supply and water resources management should not be subject to EU market rules and that liberalization of water services should be prevented. How does the Serbia's legislation take into account a change in the perception of water supply as a public service necessary for all? A support can be found in the Article 74 (1) of Constitution of Republic of Serbia, in which right to water and sanitation is implicitly recognized: "Everybody has a right to healthy environment and timely and comprehensive informing on its state." Besides legislative and strategic solutions, the answer to this question could be given based on findings of the research of affordability from the project implemented in line with methodology of the br. 3-4 • maj-avgust 2018 • god. XLVIII socijalne zaštite. Mere socijalne zaštite obuhvataju tri grupe pitanja: (a) državni organi su analizirali uticaj različitih alternativa u kontekstu rešavanja problema finansijske pristupačnosti kroz mere socijalne zaštite; (b) mere socijalne zaštite su uključene u strategiju za rešavanje problema finansijske pristupačnosti; (c) mere socijalne zaštite za rešavanje problema finansijske pristupačnosti su sprovedene. Za sve oblasti i grupe pitanja obrazloženja rezultata data su kroz primere (korišćena sredstva za verifikaciju i zvanični dokumenti) i pouzdanost odgovora (visoka, srednja, niska). Ukupan skor u bodovnoj kartici se dobija sabiranjem bodova (da=3, u velikoj meri=2, u ograničenom obimu=1, ne=0). Ukupan skor u ovom istraživanju, od maksimalna tri boda, je skromnih 0,9 bodova. Nedovoljna obuhvaćenost finansijske pristupačnosti kako javnom politikom, tako i tarifnim merama i merama socijalne zaštite dovoljno govori o nivou nacionalne politike u oblasti upravljanja snabdevanjem vodom i kanalisanjem. U nacrtu podzakonskog akta kojim ova oblast treba da se uredi, predlaže se da mesečni troškovi za usluge snabdevanja vodom i kanalizacije sa prečišćavanjem ne treba da prelaze četiri odsto raspoloživog prihoda domaćinstva [7]. U Srbiji nije usvojena jedinstvena metodologija za obračun cene snabdevanja vodom za piće sistemom javnog vodovoda i cene sakupljanja, odvođenja i prečišćavanja otpadnih voda sistemom javne kanalizacije. Strategija upravljanja vodama na teritoriji Republike Srbije, kao osnovni dokument za sprovođenje reformi sektora voda za dostizanje potrebnih standarda upravljanja vodama, uključujući i organizaciono prilagođavanje i sistemsko jačanje stručnih i institucionalnih kapaciteta na nacionalnom, regionalnom i lokalnom nivou, ne uzima u obzir politiku upravljanja vodovodnim i kanalizacionim sistemima kroz finansijski povoljan pristup [8]. Strategija za planirani period (do 2034) predlaže srednju projektovanu ekonomsku cenu vode od oko 1,35 evra /m3 (bez poreza na dodatu vrednost), s tim da mesečni račun ne prelazi četiri odsto prosečnog raspoloživog prihoda domaćinstva. Osim „Strategije za smanjenje siromaštva u Srbiji" (2012) i Zakona o socijalnoj zaštiti (poglavlje „Opšti uslovi za ostvarivanje prava na socijalnu pomoć") u ovoj oblasti ne postoje druga zakonska rešenja. Na lokalnom nivou u JKP za snabdevanje vodom i kanalisanje, koje su osnovale jedinice lokalne samouprave, osim sporadične i selektivne primene instrumenta socijalne zaštite, u najširem smislu ne postoji „politika koja se bavi finansijskom i kanalizacije". Ni najnoviji pristupačnošću vode zakonski predlozi se ne razlikuju. Jedan od osnovnih nedostataka Nacrta zakona o vodi za ljudsku upotrebu (Ministarstvo zdravlja RS, 2017) je da ne uzima u obzir savremeni pravni okvir koji vodu za piće svrstava u osnovna ljudska prava, prema kome država ima obavezu da poštuje, štiti i stvara uslove za ostvarenje tog prava [9]. that they World Health Organization in the frame of activities of the Joint Body of Serbia on implementation of international convention "Protocol on Water and Health"[5]. Quantitative information given in Guideline for data collection - Part 4: Water and wastewater remain affordable management, so to everyone present information on degree of application of this right in Serbia [6].By applying this methodology in points card quantitative information on affordability are collected and pondered three areas: (1) public policy with the aim to ensure affordability of water and wastewater services; (2) tariff measures and (3) social policy measures. Social policy measures comprise three question groups: (a) state authorities analyses the impact of different alternatives in the context of solving affordability issue through measures of social policy; (b) social policy measures are included in strategy for solving problem of affordability; (c) social policy measures for solving affordability issue were implemented. For all areas and question groups explanation of the results were given through examples (applied tools for verification and official documents) and reliability of the answers (high, medium, low). Total score in point card is got by adding points (yes=3, very much=2, in limited volume=1, no=0). Total score in this research, out of maximum three points is modest 0,9 points. Insufficient inclusion of affordability both in public policy and tariff measures and social policy measures speaks about the level of national policy in the field of water supply and wastewater management. In legislative draft by which this area should be regulated, it is proposed that the monthly costs for water and wastewater services with treatment should not exceed four percent of the available household income. [7]. disposal of In Serbia, there universal methodology for calculating the tariff of drinking water supply from the public waterworks and tariff of collection, treatment and disposal has not been adopted yet. Water management strategy for the territory of the Republic of Serbia, as a fundamental document for implementation of reforms of the water sector for achieving the necessary standards of water including organizational adaption management, and systematic development of professional and institutional capacities at the national, regional and local levels, does not take into account policy of water supply and sewage system management through a financially favorable approach [8]. Strategy for the planning period (until 2034) suggests medium designed economic tariff of around 1,35 Euro /m3 (without VAT), provided that monthly invoice does not exceed four percent of the average available household income. for reduction of poverty Besides „Strategy Serbia"(2012) and Law on Social Protection (Chapter „General conditions for fulfillment of the right to social assistance") in this area other legislative solutions do not exist. At the local level, PUCs for drinking water supply and wastewater services with treatment, founded by local government units, besides occasional VODA I SANITARNA TEHNIKA 5. KVALITET VODE ZA PIĆE - DEZINFORMACIJE I POVERENJE POTROŠAČA Prema standardima Svetske zdravstvene organizacije (WHO) bezbednom vodom za piće smatra se voda koja ne predstavlja opasnost po zdravlje pri konzumiranju tokom života, jer ne sadrži mikrobiološke patogene organizme, hemijske, i radiološke agense. Praćenje zdravstvene ispravnosti vode za piće u javnim vodovodnim sistemima u Srbiji obavlja se u okviru Programa od opšteg interesa Ministarstva zdravlja, Podprograma VII "Praćenje faktora rizika u životnoj sredini koji ugrožavaju zdravlje». Redovno praćenje vrše instituti/zavodi za javno zdravlje pod okriljem Ministarstva zdravlja od 1978. godine. Kvalitet vode za piće razlikuje se i od okruga do okruga i zavisi od samog porekla vode, sastava zemljišta i usklađenosti tehničko-tehnološkog tretmana prerade vode sa kvalitetom sirove vode (Slika 1 i 2), [10]. Fizičko-hemijska i mikrobiološka neispravnost vode za piće iz javnih vodovoda gradskih naselja kako je predstavljeno na „kartama rizika" su kvalitativni indikatori uticaja na zdravlje iz izvora životne sredine i pokazatelji su rizika od izloženosti fizičko-hemijskim i mikrobiološkim agensima, tako da nikada ne premaše maksimalno dozvoljene koncentracije. indikatora obezbeđuju Ova dva informacije o rizicima od negativnih uticaja vode za piće u skladu sa sanitarno-higijenskim uslovima i standardima. Posebno je nedopustivo visok procenat neispravne vode za piće koja se distribuira stanovništvu u Vojvodini (77-100% za fizičko-hemijske parametre i 8-33% za mikrobiološke parametre). Prema riziku od izloženosti, više od 730000 ljudi je u Vojvodini obuhvaćeno javnim vodovodnim sistemima u kojima su u vodi za piće prekoračeni fizičko hemijski agensi, sa dominantno alarmantim rizikom (Slika 3). Visok i ekstremno visok stepen neispravnosti vode za piće iz javnih vodovodnih sistema u pojedinim gradovima i regionima u Srbiji, osim najvažnijeg zdravstvenog aspekta, otvara i pitanje delotvornosti prenošenja EU regulative u domaće propise i dosledne njegove primene. Revizijom Direktive o vodi za piće EU od država članica će se zahtevati pokretanje kampanja za informisanje građana o kvalitetu vode za piće iz javnih vodovoda.Informisanje je jedan od osnovnih principa demokratskog društva i preduslov za njegov razvoj. Informisanje građana o kvalitetu vode za piće mora biti tačno i pravovremeno i osim unapređenja poverenja korisnika usluga u direktnom je odnosu sa podizanjem kvaliteta života. Reč poverenje dolazi od glagola verovati. Verovanje nije znanje o stvarima ili ljudima, već je samo naša pretpostavka ili uverenje o njima. Kada je neko (ili nešto) opravdao naše ranije ukazano poverenje, tada je dostojan poverenja ili verodostojan [12]. Razvojem savremenih komunikacionih tehnologija dominantni kanali za and selective implementation of social protection instruments, in the broadest sense, "policy dealing with water and wastewater services affordability" does not exist. Nor are new legislative proposals different. One of basic drawbacks of the draft law on water for human consumption (Ministry of Health Republic of Serbia, 2017) is that it does not regard contemporary legal framework which classifies drinking water among the fundamental human rights, and according to which the state is bound to respect, protect and create conditions for fulfillment of that right [9]. 5. DRINKING WATER QUALITY - DISINFORMATION AND CONSUMER CONFIDENCE According to World Health Organization (WHO) standards, safe drinking water is considered to be water that does not pose any health hazard for consumption over a lifetime because it does not contain microbiological pathogens, chemicals, and radiological agents. Monitoring of health safety of drinking water in public water supply systems in Serbia is carried out within the Program of general interest of Ministry of Health, under Subprogram VII "Monitoring the risk factors in the environment that endanger health". Regular monitoring is carried out by Institutes for public health under the auspices of the Ministry of Health since 1978. Drinking water quality varies from district to district and depends on the very origin of water, the composition of the soil and the compliance of the technical and technological treatment of water treatment with raw water quality (Figures 1 and 2), [10]. Physico-chemical and microbiological drinking water failures from public water supply systems in urban settlements, as presented on "risk maps", are qualitative indicators of environmental impacts and they are indicators of risk of exposure to physical-chemical and microbiological agents, so that they never exceed the maximum permissible concentration. These two indicators provide information on the risk of adverse effects of drinking water in accordance with sanitary and hygienic conditions and standards. A particularly high level of inadequate drinking water is distributed to consumers in Vojvodina (77- 100% for physico-chemical parameters and 8-33% for microbiological parameters). According to risk of exposure, more than 730.000 people in Vojvodina are covered by public water systems in which drinking water physical and chemical agents are exceeded, with dominant alarming risk (Figure 3). High and extremely high drinking water failure rate from public water supply systems in certain municipalities and regions in Serbia, apart from the most important health aspect, also opens the question of the effectiveness of transposing EU regulations into domestic regulations, as well as their consistent application. By revision of EU Drinking Drink Directive, Member States will be required to br. 3-4 • maj-avgust 2018 • god. XLVIII Slika 1. Karta rizika - Fizičko-hemijska neispravnost vode za piće iz javnih vodovoda gradskih naselja (%), Republika Srbija, 2016. Figure 1 Risk map - Physico-chemical failures of drinking water from public water supply in urban settlements (%), Republic of Serbia, 2016. VODA I SANITARNA TEHNIKA Slika 2. Karta rizika - Mikrobiološka neispravnost vode za piće iz javnih vodovoda gradskih naselja (%), Republika Srbija, 2016. Figure 2 Risk map - Microbiological failures of drinking water from public water supply in urban settlements (%), Republic of Serbia, 2016. br. 3-4 • maj-avgust 2018 • god. XLVIII launch a campaign to inform citizens about the drinking water quality from public water supply. Informing is one of the basic principles of a democratic society and a prerequisite for its development. Informing citizens about drinking water quality must be accurate and timely and, in addition to improving the confidence of users of services, directly raising related life. Word the quality of confidence comes from the verb to believe (in Serbian). Belief is not knowledge of things or people, but only our assumption or faith in them. When someone (or something) justified previously our stated trust, then it is worthy of confidence or credibility [12]. By developing modern communication technologies, dominant channels for disinformation are internet platforms, among them the most popular ones: Twitter, Facebook and Instagram.This was preceded by general distrust in any source of information, with the Internet becoming the only fertile field for digital disinformation. According to World Economic Forum (2016), digital disinformation and cyber warfare are among ten global risks. Thus modern social science acquires a special field with the subject of studies and research projects that address social issues which contribute to the spreading of digital disinformation in mass communication media, [13, 14]. Disinformation about the drinking water quality, which is increasing in our social networks, as the deliberate activities of individuals and groups that - either consciously or unconsciously - result in the spreading of false or misleading information, is the most important obstacle which stands between consumers' confidence and information provided by drinking water suppliers. It is therefore justifiable to pose the question. Why did social networks heat up this June and people start to believe in the news about methane in drinking water in Belgrade water supply system, even with those from whom expert opinion is expected? That this topic is a question that social science should deal with, also is confirmed by the article in a Belgrade weekly that states that "non-education and superficial dealing with information certainly help spread false stories, but primary role is for emotions". It seems the information is deliberately intended to cause fear, and "while cooling the head down and recalling the chemistry from the elementary school, it is already too late - the information has become viral, as the fear that it causes" [15]. Accessibility to digital media, primarily to mobile phones, contributes to the launching and disseminating disinformation. The precondition of Slika 3. Rizik od izloženosti fizičko hemijskim agensima u vodi za piće na teritoriji AP Vojvodima - javni vodovodni sistemi [10] Figure 3 Risk of exposure to physical and chemical agents in drinking water on the territory of AP Vojvodina - public water supply systems [10] plasiranje dezinformacija su internet platforme, među njima najpopularnije: Twitter, Facebook i Instagram. Ovome je prethodilo generalno nepoverenje u bilo koji izvor informacija, pri čemu internet postaje samo plodno polje za digitalne dezinformacije. Prema Svetskom ekonomskom (World Economic Forum, 2016) digitalne dezinformacije i "sajber rat" spadaju u deset globalnih rizika. Tako moderna društvena nauka dobija posebnu oblast sa predmetom studija i istraživačkih projektata koji obrađuju pitanja socijalnih okolnosti koje doprinose širenju digitalnih dezinformacija u sredstvima masovnih komunikacija, [13] i [14]. forumu Dezinformacije o kvalitetu vode za piće kojih je na društvenim mrežama kod nas sve više, kao namerne aktivnosti pojedinaca i grupa koje - ili svesno ili nesvesno - rezultiraju širenjem lažnih ili pogrešnih informacija, najvažnija je prepreka koja stoji između poverenja potrošača informacija koje pružaju isporučioci vode za piće. Zato je opravdano postaviti pitanje. Zašto su se društvene mreže „usijale" ovog juna i na vest o metanu u vodi za piće u beogradskom vodovodnom sistemu poverovali i oni od kojih se očekuje stručno mišljenje? Da je ova tema pitanje kojim treba da se pozabavi društvena nauka govori i članak u jednom beogradskom nedeljniku u kome sagovornik i površno iznosi da „neobrazovanje bavljenje informacijama svakako pomažu u širenju lažnih vesti, ali u tome primarnu ulogu imaju emocije". Kao da je informacija smišljena namerno da izazove strah, jer „dok se glava ohladi i priseti gradiva hemije iz osnovne škole, već je kasno - informacija je postala viralna, kao i strah koji ona izaziva" [15]. Dostupnost digitalnim medijima, mobilnoj telefoniji pre svega, posebno doprinosi iniciranju i širenju dezinformacija. Preduslov svega je socijalno-psihološka sfera, jer „ljudi lakše primaju informacije koje su u skladu sa njihovim VODA I SANITARNA TEHNIKA sistemom vrednosti i uverenja, i činjenice koje su im protivurečne neće lako biti usvojene, jer ljudi teže da izbegnu kognitivni nesklad. Zato često lažne vesti i postistine sadrže informacije koje pothranjuju već postojeće stereotipe u nekoj društvenoj grupi" [16]. U osnovi stereotipa o kvalitetu vode za piće koju konzumiraju potrošači se nalazi pogrešna i stručno neopravdana pretpostavka zasnovana na netačnim i nepotpunim informacijama. Koliko je stereotip o kvalitetu vode za piće iz nekog vodovodnog sistema teško promenljiva informacija najbolje govori mišljenje o „ne/zadovoljstvu kvalitetom" potrošača Beogradskog vodovodnog sistema i potrošača u Vojvodini na osnovu rezultata istraživanja [17]. U okviru izrade projekta "Izgradnja kapaciteta lokalne sredine za identifikovanje problema" sprovedena je anketa u 16 gradova, odnosno opština u Srbiji: Beograd, Voždovac, Novi Beograd, Palilula, Pančevo, Sombor, Zrenjanin, Smederevo, Zaječar, Jagodina, Niš, Pirot, Vranje, Čačak, Kraljevo i Loznica.In order to obtain relevant data on water-related problems, a questionnaire was created with a large number of questions related to water use (water supply and irrigation), water protection (wastewater) and water protection (drainage and flood protection). The questionnaire was dominated by questions related to water supply and wastewater discharge, and answers to the questions were requested from experts from public utility companies for water supply and sewerage, expert services of city institutes for health protection, officials in municipalities dealing with communal and water management problems, and from experts of the Public of the water company "Srbijavode". The analysis of questions about the lack of/satisfaction with the quality of drinking water from the public water system deserves special attention, in relation to the dominant prejudice/stereotype that prevails among consumers. If we start from the definition of a stereotype that it is a standardized mental image accepted by members of a certain group and that it reflects an uncritical assessment, then "our" survey on dissatisfaction/satisfaction with the quality of drinking water confirms the popular opinion that stereotypes are inaccurate and lead to negative generalization. which are supplied from the public water system in the city of Belgrade and the province of Vojvodina is approximately the same, while the quality of drinking water is convincingly on the side of the Belgrade water system (risk level: physical, chemical - acceptable; microbiological - low), and trust on the part of Vojvodina consumers, although more than 730,000 people are exposed to a dominantly alarming risk (Figure 1, 2, 3 and 4). Some psychologists propose the definition of stereotypes as specific characteristics that we attribute to people based on their belonging to a certain group. In our case, the spread and acceptance of misinformation about the presence of methane in the Belgrade water system should be connected with the high level of stereotypes and mistrust of consumers that they have had for a long period of time. The very poor quality of drinking water at the level of an alarming risk to health in public water systems in the territory of Vojvodina and at the same time the lack of reaction of the scale and on the other side of the actual consumer, is socio-psychological sphere, because everything "for people it is easier to receive information that is in accordance with their system of values ​​and beliefs, and facts that are contradictory to them will not easily be adopted because people tend to avoid cognitive disorder. That is why fake news and half-truths often contain information that feeds on existing stereotypes in a society group "[16]. At the heart of the stereotype of drinking water quality delivered to consumers is the erroneous and professionally unjustified assumption based on inaccurate and incomplete information. How much the stereotype about drinking water quality from a water supply system is hard to change, the best speaks opinion about "not/satisfaction with quality" of Belgrade water supply system consumers and Vojvodina consumers based on the results of the survey [17]. This survey was carried out in 16 towns and municipalities in Serbia: Belgrade, Vozdovac, Novi Beograd, Palilula, Pancevo, Sombor, Zrenjanin, Smederevo, Zajecar, Jagodina, Vranje, Cacak, Kraljevo and Loznica, in the framework of the project "Capacity building of the local community for issues identification". In order to obtain relevant data on water related issues, a questionnaire was produced with a number of issues related to water use (water supply and irrigation), water protection (wastewater) and protection from the water (drainage and flood protection). The questionnaire was dominated by questions related to water supply and waste water discharging, and answers to questions were requested from experts from public utility companies for water supply and sewerage, professional services of city health institutes, municipal officials in utilities and water management issues, as well as from the experts of the Public Water Management Company "Srbijavode". The analysis of the issue of non-satisfaction with the quality of drinking water from the public water supply systems deserves special attention, in relation to the dominant prejudice / stereotype prevailing among consumers. If we proceed from the definition of stereotype that this is a standardized mental picture that is accepted by members of a particular group and reflects a non-critical assessment, then "our" poll on drinking / dis-satisfaction with drinking water quality will confirm the popular opinion that stereotypes are inaccurate and lead to a negative generalization.The number of inhabitants that are supplied from the public water supply system in the city of Belgrade and Vojvodina is nearly the same, while the drinking water quality is convincing on the side of Belgrade water supply system (risk level: physically-chemically acceptable; microbiological - small), while confidence prevails on the part of Vojvodina consumers, although more than 730,000 people are exposed to the dominant risk factor (Figure 1, 2, 3, and 4). Some psychologists suggest that stereotypes are defined as specific attributes that we attach to people based on their belonging to a particular group. In our case, the dissemination br. 3-4 • maj-avgust 2018 • god. XLVIII acceptance and disinformation about the presence of methane the Belgrade water sup- ply sho uld be connected with a high level of stereotypes and distrust of consumers that they have had for a long time. system Very poor drinking water level of quality at the alarming health risk public water supply systems on the territory of Vojvodina and at the same time the reaction of absence of consumers, and on the the current other hand situation of disinformation the drinking water quality from Belgrade water supply system, as reflecting the spirit of the time and product society and its political and cultural matrix. Slika 4. Ne/zadovoljstvo kvalitetom vode za piće u različitim regionima Srbije [17] Figure 4 Dis/satisfaction with the drinking water quality in different regions of Serbia [17] dezinformacija o kvalitetu vode za piće iz Beogradskog vodovodnog sistema, kao da odražavaju duh vremena i proizvod su društva i njegove političke i kulturne matrice. 6. CONCLUDING CONSIDERATIONS 6. ZAKLJUČNA RAZMATRANJA Evropska komisija je objavila zakonski predlog kojim će se ljudsko pravo na vodu za piće ostvariti na način na koji ga prepoznaju Ujedinjene nacije, u cilju promovisanja snabdevanja vodom kao javne usluge neophodne za sve. Ni srpsko zakonodavstvo, ni strateška dokumenta u oblasti voda, ne uvažavaju savremeni pravni okvir koji vodu za piće svrstava među osnovna ljudska prava. Naprotiv, doslednim pozivanjem na načela "korisnik plaća" (Zakon o vodama) i "zagađivač plaća" (Zakon o zaštiti životne sredine) opravdavaju se zahtevi za povećanjem cena snabdevanja vodom i kanalisanja u cilju pokrivanja ukupnih rashoda JKP i stvaranja uslova za njihovo pozitivno poslovanje. Pri tom, zahteva se da se cene za različite korisnike usluga snabdevanja vodom i kanalisanja ne razlikuju. Cena vode se razmatra samo kao ekonomska, ali ne i socijalna kategorija, ne uzimajući u obzir potražnju različitih kategorija korisnika. Bezmalo dva miliona potpisa podrške poboljšanju pristupa vodi za piće za sve Evropljane, u sadašnjim socio- ekonomskim uslovima u Srbiji imaju drugačiju dimenziju. Istraživanja pokazuju da je linija siromaštva u 2016. godini iznosila 11.694 dinara mesečno po potrošačkoj jedinici, a potrošnju nižu od tog iznosa imalo je 7,3 posto stanovnika Srbije [18]. Siromaštvo ne beleži trend značajnog smanjivanja i pola miliona stanovnika nije u stanju da zadovolji osnovne egzistencijalne potrebe. Vodoprivredni sistem je društveni sistem u kome su European Commission has published a legislative proposal proposing that human right to drinking water should be achieved in the way recognized by United Nations, in order to promote water supply as a public service that is necessary for all. Neither Serbian legislation, nor strategic water documents, regard contemporary legal framework that places drinking water among fundamental human rights. On the contrary, the consistent reference to principles "user pays" (Water Law) and "polluter pays" (Law on Environmental Protection), is justified by the demands for increasing the prices of water supply and wastewater services in order to cover the total expenditures of the PUC and create the conditions for their positive business management. In addition, it is required that prices for different users of water and wastewater services do not differ. The price of water is considered only as an economic, but not a social category, without taking into account the demand of different categories of users. Almost a two million signatures of support to improving access to drinking water for all Europeans have a different dimension in the current socio- economic conditions in Serbia. Research shows that poverty line in 2016 amounted to 11,694 RSD per month per consumer unit, and consumption was lower than that of 7.3 per cent of Serbia's population [18]. Poverty does not record a significant reduction trend, and half a million people are unable to meet basic existential needs. Water management system is a social system in which integrated, technical-technological subsystems are VODA I SANITARNA TEHNIKA integrisani tehničko-tehnološki podsisemi, među kojima su i javni vodovodni sistemi iz kojih se vodom za piće snabdeva 6,2 miliona stanovnika Srbije.The experience we gain after the disinformation campaign about the quality of drinking water (June 2018, Belgrade) confirms the importance of a large amount of information based on scientific principles, good engineering practices and legal regulations that must be taken into account in order to ensure healthy drinking water. Among other basic principles of risk assessment and management that should always be kept in mind is that those responsible in water supply systems must have a personal sense of responsibility and are committed to providing hygienically correct drinking water and must never ignore consumer complaints about water quality. Consumers are the ultimate evaluators of drinking water quality. Consumers are not able to detect the concentrations of certain pollutants, but their ability to recognize changes should not be neglected. That's why all consumer complaints should be taken seriously because they are usually a signpost for undetected problems that could threaten the quality of drinking water. The problems and challenges presented and analyzed in this paper can be systematized in the previously asked question and the given answer regarding the management of water resources: "What are the dominant influences on the change in the management of the social system and value system?" The challenge in the management of water resources is to manage the system, through individuals, organizations and society within the environment, so that the best possible result is reached" [19]. The prerequisite for the best possible result is to deal with the concept of society and its organization and the connections that individuals have with each other, and there are also behavioral norms and social mechanisms used to regulate behavior. LITERATURE among which are public water supply systems from which 6.2 million inhabitants of Serbia are supplied with drinking water. The experience gained after the disinformation campaign on the quality of drinking water (June 2018, Belgrade) confirms the importance of a large number of information based on scientific principles, good engineering practices and legal regulations that must be taken into account in order to ensure healthy drinking water. Among other basic principles of risk assessment and management that should always be kept in mind is that persons in charge of water supply systems must have a personal sense of responsibility and commitment to providing hygienically correct drinking water, as well as to never ignore consumer complaints on water quality. Consumers are the final assessors of drinking water quality. Consumers are not able to detect concentrations of certain pollutants, but their ability to recognize changes must not be ignored. Therefore, all consumer complaints should be taken seriously, as this is the most common way of indicating undetected problems that could jeopardize the drinking water quality. The problems and challenges presented and analyzed in this paper can be systematized in previously asked question and given answer in relation to water resources management: "What are the dominant influences on changing the management of the social system and the value system? The challenge in managing water resources is to manage the system, through individuals, organizations and society within the environment, so that the best possible result is achieved "[19]. The prerequisite for the best possible result is to deal with the concept of society and its organization and the relationships that individuals have with each other, and there are also norms of behavior and social mechanisms which are used to regulate behavior. Blue Planet Project, http://www.blueplanetproject.net/index.php/home/water-movements/the-right-to-water-is-the-right-to-life/ The human right to water and sanitation, Resolution adopted by the General Assembly on July 28, 2010 (Sixty-fourth session). 3. Water and sanitation are a human right! http://www.right2water.eu/ 4. Proposal for a Directive of the European Parliament and of the Council on the Quality of Water Intended for Human Consumption (recast), European Commission, Brussels, 1.2.2018. 5. NO ONE LEFT BEHIND - Good Practices to Ensure Equitable Access to Water and Sanitation in the Pan-European Region, WHO Regional Office for Europe, 2012. Self-Assessment Score-card, Equitable Access to Water and Sanitation, Serbia Country Report, Protocol on Water and Health, Regional Economic Development Agency for Sumadija and Pomoravlje, 2018. 7. Draft Regulation on determining the methodology for calculating the price of drinking water supply by the public water supply system and the price of collection, removal and purification of waste water by the system public sewers (RDV, Institute for Water Management "Jaroslav Černi"). Water management strategy on the territory of the Republic of Serbia until 2034, Government of the Republic of Serbia, 2016, p. 237. 9. Draft Law on Water for Human Use (Ministry of Health RS, 2018). 10. Assessment of vulnerability to natural disasters and other accidents - Lack of drinking water, Environmental Protection Agency, 2017.http://www.sepa.gov.rs/download/posebni/NedostatakVodeZaPice.pdf 11. Rulebook on the national list of environmental protection indicators (Official Gazette of RS No. 37/2011). 12. Dr. Zoran Milivojević (Writer, Activist, Psychotherapist), http://milivojevic.info/poverenje/. 13. Digital Disinformation - An example: Tim Hwang, The Atlantic Council of the United States & The Konrad-Adenauer-Stiftung Germany, 2017. 14. Digital Disinformation - Exploring digital disinformation and its effects in the 21st century, University of Copenhagen , https://disinfo.ku.dk/. 15. A friend called me now, fake news spread across Serbia, Nedeljnik - 21 June 2018 (Ina Borenović, psychologist, editor of the website Psihoverzum: https://www.psihoverzum.com/ . 16. A friend called me now , fake news spread across Serbia, Nedeljnik - 21 June 2018 (Dr Stanislava Popov, psychologist). 17. Study of the current state of water use, water protection and water protection in Serbia, Project: "Building the capacity of the local environment to identify problems ", CeSID & The Olof Palme International Center, Belgrade, 2006. 18. Poverty in the Republic of Serbia 2006 - 2016, Revised and new data, August 2017. 19. Waters of Serbia - in the time of adaptation to climate change (Introduction, prof. Slobodan P. Simonović), http://www.sepa.gov.rs/ download/Vode_Srbije.pdf, Environmental Protection Agency, 2015.