Welcome! GDPR GDPR - for your security and privacy Your company's security and privacy is important to us at Telenor Företag. Most of the services we deliver are provided by us as an operator, and we have long been subject to the Electronic Communications Act (LEK). This means that Telenor is responsible for personal data and must handle personal and traffic data in a safe and secure manner in order to comply with the law. Now all countries in the EU are getting a new data protection regulation - GDPR, which places additional requirements on how personal data is handled. GDPR stands for General Data Protection Regulation and replaces the Personal Data Act (PUL). It enters into force throughout the EU on 25 May 2018. Here you can read more about your rights and how we process your data. You will also find more information at the Data Inspectorate and PTS regarding the Electronic Communications Act. See information in English. Our website contains various cookies. They are used to improve the customer experience, for statistics/analysis and marketing. Read our cookie policy A lot of the work with complying with the new regulation takes place at us, behind the scenes. You or your company will therefore not notice any real difference. But in order to process your and your colleagues' traffic data for certain purposes, we need your consent. For us at Telenor, it is important to adapt our operations and our offers based on you and your company's needs. With your consent, the new regulation is an opportunity to improve our cooperation with you and your company. You leave your consent at Mitt Företag. The GDPR also regulates how we save information about you, your employees and your company and how we guarantee that no one else can access it. For us it goes without saying, but it is important to tell you, that we will never sell information about you or your company to third parties. Information in English The safety and integrity of your company is important to us at Telenor Företag. Most of our services are provided by us as an operator and are since long regulated by the Electronic Communications Act (LEK). This means that Telenor is a data controller, and we must handle personal data and traffic data in a safe and secure way to comply with the law. For services that are not regulated by LEK, Telenor is a data processor. Our general terms and conditions are extended with a data processing agreement to regulate the processing of data related to such services. GDPR is a new regulation on data protection and privacy for all individuals within the EU, which places further requirements on the processing and handling of personal data. GDPR stands for General Data Protection Regulation and replaces the Personal Data Act (PUL). The regulation will become directly applicable within the EU on May 25 2018. It is important for us to adapt our business and offerings based on your and your company's needs. This is enabled through information about how you and your colleagues use our products and services. GDPR provides an opportunity to improve our cooperation with you and your company and we need your consent to handle traffic data for certain purposes. GDPR also regulates how we collect and save information about you, your employees and your company. For us it is obvious, but it is nevertheless important to tell you, that we will never sell information about you or your company to third parties. Here you can find information about your rights and how we handle your data. You can also find more information at Datainspektionen and PTS about the Electronic Communications Act. Questions and answers We will continue to deliver services to you and your company just as today. The GDPR affects the purpose for which we may handle your personal and traffic data in addition to the purpose of delivering the service. GDPR means that all companies must secure personal data that the company handles. For most services that we deliver as an operator, Telenor is the personal data controller. With access to data from you and your company when we develop subscriptions, services, service and offers, we can present improvements that make a difference in your company's daily operations. As a business customer, you and your employees need to be in control of what information you and your company share with us. We will therefore ask for your consent to handle traffic data for certain purposes. It is an agreement between your company and Telenor on how Telenor may handle your company's personal data. There are only individual services where an assistant agreement is required and if you purchase some of these services, you have already been contacted by us. If you buy any of the services that require an assistance agreement, it is fine to contact your salesperson or Customer Service. There is a list of services in the Company Portal where Telenor is a personal data processor.As of May 25, 2018, we need your consent to: Provide better recommendations Analyze your traffic data to create better offers for you and your business Better service Process your traffic data to facilitate the development of our products and services as well as our internal processes Use your company's traffic data to be able to offer you a better customer service Use your company's traffic data to prevent mishandling within our services and products We will also ask in which ways we may contact you, for example via SMS or email. GDPR makes high demands that customers' data is handled securely, and we think that's absolutely excellent. The login to My pages will change, become more secure and is based on the directives produced by the EU. My pages will be renamed My Company and you will be able to log in and give us your consent from May 15. This is how you do it: Log in to My Company - Employees. At the bottom of the page you can manage your consent. You will be linked further and use the controls to give us your consent. If you want to change the settings, just go in and change the settings with the sliders. We will only use your traffic data if we get your consent for the specific issues of better recommendations and better service. However, there are some exceptions. Among other things, we will continue to be able to contact and offer you things that are connected to the products and services your company uses today. Yes, you can always change your mind. You can easily change your settings on My Company. In order to develop and offer really good subscriptions, services, service and offers, we need to use what we know about you and your company. The data we need to use can be divided into personal data and traffic data. Personal data = name, postal address, email address, phone number and social security number. Traffic data = data that shows how you and your colleagues use your services and products. If you have questions about how Telenor handles personal data, you can read more here about your rights and how we process your data or contact us. If you have other questions, we ask that you contact the telephone manager at your company in the first instance. The safety and integrity of your company is important to us at Telenor Företag. Most of our services are provided by us as an operator and are since long regulated by the Electronic Communications Act (LEK). This means that Telenor is a data controller, and we must handle personal data and traffic data in a safe and secure way to comply with the law. For services that are not regulated by LEK, Telenor is a data processor. Our general terms and conditions are extended with a data processing agreement to regulate the processing of data related to such services. GDPR is a new regulation on data protection and privacy for all individuals within the EU, which places further requirements on the processing and handling of personal data. GDPR stands for General Data Protection Regulation and replaces the Personal Data Act (PUL). The regulation will become directly applicable within the EU on May 25 2018. It is important for us to adapt our business and offerings based on your and your company's needs. This is enabled through information about how you and your colleagues use our products and services. GDPR provides an opportunity to improve our cooperation with you and your company and we need your consent to handle traffic data for certain purposes. GDPR also regulates how we collect and save information about you, your employees and your company. For us it is obvious, but it is nevertheless important to tell you, that we will never sell information about you or your company to third parties. Here you can find information about your rights and how we handle your data. You can also find more information at Datainspektionen and PTS about the Electronic Communications Act. Brief about GDPR New Data Protection Ordinance that applies to all companies within EU Entered into force on May 25, 2018 Protects the individual's right to personal privacy through secured personal data The Act on Electronic Communications applies before GDPR About Telenor Solutions Contact and support My Company My Company app © Copyright Telenor Sverige AB We use cookies Settings Manage settings for consent Necessary cookies Needed for the website to function safely and correctly. They therefore cannot be switched off. Necessary cookies enable basic functions, so that you can, for example, navigate between pages or access secure areas of the website. Statistics Statistics Help us improve the website by understanding how visitors use it, for example which parts are visited the most and for how long. We only collect anonymous data.Marketing Marketing Helps us show relevant ads to you who visited us, when you later visit other websites. This makes the ads more valuable to publishers and third-party advertisers, as well as to you. Cookie list checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label