Pursuant to the terms of Organic Act 15/1999 of 13 December 1999, on Personal Data Protection, I consent to my data being included in a file owned by INMATEX and for such data to be used for commercial management purposes and for sending commercial information about the company's products and/or services. I also declare that I have been informed about my rights of access, correction, cancellation and opposition which I may exercise by writing to INMATEX, S.L. Ctra. Ribesalbes 20 - 12006-CASTELLÓN (SPAIN) or by sending an e-mail to inmatex@inmatex.com In order to continue, please accept that you have read and are in agreement with the above clause. I ACCEPTLEGAL NOTICE AND PRIVACY POLICY The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use. Please read them carefully. Accessing to this web site and using the materials available from it implies that you have read and agree, without restrictions, all these terms and conditions. 1. Who is the owner of this web site? The website www.mepindus.es has been created by MEPINDUS, S.L., (hereinafter, MEPINDUS), for information purposes and for your personal use. The name of the domains mepindus.com y MEPINDUS.e.telefonica.net , are registered in favour of MEPINDUS, Company registered in the Commercial Register of Madrid, volume 18.143, book 0, sheet 44, section 8, page M-313.924, with Tax Identification Number B-83442202. MEPINDUS's registered address is established for the purposes of this legal notice, at: C/ Hermanos Fernández Carvajal, 1 , Pozuelo de Alarcón , 28224, Madrid, España. 2. Terms and conditions of use of the MEPINDUS web site The access to this website shall be carried out in a voluntary way by the user. Surfing and accessing this website implies to accept and to know the legal notices, conditions and terms of use included in it. The mere access does not imply the establishment of any kind of commercial relationship between MEPINDUS and the user. This Legal Notice may be diversely modified for its adaptation to possible regulatory and/or technical changes and when MEPINDUS deems it appropriate. 3. Contents and limitations of liability. MEPINDUS earnestly tries to avoid errors in the contents published in the website, however, the users of this website, use it at their own expense and risk. MEPINDUS shall not be liable for the errors or omissions that the contents of this website or other contents accessible through it, may include, MEPINDUS may neither be liable for any damages derived from the use of this website, nor for any action carried out on the base of the information provided by it. The links included in this website that may lead to the use of other sites and web pages managed by third parties, on which MEPINDUS does not exercise any kind of control. MEPINDUS shall not be liable either for the contents or for the state of the said sites and web pages, and the access to them through this website does not imply that MEPINDUS recommends or approves their contents. In case that MEPINDUS becomes effectively aware that the activity or the information linked through the said links are illicit, constitute an offence or may affect third parties goods or rights susceptible of indemnity, it shall act with the due diligence to suppress or cancel the corresponding link as soon as possible. MEPINDUS does not guarantee the absence of viruses or any other harmful elements that may cause damages or alterations in the computer systems, in the electronic documents or in the files of the users of this website. Consequently, MEPINDUS is not responsible for the damages that such devices may cause to the user or third parties. At the same time, MEPINDUS does not take responsibility for the fact that the access to this website be uninterrupted or be free of error. Equally, it is forbidden the inclusion and communication of the contents, by the users, that be false or inaccurate and that lead or may lead other users or MEPINDUS personnel to errors, particularly the contents protected by whatsoever intellectual or industrial property rights, belonging to third parties, when they do not have the authorization of the holder of the rights, discredit the success or credit of MEPINDUS, and be considered as a case of illicit, misleading or unfair advertisement and/or include viruses or any other electronic element which may damage or impede the operation of this website, of the net, MEPINDUS's or third parties hardware and/or other users' access to the portal. 4. Intellectual Property Rights. The whole content of this website, either texts, images, sound, files, trademarks, logos, combination of colours, or any other element, its structure and design, the selection and the way of presenting the materials included in it, and the computer programs necessary for its operation, access and use, are protected by industrial and intellectual property rights, held by MEPINDUS or, in turn, by its licensors, which shall be respected by the user of this website. The copy, unless for private use, the transformation, public diffusion, distribution, making it available and in general any other form of exploitation, by any means, of all or part of the content of this website is forbidden, so it is the design and the selection and form of presentation of the materials included in it, without the express authorization of the holders of the rights or unless it is legally allowed. The access to the website does not imply in any case the acquisition by the users of the right to the property on the contents of it.5. Security and data protection. MEPINDUS carries out its best efforts to guarantee that surfing this website be carried out under the best conditions. It is forbidden to decompile, carry out inverse engineering, sublicense, transfer in any way, translate or carry out works derived from the software necessary for the operation, access and use of this website and of the services contained in it. The user of this website shall in any case refrain from alter, elude or manipulate any protection device or security systems that may be installed in it. MEPINDUS does not assume any responsibility for any kind of prejudices suffered by the users of browsers or versions different from the browsers for which this website has been designed. MEPINDUS does not use cookies to access to information related to the users of the website. However, MEPINDUS reserves the right to modify its criteria regarding the use of cookies. Pursuant to the provisions of Spanish Data Protection Act (SDPA) 15/1999, December 13th, MEPINDUS advises to the users of this website that the personal data provided shall become part of an electronic personal data file owned and responsibility of MEPINDUS, being its purpose to be able to properly attend and process the requests of queries forwarded, as well as the commercial prospecting. Providing your data implies that you expressly authorise MEPINDUS to carry out the automated processing. Your personal data are dealt with the maximum confidentiality, having adopted MEPINDUS, as responsible of the data file, the appropriate technical and organizational measures to guarantee the confidentiality and the security of the personal data, avoiding their alteration, loss, processing or not authorised access, being also aware of the importance that the data related to health may have. MEPINDUS proceeds to the storage of the data that the users provide when carrying out a consultation or to forward a query, some of which are necessary in order to appropriately attend those. The user is advised, conveniently, on the need of providing such data. Please be advised that the e-mail address is used to respond to your query, as well as to be able to provide you information on the products and services offered by MEPINDUS and inform you on any other relevant changes that may take place. Equally, regarding the personal data obtained in the way foreseen in this data protection policy, the users are advised that their rights to access, modification, opposition and cancellation of their personal data are acknowledged by MEPINDUS. Those rights may be exercised by either the user or his/her legal representative, by means of a written and signed request that shall be sent to the following address: MEPINDUS S.L. C/ Hermanos Fernández Carvajal, 1 , Pozuelo de Alarcón , 28224, Madrid, España. The request shall include the name and surnames of the user, copy of his/her Identity Card as well as the content of the petition he/she wants to carry out. 6. Applicable Law and Jurisdiction. The terms and conditions governing this website, as well as the relations that may derive, are protected by and subject to the Spanish Law. For solving any kind of controversy, litigation or discrepancy that may arise between the user and MEPINDUS, S.L. due to the use of this website, the parties agree to submit to the Courts of Madrid City, Spain. Copyright © 2006 Mepindús, S.L. (Materiales Especiales para la Industria)