Privacy information - Magyar Telekom Group Main Menu jumping Options Business Choice Business Business Business Business Selected Business Corporate Solutions Selected Business Business Landlord Selected Business Career Career Primary Navigation Companies Companies Enterprise Setting Room Searching Basket Searching Basket Putd. protection of personal data provided by telekom.hu visitors, ensuring visitors' right to informational self-determination. Magyar Telekom Nyrt. is committed to managing visitors' personal data in a way that fully complies with the applicable laws and contributes to the creation of secure internet access for visitors. Magyar Telekom Nyrt. handles visitors' personal data confidentially in accordance with the applicable legal regulations, ensures their security, takes the technical and organizational measures, and develops the procedural rules necessary to implement the relevant legal provisions and other recommendations. In these Regulations, we declare the principles that determine our policy and our daily practice regarding the protection of personal data, we present the services during which we request personal data from our visitors, we also declare for what purposes and how we use such data, and how we ensure the preservation and protection of personal data. The data management and data protection rules for subscribers of the internet service are contained in our General Terms and Conditions for the internet service. During the development of the Regulation, we took into account the relevant legislation in force and the most important international recommendations, with particular regard to the following: On the protection of natural persons with regard to the management of personal data and on the free flow of such data, as well as on the repeal of Regulation 95/46/EC to Regulation (EU) No. 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council (April 27, 2016) (Gdpr.) CXII of 2011 on the right to information self-determination and freedom of information. Law (Info. tv.) Act VI of 1998 on the protection of individuals during the machine processing of personal data. Act C. of 2003 on electronic communications (Eht.) Act CVIII of 2001 on certain issues of electronic commercial services and services related to the information society. Act (Eker. tv.) 4/2012. (I. 24.) NMHH decree on the data protection and confidentiality obligations related to public electronic communications services, the special conditions for data management and confidentiality, the security and integrity of networks and services, the management of traffic and billing data, and the identification display and call forwarding on rules (Akr.) 2/2015 (III.30) NMHH decree on the detailed rules of electronic communications subscriber contracts (Eszr.) CXIX of 1995 on the management of name and address data for the purpose of research and direct business acquisition. law, (DM law) Operational, ethical and procedural rules of the Hungarian Content Providers Association for content provision, with particular regard to Annex No. 2 on the management and protection of personal data and information Recommendations of the Online Privacy Alliance. If any of our visitors feel that they have additional questions or problems in addition to the provisions of these regulations, or make a comment that is not, or is not completely clear to them based on the Regulations, or needs explanation, please contact the personal data with our colleague responsible for ensuring its protection: Magyar Telekom Nyrt. Mailing address: 1097 Budapest, Könyves Kálmán krt. 36. Data protection officer: dr. Adrienn Esztervári E-mail: dpo@telekom.hu At the request of our visitors, we will always provide detailed information about the processed personal data, the purpose, legal basis, duration and activities related to data management in accordance with the terms of the request. Magyar Telekom Nyrt. undertakes that if it changes its principles and practices regarding the handling of personal data in any way, it will notify telekom.hu/lakossagi visitors of these changes in advance, so that they are always accurately and continuously aware of the entire telekom.hu/otthoni-portál applicable data management principles and practice in the field. Magyar Telekom Nyrt. hereby undertakes that these Regulations on the management and protection of personal data always reflect the actually applied principles and actual practice.Concepts and interpretations related to personal data personal data: any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“Subscriber”); a natural person can be identified directly or indirectly, in particular on the basis of an identifier such as name, number, location data, online identifier or one or more factors relating to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of the natural person identifiable; data management: any operation or set of operations performed on personal data or data files in an automated or non-automated manner, such as collection, recording, systematization, segmentation, storage, transformation or change, query, insight, use, communication, transmission, distribution or making accessible in any other way by item, coordination or connection, restriction, deletion or destruction; data controller: the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or any other body that determines the purposes and means of processing personal data independently or together with others; if the purposes and means of data management are determined by EU or Member State law, the data controller or the special aspects regarding the designation of the data controller are also defined by EU or Member State law; data processor: the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or any other body that processes personal data on behalf of the Service Provider; Basic principles and legal basis of data management Basic principles of personal data management: a) it must be handled legally and fairly and transparently for the data subject ("legality, fair procedure and transparency");b) it must be collected only for a specific, clear and legal purpose, and they must not be handled in a way that is incompatible with these purposes ("purpose limitation"); c) they must be appropriate and relevant in terms of the purposes of data management, and they must be limited to what is necessary ("data economy"); d) they must be accurate and, if necessary, up-to-date to be; all reasonable measures must be taken in order to immediately delete or correct personal data that is inaccurate in terms of the purposes of data management ("accuracy"); e) it must be stored in a form that allows the identification of the data subjects only for the time necessary to achieve the goals of personal data management ("limited storage capacity"); f) must be handled in such a way that adequate security of personal data is ensured by applying appropriate technical or organizational measures, including protection against unauthorized or unlawful processing, accidental loss, destruction or damage of data ("integrity and confidentiality”). In the course of all data management carried out by the Company, it takes into account the above principles and takes the necessary measures in order to be able to prove compliance with the principles of data management ("accountability"). Legal basis for processing personal data: Data processing can only be continued if the appropriate legal basis is available. In the absence of a suitable legal basis, data management cannot be carried out legally. Such a legal basis can be: if the data management was based on law, i.e. it is necessary to fulfill legal obligations concerning Magyar Telekom (e.g. fulfillment of tax and accounting obligations, certain mandatory provisions of Eht.) if the subscriber has given his consent to the processing of his personal data for one or more specific purposes (for example direct marketing consent) if it was based on the legitimate interests of Magyar Telekom (for example, data processing for the prevention of fraud, profiling) if the data processing is necessary for the performance of a contract in which the data subject is one of the parties, or for taking steps at the request of the data subject prior to the conclusion of the contract required; (For example, to fulfill a subscriber contract) if the data processing is necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or another natural person (For example, data processing for the purpose of searching for a missing person) Rights of the Data Subject in relation to data processing: The Data Subject may request from Magyar Telekom: a) for personal data relating to him/her access, b) correction of your personal data, and c) deletion or restriction of processing of your personal data - with the exception of mandatory data management. Right of access: The data subject is entitled to receive feedback from Magyar Telekom as to whether his personal data is being processed, and if such data processing is underway, he is entitled to receive access to the personal data. Magyar Telekom provides the Data Subject with a copy of the personal data that is the subject of data management.For additional copies requested by the Data Subject, Magyar Telekom may charge a reasonable fee based on administrative costs. If the Data Subject submitted the request electronically, the information must be provided in a widely used electronic format, unless the Data Subject requests otherwise. Right to rectification: The data subject has the right to have Magyar Telekom correct inaccurate personal data concerning him without undue delay upon request. Right to erasure: The Data Subject is entitled to have Magyar Telekom delete the personal data concerning him without undue delay upon request, and Magyar Telekom is obliged to delete the personal data concerning the Data Subject without undue delay if one of the following reasons exists: ) the personal data are no longer needed for the purpose for which they were collected or otherwise processed; b) the data subject withdraws the consent that forms the basis of the data management pursuant to point a) of Article 6 (1) or point a) of Article 9 (2) of the General Data Protection Regulation, and there is no other legal basis for the data management; c) the Data Subject objects to the data processing based on Article 21 (1) of the General Data Protection Regulation and there is no overriding legitimate reason for the data management, or the Data Subject objects to the data management based on Article 21 (2) of the General Data Protection Regulation; d) personal data were handled unlawfully; e) personal data must be deleted in order to fulfill the legal obligation prescribed by EU or Member State law applicable to the data controller; f) the collection of personal data took place in connection with the offer of information society-related services referred to in Article 8 (1) of the General Data Protection Regulation (conditions for the consent of children). Right to limit data processing: The data subject has the right to have Magyar Telekom limit data processing at his request, if one of the following is met: a) the data subject disputes the accuracy of the personal data, in which case the restriction applies to the period that allows the data manager check the accuracy of personal data; b) the data management is illegal and the data subject opposes the deletion of the data and instead requests the restriction of their use; c) the data controller no longer needs the personal data for the purpose of data management, but the data subject requires them to submit, enforce or defend legal claims; or d) the data subject has objected to data processing in accordance with Article 21 (1) of the General Data Protection Regulation; in this case, the restriction applies to the period until it is determined whether the legitimate reasons of Magyar Telekom take precedence over the legitimate reasons of the person concerned. If data management is subject to restrictions, such personal data may only be processed with the consent of the Data Subject, with the exception of storage, or to submit, enforce or defend legal claims, or to protect the rights of another natural or legal person, or in the important public interest of the Union or a member state. Right to data portability: The Data Subject is also entitled to receive the personal data concerning him/her provided to Magyar Telekom in a segmented, widely used, machine-readable format, and is also entitled to transmit this data to another data controller without this would be hindered by the data controller to whom the personal data was made available, if: (i) the data processing is based on the consent of Article 6 (1) point a) or Article 9 (2) point a) of the General Data Protection Regulation, or it is based on a contract according to Article 6, paragraph (1), point b) of the General Data Protection Regulation; and (ii) data management is performed in an automated manner. General rules for the exercise of the rights of the data subject: Magyar Telekom shall inform the Data Subject without undue delay, but no later than one month from the receipt of the request, of the measures taken following the request. If necessary, taking into account the complexity of the application and the number of applications, this deadline can be extended by another two months. Magyar Telekom will inform the Contact about the extension of the deadline, indicating the reasons for the delay, within one month of receiving the request. If the Data Subject submitted the request electronically, the information must be provided electronically, if possible, unless the Data Subject requests otherwise. Magyar Telekom provides the Data Subject with information and measures free of charge.If the Data Subject's request is clearly unfounded or - especially due to its repeated nature - excessive, Magyar Telekom, taking into account the administrative costs associated with providing the requested information or information or taking the requested action: a) may charge a reasonable fee, or b) refuse based on the request action. It is the responsibility of Magyar Telekom to prove that the request is clearly unfounded or exaggerated. If Magyar Telekom has reasonable doubts about the identity of the natural person submitting the request, it may request the provision of additional information necessary to confirm the Data Subject's identity. Possibilities for legal enforcement: The Data Subject may apply to court against Magyar Telekom in the event of a violation of his rights. The court acts out of sequence in the case. Magyar Telekom is obliged to prove that the data management complies with the provisions of the law. The adjudication of the case falls under the competence of the court, in the capital, the Capital Court. The lawsuit can also be initiated before the court of the Data Subject's place of residence or residence. Magyar Telekom is obliged to compensate the damage caused to others by the unlawful handling of the Data Subject's data or by violating data security requirements. Magyar Telekom is released from liability if it proves that the damage was caused by an unavoidable cause outside the scope of data management. There is no need to compensate the damage if it resulted from the intentional or grossly negligent behavior of the injured party. In the event of a complaint regarding the handling of his personal data, the Data Subject may also contact the National Data Protection and Freedom of Information Authority (Dr. Attila Péterfalvi, President of the National Data Protection and Information Freedom Authority, postal address: 1363 Budapest, Pf. 9., address: 1055 Budapest, Falk Miksa utca 9 -11., Phone: +36 (1) 391-1400; Fax: +36 (1) 391-1410; E-mail: ugyfelszolgalat@naih.hu; website: www.naih.hu). Interpretive comments regarding the handling of personal data When our visitors are on the pages of telekom.hu, they can usually do so without having to reveal their identity or provide any personal data. However, there are pages and occasions when it may be necessary to provide or know certain personal data of the visitors (for example, their name, postal address or e-mail address) in order to fully use the service offered by telekom.hu/lakossagi. By personally identifiable data and information we mean the personal data relating to natural persons, with the help of which it is possible to identify someone personally, to enter into a communication relationship with someone, or to determine someone's physical contact - including, but not limited to the following: name, home address, postal address , telephone number, fax number, e-mail address, bank qualification, social security number, tax authority identifier, credit card information, customer profiles, biometric identifiers. Anonymous information that is collected with the exclusion of personal identification and cannot be linked to a natural person is not considered personal data, nor is demographic data that is collected in such a way that it is not linked to the personal data of identifiable persons and therefore cannot be identified as personal data. connection with a natural person. By personal data provided by a third party - based on the necessary consent - we mean the data and information suitable for personal identification that relate to the person using the service, i.e. the visitor, but which are collected and provided by the service provider with the cooperation of a third party while complying with the legal requirements. As a general principle, we declare that in all cases where we request personal data from our visitors, after reading and interpreting the necessary information text, they can freely decide whether to provide the requested information. However, we must note that if someone does not provide their personal data, it may sometimes happen that they will not be able to use the service that requires the provision of personal data. Under no circumstances does Magyar Telekom Nyrt. collect special data relating to racial origin, national, ethnic, and ethnic affiliation, political opinion or party affiliation, religious or other beliefs, health status, pathological passion, sexual life, and criminal record. These Regulations are related to the protection of visitors' personal data, which are not intended for the public, but which are made available to Magyar Telekom Nyrt. If someone voluntarily discloses their personal data or part of it, such information is not covered by the Regulations.During the registration required to use some of our services, we also ask our visitors for basic demographic data (age, gender, education, occupation, marital status, place of residence). On the one hand, we use such data for analysis purposes, on the other hand, to improve and develop the quality of our services, as well as to facilitate the provision of services suitable for the full satisfaction of the visitors' needs. If we ask our visitors to register on certain pages of telekom.hu, we will always indicate which data, for which purpose and under what conditions, are required to be provided. In this case, the term mandatory does not refer to the mandatory nature of data collection, but to the fact that there are records without which the registration cannot be completed successfully, so leaving certain fields blank or filling them in incorrectly may lead to the rejection of the registration. If certain services and pages of telekom.hu/lakossagi are produced or operated by Magyar Telekom Nyrt. with companies that have a business relationship with it, and personal data is collected in the course of such services, then the data will still be used by Magyar Telekom Nyrt. are within your data management authority, as when you collect and store such information yourself. During this type of cooperation, the operating partner of Magyar Telekom Plc. - acting on behalf and on behalf of Magyar Telekom Plc. for the benefit of Magyar Telekom Plc. - collects personal data, and the scope of these Regulations also covers such cases. In this case, the partner acts as a data processor for Magyar Telekom, and in this case, the visitor's prior consent is not required to make the data available. When telekom.hu maintains a joint (co-branded) service with a content partner, the right to use personal data is shared, but the provisions of these Regulations - in accordance with the rules for data management of the same content prescribed during the contractual relationship with the partner - are also valid in this case. In the case of the above-mentioned data management, the person of the data controller is clearly indicated during the data provision. The personal data provided to us by our visitors will not be passed on to third parties under any circumstances in the absence of a suitable legal title. However, for the full implementation of the services, it is sometimes necessary to transfer certain personal data of our visitors to a third party - on a temporary basis - if the necessary consent is given - for the purpose of data management. If, for example, an online payment is made on our service pages, the credit card number required for payment is not recognized by Telekom, it is entered directly by the customer to the financial institution service provider. If a purchase is made on the pages of telekom.hu, as a result of which the purchased product must be delivered to the customer, we hand over the product to be delivered, its price, the name of the recipient, the number of the recipient's document to the partner company that carries out the delivery - indicated on the home page of the service (e.g. ID card number) and postal address, but our parcel delivery partner cannot use this data for other purposes except for delivery. Without consent to the transfer of data, there is no possibility of handling personal data in this way. If the authorities authorized to do so request the service provider to hand over personal data in the manner prescribed by law (suspected of a crime, in an official data seizure decision), Magyar Telekom Nyrt. - fulfilling its legal obligation - will hand over the requested and available information. If our visitors provide us with personal data, we will take all necessary steps to ensure the security of this data - both during network communication (i.e. online data management) and during data storage and protection (i.e. offline data management). In the case of services that require our customers to send personal data online in order to use the service, we provide a channel (SSL-based connection) that provides adequate protection for such messages. As soon as the personal data has entered the IT infrastructure of Magyar Telekom, the tasks related to the preservation and protection of the data are prescribed by the principles, procedures and security controls laid down in the IT Security Policy and IT Security Regulation of Magyar Telekom Plc. . Personal data can only be accessed by persons holding relevant positions - subject to the application of high-level access controls. In relation to the management of their personal data and the exercise of their rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation, any affected Magyar Telekom Nyrt.subscribers and users can contact the data protection officer. The announcement can be made in Hungarian. Magyar Telekom Plc. Mailing address: 1097 Budapest, Könyves Kálmán krt. 36. Data protection officer: dr. Adrienn Esztervári E-mail: dpo@telekom.hu Handling of children's personal data Although telekom.hu currently does not offer services specifically intended for children under 14 years of age, it hereby declares that it does not collect or process personal data about children under 14 years of age. If there is a need to handle the personal data of a child under the age of 14 on the visitor page, it is only possible to record such data if we have the consent or consent of a parent or other legal representative in a verifiable form. In the absence of such authorization, we will not record children's personal data (even if the service cannot be used in the absence of this). Ensuring choices (opt-in and opt-out) In compliance with the relevant legislation, telekom.hu undertakes to send any messages and newsletters to its customers only at the customer's prior request, and always provides the option to terminate such communication services. Customers who, after ordering the newsletter service offered on our website, decide at any time that they no longer wish to receive the newsletters can cancel the use of the service. Sending special offers In the area of ​​our services subject to registration and subscription, we send our new customers a first welcome message, in which we sometimes also provide important information for the service (for example, confirmation of username and password). For our customers, depending on their contribution, we send informational circulars about our new services, special offers, etc. at certain intervals. If our customers do not want to receive such promotional letters in the future, they can cancel it at any time. Notification of changes in the content of services If, in connection with a service, we have to forward information to our customers about changes affecting the content, quality, and possibilities of use of the service, we will notify our customers in compliance with our obligation to provide information for the purpose of monitoring and enforcing visitor interests. We send such service notifications to all our customers, it is not possible to unsubscribe from such a "notification list", because it satisfies basic communication needs related to the service and implementing information that asserts visitor interests. Nevertheless, telekom.hu undertakes to use such communication opportunities only to the extent necessary, and not to use such opportunities for marketing purposes. In connection with certain services of telekom.hu, we send out informational materials to our customers at given intervals, in which we give news about the news related to the services. Customers who do not wish to receive such mailings may opt-out of this information service at any time in the future by sending an e-mail stating this intention. Downloading data As a customer of Magyar Telekom, you are entitled to access the personal data managed by Magyar Telekom about you in ways other than those indicated above. Details of the t-email service operated by Magyar Telekom can be found on this link (emails can be exported using the POP3/IMAP/SMTP solution). This is how you can set up the account on your mobile device. This is how you can set up your account in Outlook. You have the option to export your mailbox's contact list, which you can initiate in the "Import/Export" submenu under the "Address list" menu item on the t-email interface. During the export, you can choose several export methods that help you to carry the contact list. Copying Magyar Telekom Nyrt. considers it of utmost importance to contribute to sustainable development as a modern, 21st century company. Telekom's express goal is to introduce paperless operations in as many areas as possible. In view of all of this, based on the relevant legal regulations, starting on May 17, 2016, Telekom will convert the original, paper-based documents into authentic electronic copies in accordance with the conditions specified in the copy-making order. Data protection information – for applications When using Magyar Telekom's mobile applications, the guidelines are contained in the Related documents. Related documents [ PDF, 239.7 kB] [ PDF, 227.1 kB] [ PDF, 272 kB] Detailed documentation about our services: https://www.telekom.hu/rolunk/szolgaltatasok/aszf/lakossagi About Data Management, data security 5 of our General Terms and Conditions annex provides.Additional documents [ PDF, 76.1 kB] [ PDF, 187.7 kB] Contact us Find us via chat, e-mail or even by phone. Store locator Find the nearest store and book an appointment! Search the site Find information quickly and easily. Együtt.Veled English © 2023 Magyar Telekom Nyrt. Back to the top of the page Protecting your data is important to us! This website uses cookies and other tracking solutions. Please use the buttons below to declare which optional cookies and other solutions can be used during your browsing on our website, in addition to cookies that are necessary for the operation of the site, and thus always on. More details Cookie details and settings: Always active They ensure proper operation and collect information about the use of the website without personally identifying our visitors. By collecting user-level behavioral data, they help us offer relevant offers to our visitors. They provide more detailed information for analysis purposes, thus helping in the customer-focused further development of our website. We use cookies and other tracking solutions to ensure the proper functioning of our site, to personalize content and advertisements, to offer social media functions and to analyze our site visits. Absolutely necessary cookies are essential for the website to function and cannot be disabled from our system. With the help of statistical or advertising cookies, in some cases we also share information about page usage with our partners who provide advertising and analysis services. Detailed cookie information