Privacy Policy Date: 3 May 2023 Version number: 7 Language English We will NEVER sell Your Personal Data to Third Parties. Hotjar will only share or disclose Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Data processed by Hotjar Ltd. (“ Hotjar ”, “ We ”, “ Us ” and “ Our ”) when You visit www.hotjar.com in addition to any sub-pages that are integrated within it (the “ Site ”); and/or make use of Hotjar’s Platform. This Privacy Policy explains what Personal Data We collect through Our Site and Platform, how and why We collect it, how We use and disclose the Personal Data We collect and information on how to exercise privacy rights over this Personal Data. We have also included a section on the processing of Personal Data sent to Hotjar from visitors to a Hotjar Enabled Site. We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time but We will never do so in a manner that compromises Our commitment to respect the privacy of individuals. The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs Our practices for collecting, processing and disclosing Personal Data. We will provide notice via email to Our Customers and on this page of any material modifications to this Privacy Policy. Continued use of Our Site and/or Platform following the effective date of any modifications will constitute acceptance of the modified Agreement (this includes Our Terms of Service , Data Processing Agreement , Acceptable Use Policy and this Privacy Policy). All capitalized terms in this Privacy Policy shall have the same meaning as defined in the Terms of Service and in the Applicable Law. Information about Hotjar Hotjar is a company headquartered in the European Union (EU) that provides Software as a Service (SaaS). Hotjar is a digital experience insights platform that provides visual behaviour insights, in-the-moment feedback, and 1:1 interviews, all in one place. Personal Data Collected by Hotjar The Personal Data We collect depends on whether the individual is: A visitor to the Hotjar SiteA Customer or user (the “ User ”) of the Hotjar Platform A Tester who signed up on the Hotjar Platform Personal Data collected from a visitor of the Hotjar Site This section applies to Personal Data Hotjar collects from visitors to the Hotjar Site ( hotjar.com ) or any of Our sub-sites or sub-domains (e.g. help.hotjar.com , etc.). Any Personal Data provided by a visitor to Our Site will be used only as described in this Privacy Policy and Hotjar’s Acceptable Use Policy . Usage Data When someone visits the Hotjar Site, We may temporarily store the name of their internet service provider, IP address, the website they visited Us from, the parts of Our Site they visit, the date and duration of the visit, and information from the device (e.g. device type, operating system, screen resolution, language, country you are located in, and web browser type) used during their visit or other similar information that helps Us understand your behaviour on our Site. We process this usage data to facilitate access to Our Site (e.g. to adjust Our Site to the devices that are used). We may use this data to analyze, develop, improve, secure or optimize the use, function and performance of Our Sites, or to make sure We are reaching out to the right audience. Wherever possible, we will use usage data in an aggregated and/or anonymized form. Depending on the context, the legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(a) and Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Cookies Cookies are small data files transferred onto computers or devices. Hotjar uses cookies to process information including standard internet log information and details of the visitor’s behavioral patterns upon visiting Our Site. This is done to: operate Our Site;provide visitors to Our Site with a better experience by providing Us with insights on how visitors use Our Site; and for marketing purposes, as detailed below. For more info about the cookies We make use of, please visit Our Cookie Information page . Contacting Us Visitors to Our Site have the opportunity to contact Us to ask Us questions, for example via a contact form, where We ask for contact information (e.g. name, email address etc.). We use this data solely in connection with answering the queries We receive. If a visitor to Our Site receives emails from Us, We may use certain analytics tools, to capture data such as when the email is opened or when any links or banners in the email have been clicked.This data helps Us understand the effectiveness of Our communications and marketing campaigns. The legal basis for this processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Personal Data collected from Hotjar’s Customers, Users and Testers This section applies to Personal Data Hotjar collects from its Customers, Users and Testers when making use of Hotjar’s Platform. When someone signs up for an account with Hotjar, contacts Our customer support for assistance, or subscribes to Our content or special offers, We may ask for additional Personal Data such as their name, email address and additional details about them or the organization they represent. We will solely process this Personal Data to provide Our Platform in accordance with Article 6(1)(b) GDPR. If you are a User of Our Platform on behalf of a Hotjar Customer that has concluded this Agreement with Hotjar, the legal basis for Hotjar to process your Personal Data is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Please refer to Our Terms of Service for further details on signing up and using Our Platfor. We temporarily store IP addresses of Customers, Users and Testers of Our Platform for associated performance metrics (i.e. data related to how well Our Platform performs) and to monitor and track application errors. We will never access these IP addresses without any operational or security need. We automatically delete these IP addresses within thirty (30) calendar days.The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. We may use technical data (such as keypresses, timestamps, etc.) collected through the Platform to analyze, develop, improve or optimize the use, function and performance of Our Site, or to make sure we are reaching out to the right audience. Wherever possible, we will use usage data in an aggregated or anonymized form. A Customer may delete their Hotjar account at any time. Users and Testers may delete their respective accounts through their account settings. After account deletion, We may retain Personal Data (in part or in whole) associated with the Customer, User or Tester to meet any regulatory and reporting requirements for the timeframes stipulated by law and to be able to address customer service issues. Any other Personal Data We were processing relating to Our Customer, Tester and/or Users of that Hotjar account will be deleted permanently within thirty (30) calendar days. This does not apply to any Personal Data collected as part of Customer research within the Engage Product. To maintian the quality of the research data, any research-related Personal Data may need to be kept for a reasonably required time. We may use Personal Data and other Data about Our Customers, Users and/or Testers (including but not limited to demographic information, location information, information about the computer or device from which they access Our Platform) to create, wherever possible, anonymized and aggregated information and analytics. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. The information We collect from Our Customers, Users and/or Testers is disclosed only in accordance with the Agreement and the Applicable Law. Personal Data collected from Engage Product Testers THIS SECTION APPLIES ONLY TO THE REGISTERED TESTERS OF OUR ENGAGE PRODUCT When a Tester signs up to the Engage Product, we will ask them to share some Personal Data with Us to create a Tester profile. The Tester profile information will be revealed to Hotjar and Our Customers, who may invite you to usability study interviews (" Interviews "). The Engage Product has been built to connect Testers with the best-matched Customers for their Interviews. Better matches means happier Customers and more payouts for Testers. We analyse the data Testers provide Us with, along with the information about the Tester’s use of Our Platform, to suggest a good Interview match. We collect and process Tester Personal Data to allow Testers to participate in Customer research, as well as for database management, managing contacts and sending messages, analytics, managing Our hosting and backend infrastructure, paying Testers for their service, Tester registration and authentication and displaying content from external platforms. The data categories we will ask Testers to provide in order to build the Tester profile may include but are not limited to, name, age, country of residence, educational background, profession, marital status, phone number and other registration information. This information allows us to effectively match Testers with the right Customers. Testers may also optionally upload an avatar or enter their gender, but can remove this at any time. If a Tester deletes their account, their profile data will be removed too. Depending on the context, the legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(b) GDPR and Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. We will also collect information that relates to how Testers use Our Platform.The categories of Personal Data relating to this include but are not limited to timezone, broad location (town or district), web browser, operating system and the device used, referral sources, email engagement data, data on how you use the Engage Product (including last login date and frequency) and account signup date. This information allows Us to personalize the Engage Product to Testers’ needs and to improve Our Engage Product. We do not collect precise, real-time information about the location of a Tester’s device. We delete (or anonymize) such Tester Personal Data as soon as you cancel your account. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. On an entirely voluntary basis, Testers may choose to connect their social media account with their Tester profile. This will grant Us read-only access to their social media account and we will store their social media account ID, along with a secure 'access key' that these social media companies provide to Us. If Tester grants Us access, we may also process their email address that is associated with the social media account, name, profile picture, gender and age range, which we may use to enhance Tester profile data on the Engage Product. We use social media account data as a 'quality signal' to confirm that the Engage Product account belongs to a real person and therefore, sharing of social account data may affect the number of Interview invitations a Tester receives. We will never post content to a Tester’s social profile without their permission and we will never request or access their private messages on these accounts. Testers can choose to disconnect their social media accounts at any time, which will prevent Us from being able to access them. Social media account data will also be deleted if you choose to delete your Hotjar account. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(a) GDPR. In order to be able to remunerate Our Testers we will process payment related information that Testers share with Us such as PayPal email address, residential address, etc.. We may also need to keep a history of payments made to Testers. This is needed to comply with accounting and legal rules. This data may be kept up to seven (7) years. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(b) GDPR. Hotjar’s use of Personal Data Access and Disclosure to Third Parties We use a select number of trusted external service providers for certain technical data analysis, processing and/or storage offerings (e.g., IT and related services). These Third Party service providers are carefully selected and meet high data protection and security standards. We only share data with them that is required for the services offered and We contractually bind them to keep any information We share with them as confidential and to process Personal Data only according to Our instructions. The legal basis for such processing would be Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. In addition to services providers, other categories of Third Parties may include: Vendors/public institutions. To the extent that this is necessary in order to make use of certain services requiring special expertise (such as legal, accounting or auditing services) We may share Personal Data with vendors of such services or public institutions that offer them (e.g. courts). The legal basis of this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Disclosure in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. If We are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then Data may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract. The legal basis for such processing would be Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Other than the cases mentioned above, We will only transfer Personal Data to Third Parties without express consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) GDPR or if We are obliged to do so by statutory law or by instruction from a public authority or court as outlined in Our Terms of Service . Communication Purposes We may occasionally send notification emails about updates to Our product, legal documents, customer support or for marketing purposes. To the extent required by Applicable Law, We will only send such messages if We have obtained consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) GDPR. In all other cases, the legal basis of this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Except for cases where We are required to do so by law (e.g. notification of a data breach, providing you with important information about your account, updating our legal documents, etc.), recipients of Our communication shall have the opportunity to unsubscribe from receiving these messages free of charge. We process requests to be placed on do-not-contact lists as required by Applicable Law.Marketing Purposes We use Personal Data given to Us by Hotjar’s Customers, Users, Testers and/or visitors to Our Site to target advertisements to: Hotjar’s Customers, Users, Testers and/or visitors to Our Site to keep them informed about Hotjar and any product changes we make; andPotential new Customers or Testers that appear to have shared interests or similar demographics. The legal basis of this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. We do this by sharing Personal Data with Third Party marketing platforms that have high privacy and confidentiality standards and which have gone through a legal and security review by Hotjar. This ensures that these Third Parties cannot do anything with the Personal Data We provide them other than use it for the express purpose of providing Us with the marketing services We contract them for. This Personal Data is only shared with these Third Parties through secure and encrypted means. If you wish to opt out of this processing activity, please contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com with the subject line “Opt-Out of Marketing”. Compliance and Protection We may use Personal Data to (legal basis for the respective processing in parentheses): protect Our, Our Customers’/Users’, Testers’, visitors’ to Our Site or Third Parties’ rights, privacy, safety or property including by making and defending legal claims (Article 6(1)(b), (c) or (f) GDPR);audit Our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements and internal policies (Article 6(1)(f) GDPR);enforce Our Terms of Service (Article 6(1)(b) or (f) GDPR);protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft (Article 6(1)(f) GDPR); and comply with the Applicable Law, lawful requests and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities (Article 6(1)(c) or (f) GDPR). Benchmarking Hotjar reserves the right to use and retain Data in a de-identified and/or aggregated form to improve Our Site and/or Platform and for statistical and benchmarking purposes, including enabling comparisons within the same industry to enhance the insights collected through Our Site and Platform. Benchmarks look at all collected metrics and compare them to others of the same nature. These de-identified and/or aggregated benchmarks may be published and shared publicly within Our Platform or in the form of other content We publish which may show a summary of results for a certain category or question type. No Data which can individually identify Our Customers, or their end-users, Our Users or Our Testers will ever be shown in this statistical or benchmark data. The legal basis for aggregating/anonymizing this Personal Data is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Intra-group sharing of User and visitor Data Hotjar is part of the Content Square SAS group (“ Contentsquare ”) which is headquartered in Paris, France. In the course of our normal operations, Hotjar may share Data (e.g. name and contact details, etc.) of Users of Hotjar accounts, Testers, and visitors of Our Site (hotjar.com) with Contentsquare. The purpose of sharing this Data is to pursue synergies in sales and marketing, which is in both Hotjar’s and Contentsquare’s legitimate commercial interests. The legal basis of this Data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. No Data which can individually identify end-users of a Hotjar Enabled Site will be shared with Contentsquare. Hotjar and Contentsquare are jointly responsible for these processing activities (so-called joint controllership). If you would like more information in this regard or would like to exercise your rights as described in this Privacy Policy, please contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com. Other Purposes with Your Consent In some cases, We may ask you for consent to collect, use or share Personal Data for other purposes. For example, We may ask you for consent to send marketing emails where required by law or to post testimonials or endorsements. In such cases, there will always be the ability to deny or revoke consent if desired. The legal basis for the data processing is under Article 6(1)(a) GDPR. Duration of Processing Unless a different timeframe has been specifically stated in this Privacy Policy or in Our Pricing Page, Personal Data will be retained for as long as is necessary for the purpose(s) for which We originally collected it or to provide Our Platform, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, and enforce Our Agreement. We may also retain information as required by Applicable Law. International Transfers of Personal Data In most cases, Personal Data We collect is stored in the EU. However, in some limited cases, customer information may be accessed from, or other Personal Data (e.g., email, etc.) may be transferred outside of the EU. These countries may have different data protection laws.Hotjar endeavors to ensure appropriate safeguards are in place requiring that Personal Data will remain protected. Hotjar has concluded Standard Contractual Clauses with entities who We share Personal Data with outside of the EU. Further details about this can be found in Our article on Data Storage . Children’s Information Hotjar’s Platform is not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children. If you learn that your child has provided Us with Personal Data without your consent, you may contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com. If We learn that We have collected a child’s Personal Data in violation of Applicable Law, We will promptly take steps to investigate this, delete such information and, if applicable, terminate the child’s account. We will also make sure to have preventive measures in place for this not to happen again in the future. Rights over Personal Data If you are a visitor to Our Site or a Customer, User and/or Tester of Our Platform and We have collected Personal Data about you, you have a right to access and to be informed about what Personal Data is processed by Hotjar, a right to rectification/correction, erasure/anonymization and restriction of processing (subject to certain exceptions and other requirements prescribed by law). You also have the right to receive from Hotjar a structured, common and machine-readable format of Personal Data you provided Us. When you have provided consent, you may withdraw it at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing that was carried out prior to withdrawing it. Whenever you withdraw consent, you acknowledge and accept that this may have a negative influence on the quality of Our Site and/or Platform. Please be aware that when you withdraw consent, We may delete the Personal Data previously processed on the basis of your consent and will not be allowed to keep it further which will mean that it cannot be accessed, downloaded or otherwise secured by you. In addition, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your respective data protection authority. To protect your privacy, We take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. We can only identify you via your email address and we can only adhere to your request and provide information if We have Personal Data about you through you having made contact with Us directly and/or you are using Our Site and/or Platform. To protect your privacy, We will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling any consumer request under the Applicable Law. When you make a request, We will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows Us to reasonably verify you are the person We collected Personal Data about or an authorized representative, which may include your email address. If You are located in California… This section only applies to Our processing of Personal Data as a “business” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what Categories of Personal Data Hotjar has collected about them and whether Hotjar disclosed that Personal Data for a business purpose (e.g. to a service provider) in the preceding twelve (12) months. If you are a California resident and would like to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, please contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com . We will process your request in accordance with the Applicable Laws. Sales of Personal Information Under the CCPA. For purposes of the CCPA, Hotjar does not “sell” Personal Data, nor do We have actual knowledge of any “sale” of Personal Data of minors under 16 years of age. Non-Discrimination. California residents will have the right to exercise the rights conferred to them by the CCPA. Authorized Agent. Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request under the CCPA. If applicable, you may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. To designate an authorized agent, please contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com . If You are located in Brazil… This section only applies to Our processing of Personal Data under the Brazilian Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD). In addition to the rights described above, you also have the right to: access your Personal Data processed by Hotjar; unless restricted by law, request information about the public and private entities with which We have shared your Personal Data; oppose to the processing carried out; and/or receive information about the possibility of not providing your consent and the consequences of such denial. If you are a Brazilian resident or were in Brazil when your Personal Data was collected and would like to exercise any of your rights under the LGPD, please contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com . We will process your request in accordance with the Applicable Laws.Personal Data collected from a visitor of a Hotjar Enabled Site This section applies to Personal Data sent to Hotjar from Our Customers about visitors to their site using Our Platform (i.e. a Hotjar Enabled Site). When an end-user visits a Hotjar Enabled Site, the Hotjar Enabled Site’s privacy policy will apply to the Personal Data collected and not this Privacy Policy. This section should always be read in conjunction with the specific privacy policy of the Hotjar Enabled Site which will contain further details regarding the processing of your Personal Data by the Hotjar Enabled Site. When making use of Our Platform, Our Customers are bound by Our Privacy Policy, Our Terms of Service , and Our Acceptable Use Policy . You can get more information about Hotjar by visiting Our Site . If you are a visitor to a Hotjar Enabled Site, Hotjar may temporarily process your IP address so that We can ensure Our service is running smoothly and improve the quality of Our Platform. Any IP addresses We process are used exclusively for associated performance metrics (i.e. data related to how well Our Platform performs on the Hotjar Enable Site) and to monitor and track application errors. For this purpose, We may temporarily store your IP address with Hotjar’s Sub-Processors which are subject to strict obligations of confidentiality and will process it only according to Our instructions. We will never access these IP addresses without any operational or security need. We automatically delete any IP addresses We process or store within thirty (30) calendar days. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Some Hotjar Customers may have the ability to integrate Data they have collected through Our Platform with other end-user data they have in their possession (e.g. their customer information). Depending on the web browser you use, it might be possible for you to disallow Hotjar from collecting Data when visiting a Hotjar Enabled Site. To discover if your web browser offers this functionality visit Our Do Not Track page . Please note that We cannot respond to any requests from end-users of Hotjar Enabled Sites related to their Personal Data, including requests to provide, rectify or delete any end-user Personal Data. Any requests from end users of Hotjar Enabled Sites related to Customer Personal Data should be sent to the relevant Hotjar Customer. Previous Versions of this Privacy Policy Version 6.2 ( compare markup changes between version 6.2 and 7 ) Looking for monthly wisdom? Sign up for Hotjar content straight to your inbox. I have read and accept the conditions outlined in the privacy policy . Contact Sales Products Solutions Resources Company Compliance Copyright © 2014 - 2023 Hotjar Ltd. All rights reserved. Manage Consent Preferences for Hotjar.com Essential Cookies These cookies ensure our website and its features work correctly. To the extent personal data is processed via essential cookies, the respective legal basis is our legitimate interest. Analytics Cookies Analytics Cookies These include cookies that help us monitor site traffic and analytics, as well as cookies that enable us to run tests and optimize our site’s experience. Marketing Cookies Marketing Cookies Cookies that allow us to tailor and measure the effectiveness of our advertising. Such cookies may be capable of understanding your interests, across other sites and building up a profile that is used for remarketing purposes. If you do not allow these cookies you may experience less tailored advertisements. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label 33Across host description View Cookies 33Across View Privacy NoticeAdvertising Platform Privacy Policy This policy explains how Magnite, Inc. (“Magnite,” we” or “us”) collects, uses and discloses information about you when you interact with Digital Media Properties (defined below) that use our advertising technology platforms and related services to deliver you ads (collectively, the “ Services”) . Please note:This privacy policy does not govern (i) the collection and use of information about visitors to our website, https://www.magnite.com/ , (ii) information collected in the course of our sales and marketing activities – that information can be found here (iii) The activities of our affiliate SpringServe Inc. — that information can be found here (iv) the collection, use and disclosure of information by our clients through their Digital Media Properties, which is governed by their own privacy policies and practices; or (iv) any activities where we act as a service provider to our clients rather than a data controller. About Us Magnite provides Services that connect buyers of advertising inventory (advertisers) with sellers of advertising inventory (publishers) (in other words, the opportunity to display a buyer’s advertisement on a seller’s Digital Media Property). In this policy, we refer to our buyers and sellers collectively as “ clients ”. For example, advertisers use our technology to buy inventory to display advertising across publishers’ websites and applications on Internet-connected devices and platforms, including mobile devices, computers and internet-connected TVs (which we collectively refer to as “ Digital Media Properties ”). When an advertiser serves an advertisement on a publisher’s Digital Media Property, the advertisement will be displayed to you in connection with the content that you view. For example, if you visit a video-streaming Digital Media Property and click on a video that you want to stream, then an advertisement may appear before the video is shown because the advertiser successfully purchased the opportunity to display an advertisement before that video. Information We Collect When you visit a Digital Media Property that uses our Services, we collect certain information about you and your device (collectively, “ User Information ”). User Information does not include information that directly identifies an individual, such as name, address, phone number, or email address. However that information may be considered “personal data” or “personal information” under applicable privacy or data protection laws. In particular, we collect identifiers such as your IP addresses, cookie identifiers, and device identifiers, and may also assign identifiers to your device based upon these identifiers and other device-related information we collect as described below. These identifiers help us to recognize a particular browser, computer, mobile device, Internet-connected television or other device without knowing the identity of the user of that device. We also collect information about the web page URL or app in which you are viewing content and other data that the Client makes available to us, which helps us, our clients, and our partners (such as third party advertising platforms) select appropriate advertisements to display to you. When you visit Digital Media Properties that use our technology, we collect the following information about you: Usage Information: including information about the domain, topic or name of the property, the date/time of visits, the search terms you enter, visitor activities and actions, viewability data, the video title, video player size, description or category being displayed, click data, types of advertisements viewed Log Information: including information about the type of browser you use, app version, access times, pages viewed, and the page you visited before navigating to the Digital Media Properties Device Information : including information about the computer or mobile device you use, including, device make, device model, device operating system, device operating system version, and data connection type; Location Information: We may derive the approximate location of your device from your IP address (geographic region or state). In accordance with your device permissions, we may also receive information about the precise location of your device but only if our clients pass it to us. Precise location may be deemed as sensitive personal information in some jurisdictions.Please see Additional Information for California Residents below to learn more about how we process sensitive personal information should it be passed to us; Internet service information : including information about which Internet Service Provider (ISP) you use; Deidentified information : We may process certain other deidentified data that enables us to serve you with advertisements, such as encrypted or hashed forms of your email address if our clients pass these to us; Derived information : We may also receive information from third parties at the instruction or for the benefit of our clients that provide user demographics and information with respect to a user’s preferences, patterns, click and video interactions, behaviors or interests, as well as advertisers and advertising platforms that provide information to us in order to match an ad opportunity offered by our clients with the right advertisement. Magnite and our clients may collect and store inferences about user activity using our Services. How We Collect User Information We (and our service providers) use different technologies (collectively “Tracking Technologies”) to collect information, including cookies and other similar technologies to collect information automatically from your device when you visit with a Digital Media Property that uses our technology. Tracking Technologies help to match client’s advertising opportunities with the right advertisements. To do so, we may perform cookie syncing between publisher client cookies, Magnite cookies, third party data provider cookies and/or advertiser client cookies. This cookie synching process allows the parties to map their respective cookie information (for example, if publisher A sets a cookie on a user’s device with an ID 12345 and advertiser B sets a cookie on the same user’s device with an ID 67890, cookie synching would enable publisher A and advertiser B to recognize that ID 12345 and ID 67890 relate to the same user’s device). In the case of advertisers, the cookie sync may influence its decision to bid on advertising opportunities, because it may recognize that the cookie ID sent to it as an opportunity to bid on relates to a user they already know (perhaps because they already targeted advertising to the user when they previously visited a Digital Media Properties in the past). We also use Tracking Technologies for frequency capping, i.e., to ensure that the same user is not served the same advertisement repeatedly, to assist with the delivery of ads, provide reporting to our Clients, and to understand and measure the user’s interactions with ads and their effectiveness. Please review our Platform Cookie Statement for more information. Services provided by others: We also work with third-party for analytics and advertising services that separately collect and use User Information to enable our Clients and their customers to deliver targeted advertisements using our advertising technology. As an example, we work with third-party advertising companies that use information about your visits to various websites or applications across multiple devices in order to provide you with content and ads of interest across devices that they think are associated with you or your household, including web browsers, mobile apps, and internet-connected televisions. We, and our advertiser clients may use this third-party data in combination with the User Information we collect to deliver you targeted ads across multiple devices or our publisher clients may use this third-party data in combination with the User Information we collect to offer groupings of audiences, commonly known as audience segments, on the Digital Media Properties as advertising opportunities. Use of User Information We and our clients use User Information in order to inform their decisions regarding buying and selling advertising space on Digital Media Properties. In particular, we and our clients use information we collect, in conjunction with other information they have independently collected or received from third-party advertising platforms, to deliver end users targeted advertising that our clients believe will be of particular interest to those users. This processing may constitute “targeted advertising” under some laws and the “sale” or “sharing” of personal information under other laws. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work .We also use the User Information we collect for the following purposes: To enable our clients to offer and buy advertising opportunities on Digital Media Properties;To operate and improve our technology;To compile statistics and conduct research and development for our internal business purposes;To prepare reports of visitor activity;To enable standard advertising controls;To analyze and report on ad performance (such as tracking views of ad, ad fill rates, as well as click-through rates on ads), campaign reporting, and campaign forecasting; To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.To deliver end users targeted advertising;To create profiles of end users for targeted advertising;To create audience segments as advertising opportunities Disclosure of User Information We disclose User Information that we collect as follows: Clients : We disclose User Information with our advertiser clients to help them identify and buy advertising on publishers’ Digital Media Properties. Advertisers may use this information in conjunction with other information they have independently collected to provide you targeted advertising and to help them evaluate whether a particular ad campaign may be of interest to you. Magnite Affiliates: We disclose User Information with other companies in the Magnite group of companies to use for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Business Transfers : We may disclose User Information in connection with an actual or proposed sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets, corporate merger, consolidation, or bankruptcy. Vital interest, legal rights and compliance with laws . We may disclose User Information with law enforcement, regulatory authorities, courts with competent jurisdictions, emergency services or other necessary third parties for legal, protection, security, and safety purposes, including: to comply with laws or regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests and legal process;to protect the rights and property of Magnite, our affiliates, agents, customers, and others, including enforcing our agreements, policies, and terms of use and protecting our network and physical assets; and/orto protect the safety of our employees and agents, our customers, or any person. Vendors, and other service providers : We may disclose User Information with our vendors, and service providers who perform functions on our or our clients’ behalf and require access to such information to provide us with services or do work for us. Examples include: analyzing data, reporting, fraud prevention, hosting or providing data, auditing, engaging technical support for our technology platform, and performing analysis related to our technology platform and related services. Partners : We may disclose User Information with partners, including third party advertising platforms. These partners use the information we provide to provide services to us and our clients, and may use the data for their own purposes. Information Our Clients and Vendors Collect Our clients, our vendors, and our clients’ vendors who use our technology may use their own tags, pixels, cookies, or other similar technology (or those of their other affiliates) within advertisements and on certain Digital Media Properties. We are not responsible for our clients’, vendors’ and/or our clients’ vendors’ use of such tracking technologies or for their privacy practices. Platform Cookie Statement To learn more about how we use Cookies and similar technologies please visit our Platform Cookie Statement here . Your Privacy Rights and Choices Opt-Out Depending upon where you live, certain activities described in the “ Use of User Information ” and “ Disclosure of User Information ” sections above may constitute “sharing” “selling” or processing of User Information for purposes of “targeted advertising” as such terms are defined under certain privacy laws. You may opt out of these activities, as well as certain processing of sensitive personal information we may undertake by following the instructions in our User Choice Portal . Access, Correction, Deletion In addition, depending on where you reside and other legal limitations, you may have the right to (1) request to know more about and access the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, and disclose, (2) request deletion or restriction of your personal information, (3) request correction of inaccurate personal information, (4) obtain your User Information in a portable format. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please see our User Choice Portal for instructions on how to do so. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights. Note that when you exercise your rights, we may ask for additional information to verify your request. If we deny your request, you may have the right to appeal our decision.If you have concerns about the results of an appeal, you may contact the attorney general in the state where you reside. Information Retention We store the User Information we collect for as long as is necessary for the purpose(s) for which we originally collected it, or for other legitimate business purposes, including to meet our legal, regulatory, or other compliance obligations. We typically store the User Information we collect from your device, such as IP address and other information described above, in our systems for up to 90 days before we anonymize and aggregate that data into summary reports. Security We use industry-standard technical and organizational security measures to help protect information transmitted over or stored on our systems. Please note, however, that no transmission or storage of information can ever be guaranteed to be completely secure, though we do take all reasonable precautions to protect against security incidents. Additional Information for California Residents If you are a resident of California, please review the additional privacy disclosures in this section, which apply where we collect and disclose information as a “business” under California law. These disclosures do not apply to the extent we act as a service provider to our clients. In such cases, you must visit the privacy policies of our clients to understand how data is processed about you and to exercise your rights. Information About Our Data Processing California law requires us to disclose the categories of personal information we collect and how we use them, the categories of sources from which we collect personal information, and the third parties to which we disclose personal information. We collect personal information from the sources described in the “ Information we Collect ” section above. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information to the following categories of recipients for the stated purposes: Pseudonymous Identifiers Seller and Advertiser clients, other companies in the Magnite Inc group of companies, data analysis partners, fraud prevention partners, cloud-based service providers • To enable our clients to offer and buy, and to display advertising opportunities on Digital Media Properties;• To operate and improve our technology; To compile statistics and conduct research and development for our internal business purposes•To enable standard advertising controls;• To analyze and report on ad performance (such as tracking views of ad, ad fill rates, as well as click-through rates on ads), campaign reporting, and campaign forecasting;• To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.• To deliver end users targeted advertising; • To create profiles & audience segments of end users for advertising Log and Usage information Seller and Advertiser clients, other companies in the Magnite group of companies, data analysis partners, fraud prevention partners, cloud-based service providers • To enable our clients to offer and buy, and to display advertising opportunities on Digital Media Properties;• To operate and improve our technology; To compile statistics and conduct research and development for our internal business purposes•To enable standard advertising controls;• To analyze and report on ad performance (such as tracking views of ad, ad fill rates, as well as click-through rates on ads), campaign reporting, and campaign forecasting;• To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.• To deliver end users targeted advertising; • To create profiles & audience segments of end users for advertising Geolocation data Advertiser clients, other companies in the Magnite group of companies, data analysis partners, fraud prevention partners, internet service providers, cloud-based service providers • To enable our clients to offer and buy, and to display advertising opportunities on Digital Media Properties;• To operate and improve our technology; To compile statistics and conduct research and development for our internal business purposes•To enable standard advertising controls;• To analyze and report on ad performance (such as tracking views of ad, ad fill rates, as well as click-through rates on ads), campaign reporting, and campaign forecasting;• To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.User behavior data, derived information Clients, other companies in the Magnite group of companies, data analysis partners, fraud prevention partners, cloud-based service providers • To enable our clients to offer and buy, and to display advertising opportunities on Digital Media Properties;• To operate and improve our technology; To compile statistics and conduct research and development for our internal business purposes• To analyze and report on ad performance (such as tracking views of ad, ad fill rates, as well as click-through rates on ads), campaign reporting, and campaign forecasting;• To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.• To deliver end users targeted advertising; • To create profiles & audience segments of end users for advertising Precise Location Information Precise location information is only processed by Magnite should our clients provide it to us, and if the end user’s device settings permit. Should Magnite get passed this information, it is made available to Advertiser Clients. To enable Advertisers to deliver end users targeted advertising; Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information & Limit Use of Sensitive Information Magnite’s disclosure of User Information, may sometimes constitute a “sale” or “sharing” under California law or the use of sensitive information for purposes that require offering consumers the ability to limit our use of such information, and our clients may use our technology for these purposes as well. You may opt out of the “sale”, and “sharing”, of your personal information as well as the use of sensitive information for advertising purposes by following the instructions in our User Choice Portal . Note that because these opt outs are specific to the device or browser on which they are exercised, you will need to opt out on each browser and device. Your Rights Under California law, you have the right to access, correct, and request deletion of your data. To exercise these rights, please see the Your Privacy Rights & Choices section above. Annual Request Statistics During the period January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, we received the following number of requests from individuals: Requests to know from individuals in the United States: 20 requests. We processed the requests within a medium timeframe of 5 days; however, these requests were denied because we were unable to verify the identity of the individual making the request. Requests to delete from individuals globally: 16 requests, and we processed these requests within a medium timeframe of 5 days; however, these requests were denied as we did not have any information relating to the individual’s information making the request. Requests to opt out from individuals, globally: we do honor users’ requests to opt out of interest-based advertising and any potential sales of personal information, as explained in this Policy. We received 3,696,809 requests to opt out, and these requests were completed in approximately real time. Additional Information for EEA, UK, and Switzerland End Users If you are an end user located in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, please read these additional disclosures below. Your Rights You have the right to access, correct, and request deletion of your personal data and to object to certain processing, including profiling. You also have the right to receive personal data concerning yourself in a machine readable format. If you would like to exercise your rights, please see our User Choice Portal here . Legal Basis for Processing Our legal basis for collecting and using the User Information described above will depend on the User Information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. In all situations where you have been specifically asked by our partners or by us for your consent prior to processing, we may rely on that consent until you withdraw it. If we rely on consent to collect and/or process your User Information, we will obtain such consent in accordance with applicable law. In some cases, we need to process your User Information because we have a legal obligation to do so. You can withdraw your consent and opt-out from the use of your data for advertising purposes, and opt out of the further processing of your data in our User Choice Portal . In some cases we may need to process your User Information because we are required to do so by law. In all other cases we may rely on our legitimate interests to collect User Information from you, except where such interests are overridden by your data-protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your User Information, they include the interests described in the section headed “ How We Use User Information .” To note, Magnite participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its specifications and policies.Magnite’s identification number(s) within the framework is 52 (DV+), 102 (Magnite Streaming), 202 (Magnite Outstream) and 493 (Magnite Carbon AI). If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your User Information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “ Contact Us ” heading below. Right to Lodge a Complaint You have the right to lodge a complaint about our processing of personal data with a European Data Protection Authority. For contact details of EU data protection authorities, please see here: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en . The Swiss data protection authority can be contacted at https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact/address.html . The UK data protection authority can be contacted at https://ico.org.uk Data Transfers and Privacy Shield Magnite is a global company headquartered in the United States, with offices and data centers around the world (including in Australia, Brazil, Canada, the European Union, Japan, Singapore and the United Kingdom). If you access any of the Digital Media Properties, your data may be transferred to, stored and processed by us in any of these countries, and by those third parties with whom we may share your User Information (as described in this policy) in the countries in which they operate. These countries may not provide a level of data protection for User Information that is equivalent to the data protection laws in your country. We will however implement appropriate safeguards where Magnite group of companies, or any third parties with whom we share data, receive User Information originating from the EEA, Switzerland or the UK in accordance with applicable data protection legislation. With respect to its DV+ Platform, Magnite, Inc. and its US subsidiary, Magnite Hopper, Inc. commit to comply with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Frameworks as set forth by the US Department of Commerce with respect to personal information concerning individuals from the EEA, the UK and Switzerland. Please see our Privacy Shield Notice to learn more. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. We no longer rely on the Privacy Shield frameworks as our lawful mechanism to transfer data that originated in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland to the United States. If you would like to learn more about the safeguards we put in place for international transfers, please contact us using the contact details further below. Changes to this Policy We may update this policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you of any material changes by posting the revised policy on this website, and where necessary, by any other means required by applicable law. Contact Us For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact Magnite’s Privacy Team by e-mail at privacy@magnite.com or by post using the details provided below: 1250 Broadway, 15th Floor, New York, New York 10001 You can also contact Magnite’s Data Protection Officer at dpo@magnite.com . If you are based in the EU you can contact our EU Representative: Magnite@lionheartsquared.eu Lionheart Squared (Europe) Ltd (FAO – Magnite),2 Pembroke House, Upper Pembroke Street 28-32,Dublin, DO2 EK84, Republic of Ireland. Legal Copyright 2023 Magnite, Inc. All rights reserved Your Privacy Choices Privacy Policies Login Resources Company Follow Us Our Offices BelfastBerlinBostonBozemanDenverLondonLos AngelesMelbourneMilanNew JerseyNew YorkNew ZealandParisSan FranciscoSão PauloSeattleSingaporeSwedenSydneyTokyoToronto Copyright 2023 Magnite, Inc. All rights reserved This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some are essential to make our site work; others help us improve the site. By continuing to use this site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Read our website privacy policy and cookie statement to learn more.Privacy Notice Effective Date: June 29, 2023 Demandbase, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, “Demandbase”, “we”, “us” or “our”) respects the privacy of individuals. This Privacy Notice explains how we collect, use, disclose and protect personal information and how you can manage the personal information collected about you. This Privacy Notice applies to any website, virtual or physical event, or online service from, or other interaction with, Demandbase and its subsidiaries (Demandbase, Ltd., DemandMatrix LLC., DemandPrediction India Pvt Ltd., Engagio, Inc., InsideView Technologies, Inc. and Demandbase India Private Limited) and via the services we provide to our customers. As used in this Privacy Notice, “personal information” means information about an identified or identifiable natural person. Most of the sections in this Privacy Notice apply to everyone. There are sections below that only apply to certain individuals who are located in or residents of certain jurisdictions as described in those sections. Depending on the circumstances, Demandbase will use different legal bases to process personal information. In some circumstances, Demandbase processes personal information when required to do so by law, or if necessary to protect your interests, our interests, or the interests of a third party. Demandbase may also process data when it is in Demandbase’s legitimate interests, provided that such interests are not overridden by the fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals. A few examples of these legitimate interests may be to provide its services to customers, operate its business, conduct direct marketing and maintain security. This Privacy Notice does NOT apply to the websites or services offered by Demandbase’s customers, partners, publishers who display ads or to any other third parties. Personal Information We Collect from You You may provide your name, contact details, information about your job (like your title or the name of your employer), content you post in our community forums or over social media, and other personal information directly to Demandbase when you interact with us or our services. We also may collect personal information about you through your device or browser while you are using or visiting our sites or services or when you engage or interact with us, such as by opening an email. This personal information may include your IP address, device identifier, geographic location, or usage information such as authentication, analytics, and other information that allows us to provide you with a more personalized experience. Please see the section on Cookies and Tracking below for more details. Personal Information We Receive from Other Sources In addition to personal information we collect from you, we may receive personal information about you from other sources and through our own research. We may receive your personal information from Demandbase customers or subscribers/users. We may also receive your personal information from third party partners, email campaigns and marketing partners. Such third party data may include company information, demographic information, employment history and salary information, and professional/business contact details. We collect personal information from a variety of publicly available and other sources, including: company websitescompany blogsnon-confidential corporate records or reports (for example, government filings and commercial registers)government publicationspress releasesnews articlesmagazinessocial media sitesthe digital advertising bidstreamour customersdata brokersother content published by or on behalf of a company by third parties. From these sources we obtain many categories of personal information related to where and how individuals do business. We do not intentionally collect sensitive personal information like health information, biometric data or credit card information from third parties. We may also generate or receive predictive data or inferences about business users such as account characteristics, interests or business buying behavior. How We Use Personal Information Demandbase uses personal information in the following ways: For providing and improving our services. We use personal information to operate, improve and personalize our business and services. This use includes collecting data through integrations with customer relationship management (CRM), email or other systems, troubleshooting or improving our services, making inferences, and deriving insights, trends, use, and analytics, whether actual or predicted, from personal information collected.We use personal information to augment, create, validate, enrich or enhance existing data sets. We may work with third parties to receive data or insights and combine that information with the data and insights we already have. Advertising and marketing for Demandbase and our customers. We use personal information for advertising and marketing, such as analyzing and predicting business buying behavior or business interests and delivering interest-based advertising and content to your device, such as ads, widgets, or website content tailored to you on behalf of advertisers, across websites and devices, and over time. We use personal information to communicate with you about offers, events, services or products by us and partners and to track engagement with messaging. We may combine the personal information we have with third party data, including data that may directly or indirectly identify you, for improving the personalization of ads. As required by applicable law, legal process or regulation. We may use all personal information we collect or receive as required under contract, law, legal or financial processes like audits and to protect Demandbase’s legal and contractual rights. To provide reporting and analytics. We may use personal information to create reports (such as performance analytics, statistics, metrics and other details) for our company and for Demandbase customers on the companies that visit our or their websites as well as actual or predicted interests for those visitors. We may also use personal information to measure and report on engagement with current and prospective customers, by measuring which communications are received or viewed through which channels. We may also use personal information to carry out actions requested by our customers, such as combining data with additional data in our possession or provided by customers or using data to retarget specific companies’ users with personalized advertising. For running our business. We use personal information for billing, account management, invoicing, maintaining security and privacy, as well as other legitimate business interests. Demandbase’s use of information received and transferred via Google APIs adheres to Google API Services User Data Policy, including the Limited Use requirements documented at: https://developers.google.com/terms/api-services-user-data-policy#additional_requirements_for_specific_api_scopes . If your account on the Demandbase ABM Platform is managed by an administrator, that account administrator may have control with regards to how your account information is retained and deleted. Administrators are able to request the deactivation of an account made for you through your company. Cookies and Tracking Demandbase and our analytics/service providers use tracking pixels, tags, web beacons and cookies to collect information. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering sites and services, tracking users’ online movements and to gather demographic information about our user base. Our sites and services may include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and hosted apps that launch the social media sites. These features may collect your IP address, other device identifiers and which page you are visiting on our site and may set a cookie in order to enable the feature to function properly. Your interactions with social media features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. You can manage Cookies settings for this site here. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. For example, you may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page . Please note that disabling cookies may affect your ability to use certain parts of our website or services. We may use third party marketing cookies to help deliver ads relevant to your interests. These include: Facebook – you can learn more about Facebook cookies and how you can control them at https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/ .Google/Youtube – You can learn more about Google cookies and how you can control them at https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies .Hubspot – You can learn more about Hubspot cookies and how you can control them at https://legal.hubspot.com/cookie-policy . Disabling cookies does not mean you will not receive ads, it only means that ads may be less tailored to your organization’s interests. For more details, refer to the Demandbase Cookie Policy . Some browsers have incorporated “Do Not Track” (DNT) features. Demandbase does not respond to DNT signals. How We Share Personal Information We may share personal information with third parties as described below: Sharing with customers and partners.We share personal information with our customers and partners in order to provide services to our customers. Demandbase customers and other third parties may combine the personal information we share with additional data they have for their own marketing and sales purposes. Sharing to improve ad personalization. We share personal information to create targeting segments to enable organizations to better personalize advertising. Sharing for business purposes . We share personal information for our legitimate business needs. For example, we share information with third party vendors (such as marketing, billing or service providers), consultants, and other service providers who work on our behalf and need access to personal information to perform their work for us. Sharing for security. We may share personal information for security, fraud prevention, law and policy enforcement purposes, or enforcing our policies and terms, protecting rights, property and safety of individuals or other third parties. Sharing for marketing. Any information you volunteer for marketing purposes or otherwise, may be shared with the other third party(ies) or partner(s) mentioned when you provide such information. Disclosures required by law. In certain situations, we may be requested or required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Demandbase will disclose personal information where required to do so. Transfer to acquirer or successor entity. If Demandbase sells a substantial portion of its assets or is acquired, reorganized, merged into another entity, goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, it is likely that personal information will be one of the business assets transferred in connection with such activity. Sharing with your consent. We may share your personal information for any other purpose with your consent. If you have consented to a specific use of your personal information, you may revoke your consent for future use of your personal information for that purpose by contacting us through this form . Demandbase participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Demandbase’s identification number within the framework is 397. Demandbase processes personal data for ensuring security, preventing and detecting fraud, fixing errors and delivering and presenting advertising content on the basis of its legitimate interests. Demandbase has conducted a legitimate interest assessment and determined that the fundamental rights and freedoms of data subjects do not override the legitimate interests of maintaining security, preventing and detecting fraud, fixing errors and delivering and presenting advertising content. How We Protect Personal Information Demandbase takes reasonable and appropriate technical and organizational measures designed to protect and secure personal information and prevent its loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not always secure. Although we do our best to protect information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. Please review our Security Policy for additional details about how we protect personal information. How Long We Keep Personal Information Demandbase retains personal information for as long as necessary to provide its products and services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. Where We Process Personal Information Demandbase is a global business and may transfer, store, or process your personal information in a country outside your jurisdiction, including the United States or any country in which Demandbase and its agents and service providers have personnel or facilities. The United States and other countries may not have data protection laws that are as comprehensive or protective as those in your country; however, our collection, storage and use of your personal information will at all times be in accordance with this Privacy Notice. When Demandbase transfers personal information from the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Switzerland or the United Kingdom (“UK”) to another country, we implement an appropriate data transfer mechanism, like entering into standard contractual clauses approved by European data protection regulators, or take other measures to provide an adequate level of protection under EEA, Swiss or UK law.Your Rights For Everyone To exercise your privacy rights, please use this form . We will verify your identity when needed to comply with your request, which may include reviewing government identification, and may be unable to proceed with your request if we are not able to verify your identity. You have the right to request that we correct or otherwise amend your personal information. If you use Demandbase services, you may be able to correct your own personal information. If we process your personal information on behalf of one of our customers, we may ask that you work with the customer to amend your personal information. We may ask for adequate proof of the amended personal information before we make a requested change. When you participate in a call or online meeting that is being recorded, you have the right to request that we not record that call or meeting. Please make those requests to the call organizer before or during the call. During webinars or other events that must be recorded, please do not share personal information that you do not want other attendees to view in the chats, Q&A or similar features. When serving interest-based advertising to you, Demandbase includes the AdChoices icon from Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) and Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (“DAAC”) within such ads. This icon generally appears as in one of the corners of the ad and may be accompanied by text such as “AdChoices.” You can click on the icon to learn more about the ad and to opt-out of receiving ads from Demandbase in the future. Demandbase adheres to the DAA’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and the DAAC’s Canadian Self-Regulatory Principles for Interest-Based Advertising . To learn more about the DAA or DAAC and the AdChoices Icon, and to opt-out of interest-based advertising delivered by other participating companies, please visit the DAA webchoices page or the DAAC webchoices page . The DAA/DAAC opt-out requires the ability to set an opt-out cookie in your browser. Your opt-out choices only apply to the particular browser and device from which you have opted-out, and only to the applicable advertising channel. For example, you may still receive interest-based advertising in-app or email marketing if you opt-out via web browser cookies or otherwise not via cookies. Please note that if you delete, block or otherwise restrict cookies or change your cookie preferences, or if you use a different computer or Internet browser, you may need to renew your opt-out choice. If we send direct marketing emails to you, we will rely on the legitimate interests basis of processing and include an “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of all of our emails to allow you to object to our use of your personal information for direct marketing. Click the link to unsubscribe and Demandbase will remove you from future emails within a reasonable amount of time. California If you are a California resident If you are a California resident, the rights described in the “For Everyone” section above apply, and you may exercise these additional rights or designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. Once per calendar year, you may request that we disclose to you what “Personal Information” as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (referred to in a consolidated way as “CPRA”) we collect, use, disclose and sell, and the specific Personal Information we have collected about you in the prior 12 months. You have the right to request to know more details about the categories or specific pieces of Personal Information we collect (including how we use and disclose this Personal Information), to delete your Personal Information, to opt out of any “sales” (as defined in the CPRA) that may be occurring, and to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. To exercise these rights please use this form or call 1-888-914-9661 and use Demandbase PIN 239540. Demandbase will not sell (as such term is defined in the CPRA) the Personal Information we collect under the CPRA without providing a right to opt out. Please note that we use cookies for advertising and analytics purposes as further described in our Cookie Policy .California Privacy Rights Metrics For the period between 08 February 2022 and 31 December 2022: Number of CA requests to know: Received: 9Complied with in whole or in part: 7Denied due to lack of verification: 2Mean number of days within which we substantively responded: 5 Number of CA requests to delete: Received: 18Complied with in whole or in part: 17Denied due to lack of verification: 1Mean number of days within which we substantively responded: 5 Number of CA requests to opt out of sale: Received: 12Complied with in whole or in part: 11Denied due to lack of verification: 1Mean number of days within which we substantively responded: 5 Europe If you are in Europe These rights apply, in addition to the rights described in the “For Everyone” section above, if you are located in the EEA, Switzerland or the UK. If you are located in another country in Europe this section does not apply and your rights are described in the “For Everyone” section above. Subject to the exemptions under law, you may have the right to request access or delete your personal information. Under certain circumstances, you have the right to receive personal information that we process about you and transmit that information to another organization, i.e. , a right to data portability. You may also request that we restrict or block future processing of your personal information. Where we previously obtained your consent in order to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw that consent. If you would like to exercise any of your privacy rights, please use this form . We will validate these requests and carry out valid requests. If the request is not deemed valid, then we will share the reasons why it is not valid and your options for seeking resolution through a supervisory authority and through judicial remedy. You have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the data protection authority in the country where you are located. Personal Information of Children Demandbase does not direct Demandbase sites or services to children under age 16. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 16. If you believe that we may have collected personal information from someone under 16 without required consent, please contact us at privacy@demandbase.com Contact Us If you would like to exercise your privacy rights, please use this form . If you have questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Notice you may write to us at: Demandbase, Inc. Attn: Privacy 680 Folsom Street Suite 400 San Francisco, CA 94107 USA privacy@demandbase.com If you raise a concern regarding your personal information, we will take reasonable steps to investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints or disputes. To contact our Data Protection Officer, please email dpo@demandbase.com Demandbase has appointed an EU Representative to act on our behalf and serve as a direct contact for supervisory authorities and individuals in the European Union. If you are in the EU or EEA and would like to contact our EU Representative, please email: GDPRrepresentative@demandbase.com Changes to this Notice When we change this Privacy Notice, the updated terms will be available on this page and effective as of the date posted. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Past versions of the policy will be archived and available here We have updated our Privacy Notice. Please click here for details. Cookie Settings About Cookies On This Site We use cookies and other technologies to tailor your experience, understand how visitors use our site, and identify marketing leads. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device for those purposes. For more information, see our Cookie Policy Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored Privacy Preference Center User ID: Timestamp: Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are essential for our website and services to perform basic functions and are necessary for us to operate certain features. These include those required to allow registered users to authenticate and perform account-related functions, store preferences set by users such as account name, language, and location, and ensure our services are operating properly. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but consequently some parts of the website may not work. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to optimize performance by collecting information on how users interact with our website, including which pages are visited most, as well as other analytical data. We use these details to improve how our website functions and to understand how users interact with it. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our website, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies are set by us and our advertising partners to provide you with relevant content and to understand the content’s effectiveness. They may be used to collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites to predict your preferences and to display more relevant advertisements to you. These cookies also allow a profile to be built about you and your interests and enable personalized ads to be shown to you based on your profile. If you do not allow these cookies, you will continue to receive advertising, but that advertising may be less tailored to your organization’s interests. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label View CookiesPrivacy Policy Your privacy is critically important to us. At Automattic, we have a few fundamental principles: We are thoughtful about the personal information we ask you to provide and the personal information that we collect about you through the operation of our services.We store personal information for only as long as we have a reason to keep it.We aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what information on your website is shared publicly (or kept private), indexed by search engines, and permanently deleted.We help protect you from overreaching government demands for your personal information. We aim for full transparency on how we gather, use, and share your personal information. Below is our Privacy Policy, which incorporates and clarifies these principles. Who We Are and What This Policy Covers Howdy! We are the folks behind a variety of products and services designed to allow anyone — from bloggers, to photographers, small business owners, and enterprises — to take full advantage of the power and promise of the open web. Our mission is to democratize publishing and commerce so that anyone with a story can tell it, and anyone can turn their great idea into a livelihood. We believe in powering the open internet with code that is open source and are proud to say that the vast majority of our work is available under the General Public License (“GPL”). Unlike most other services, because our GPL code is public, you can actually download and take a look at that code to see how it works. This Privacy Policy applies to information that we collect about you when you use: Our websites (including automattic.com, wordpress.com, jetpack.com, woocommerce.com, crowdsignal.com, gravatar.com, intensedebate.com, vaultpress.com, akismet.com, simplenote.com, simperium.com, leandomainsearch.com, cloudup.com, longreads.com, atavist.com, mailpoet.com, automatewoo.com, jetpackcrm.com, happy.tools, wpcourses.com, wpscan.com, newspack.pub, and wp.cloud);Our mobile applications (including the WordPress mobile app for Android and iOS);Our other Automattic products, services, and features that are available on or through our websites (for example, WordPress.com plans, the Payments feature, the Pay with PayPal block, WordPress.com, Jetpack, the WooCommerce Shipping & Tax extension, Gravatar, the IntenseDebate comment management system, Akismet plans, Simplenote, Simperium, Cloudup, Longreads, MailPoet, AutomateWoo, Jetpack CRM, Happy Tools, WordPress.com Courses, WPScan and Newspack); and Other users’ websites that use our Services, while you are logged in to your account with us. This Privacy Policy also applies to information we collect when you apply for a job at Automattic or one of our subsidiaries. Throughout this Privacy Policy we’ll refer to our websites, mobile applications, and other products and services collectively as “Services.” And if you’d like to learn more about which Automattic company is the controller of information about you, take a look at the section below on Controllers and Responsible Companies . Please note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any of our products or services, like Tumblr, that have a separate privacy policy. Below we explain how we collect, use, and share information about you, along with the choices that you have with respect to that information. Creative Commons Sharealike License We’ve decided to make this Privacy Policy available under a Creative Commons Sharealike license. You can grab a copy of this Privacy Policy and other legal documents on GitHub . You’re more than welcome to copy it, adapt it, and repurpose it for your own use. Just make sure to revise the language so that your policy reflects your actual practices. If you do use it, we’d appreciate a credit and link to Automattic somewhere on your site. Information We Collect We only collect information about you if we have a reason to do so — for example, to provide our Services, to communicate with you, or to make our Services better. We collect this information from three sources: if and when you provide information to us, automatically through operating our Services, and from outside sources. Let’s go over the information that we collect. Information You Provide to Us It’s probably no surprise that we collect information that you provide to us directly. Here are some examples: Basic account information: We ask for basic information from you in order to set up your account. For example, we require individuals who sign up for a WordPress.com account to provide an email address and password, along with a username or name — and that’s it. You may provide us with more information — like your address and other information you want to share — but we don’t require that information to create a WordPress.com account. Public profile information: If you have an account with us, we collect the information that you provide for your public profile.For example, if you have a WordPress.com account, your username is part of that public profile, along with any other information you put into your public profile, like a photo or an “About Me” description. Your public profile information is just that — public — so please keep that in mind when deciding what information you would like to include. Payment and contact information: There are various ways in which you may provide us payment information and associated contact information. For example, if you buy something from us or earn revenue through your site, we’ll collect information to process those payments and contact you. If you buy something from us — a subscription to a WordPress.com plan, a premium theme, a custom domain , some Longreads swag — or if you pay fees to a person or business through their WordPress.com site (for example via the Payments feature or the Pay with PayPal block), you’ll provide additional personal and payment information like your name, credit card information, and contact information. We also keep a record of the purchases you’ve made. If you use our Ecommerce Services (including Store on WordPress.com, WooCommerce Shipping & Tax , and WooCommerce Payments), you’ll have to create a WordPress.com account or connect an existing account and, for some Services, provide your site URL. You may also provide us with financial details to set up a payments integration, like the email address for your Stripe or PayPal account or your bank account information. Additionally, if you use WooPay to make purchases on other sites, we will store the contact information and payment information you provide to that service. And if you participate in a revenue sharing opportunity for your site, like WordAds , you’ll provide some additional information — for example, a tax ID or other identifier so we can process payments to you. Business Profile: Some of our products collect additional information from you as part of creating a user/customer profile. For example, if you are a Jetpack CRM customer we may add you to our customer relationship database (powered by Jetpack CRM!) using information you provide us including your name, your employer, your job title or role, your contact information, and your communications with us. If you are a Happy Tools user, we use information you provide us like your timezone and location information, your company and team information, and your contact information, to set up your account and power the Service’s features. Content information: You might provide us with information about you in draft and published content (a blog post or comment that includes biographic information about you, or any media or files you upload). Credentials: Depending on the Services you use, you may provide us with credentials for your self-hosted website (like SSH, FTP, and SFTP username and password). Jetpack and VaultPress users may provide us with these credentials in order to use our one-click restore feature if there is a problem with their site, or to allow us to troubleshoot problems more quickly. Communications with us (hi there!): You may also provide us with information when you respond to surveys, communicate with our Happiness Engineers about a support question, post a question in our public forums, or sign up for a newsletter like the one we send through Longreads. When you communicate with us via form, email, phone, WordPress.com comment, or otherwise, we store a copy of our communications (including any call recordings as permitted by applicable law). Job applicant information: If you apply for a job with us — awesome! You may provide us with information like your name, contact information, resume or CV, professional or personal references, similar professional and employment-related data, and work authorization verification as part of the application process. We may also collect additional information about you during the process, like background and credit checks (in applicable jurisdictions and only for certain job roles). You may also provide us with demographic information when required by law or to support our diverse workplace initiatives, such as your gender, racial or ethnic origin, veteran status, and disability status if you voluntarily submit such information as part of your application. We collect demographic information in accordance with applicable law, and do not request demographic information in jurisdictions where it may be prohibited. We will only use this sensitive information to accommodate a disability or illness, comply with legal obligations, protect the health and safety of our employees, and facilitate our internal programs relating to diversity, inclusion, and anti-discrimination.Information We Collect Automatically We also collect some information automatically: Log information: Like most online service providers, we collect information that web browsers, mobile devices, and servers typically make available, including the browser type, IP address, unique device identifiers, language preference, referring site, the date and time of access, operating system, and mobile network information. We collect log information when you use our Services — for example, when you create or make changes to your website on WordPress.com. Transactional information: When you make a purchase through our Services, we collect information about the transaction, such as product details, purchase price, and the date and location of the transaction. This includes when you purchase something we sell or when you use our Services (like WooPay ) to buy something from a third party. Usage information: We collect information about your usage of our Services. For example, we collect information about the actions that site administrators and users perform on a site using our WordPress.com or Jetpack services — in other words, who did what and when (e.g., [WordPress.com username] deleted “[title of post]” at [time/date]). Our WooCommerce Usage Tracker also tracks information like your email address, WooCommerce settings, and PHP settings, along with information about your online store, like the aggregate number of orders and customers. We also collect information about what happens when you use our Services (e.g., page views, support document searches at en.support.wordpress.com, features enabled for your website, interactions with our Admin Bar and other parts of our Services) along with information about your device (e.g., screen size, name of cellular network, and mobile device manufacturer). We use this information to, for example, provide our Services to you, get insights on how people use our Services so we can make our Services better, and understand and make predictions about user retention. Location information: We may determine the approximate location of your device from your IP address. We collect and use this information to, for example, calculate how many people visit our Services from certain geographic regions. We may also collect information about your precise location via our mobile apps (like when you post a photograph with location information) if you allow us to do so through your mobile device operating system’s permissions. Stored information: We may access information stored on your mobile device via our mobile apps. We access this stored information through your device operating system’s permissions. For example, if you give us permission to access the photographs on your mobile device’s camera roll, our Services may access the photos stored on your device when you upload a really amazing photograph of the sunrise to your website. Interactions with other users’ sites: We collect some information about your interactions with other users’ sites while you are logged in to your account with us, such as your “Likes” and the fact that you commented on a particular post, so that we can, for example, recommend posts we think may interest you. As another example, we collect information about the comments IntenseDebate users make while logged in and use that information to, for example, tally up statistics about your comments (check them out in your dashboard!) and display information about your comments in your IntenseDebate public profile. Information from cookies & other technologies: A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Pixel tags (also called web beacons) are small blocks of code placed on websites and emails. Automattic uses cookies and other technologies like pixel tags to help us identify and track visitors, usage, and access preferences for our Services, as well as track and understand email campaign effectiveness and to deliver targeted ads. For more information about our use of cookies and other technologies for tracking, including how you can control the use of cookies, please see our Cookie Policy . Information We Collect from Other Sources We may also get information about you from other sources. For example: Third Party Login: If you create or log in to your WordPress.com account through another service (like Google) we’ll receive associated login information (e.g. a connection token, your username, your email address) Social Sharing Services: If you connect your website or account to a social media service (like Twitter) through our Publicize feature , we’ll receive information from that service (e.g., your username, basic profile information, friends list) via the authorization procedures for that service.Financial Account Info : If you use WooCommerce Payments, we’ll receive information relating to your Stripe account, such as your email address and phone number. If you use WooPay, we’ll receive your payment information from Stripe. Google Account Information: When you connect your Google account to your Newspack powered site, we may access certain Google user data such as your Google Ad Manager Configuration (the network code and your ad units) and your Google Analytics data to allow you to access and manage features more seamlessly. For example, you may be able to manage your Google ads and see your Google Analytics data directly within the dashboard of your Newspack powered site. The information we receive depends on which services you use or authorize and what options are available. Third-party services may also give us information, like mailing addresses for individuals who are not yet our users (but we hope will be!). We use this information for marketing purposes like postcards and other mailers advertising our Services. How and Why We Use Information Purposes for Using Information We use information about you for the purposes listed below: To provide our Services. For example, to set up and maintain your account, host your website, backup and restore your website, provide customer service, process payments and orders, and verify user information. To ensure quality, maintain safety, and improve our Services. For example, by providing automatic upgrades and new versions of our Services. Or, for example, by monitoring and analyzing how users interact with our Services so we can create new features that we think our users will enjoy and that will help them create and manage websites more efficiently or make our Services easier to use. To place and manage ads in our advertising program. For example, to place ads on our users’ sites and some of our own sites as part of our advertising program, and understand ad performance. To market our Services and measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our marketing. For example, by targeting our marketing messages to groups of our users (like those who have a particular plan with us or have been users for a certain length of time), advertising our Services, analyzing the results of our marketing campaigns (like how many people purchased a paid plan after receiving a marketing message), and understanding and forecasting user retention. To protect our Services, our users, and the public. For example, by detecting security incidents; detecting and protecting against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; fighting spam; complying with our legal obligations; and protecting the rights and property of Automattic and others, which may result in us, for example, declining a transaction or terminating Services. To fix problems with our Services. For example, by monitoring, debugging, repairing, and preventing issues. To customize the user experience. For example, to personalize your experience by serving you relevant notifications and advertisements for our Services, recommending content through our Reader post suggestions, and providing new essays and stories through Longreads for your reading pleasure. To communicate with you. For example, by emailing you to ask for your feedback, share tips for getting the most out of our products, or keep you up to date on Automattic; texting you to verify your payment; or calling you to share offers and promotions that we think will be of interest to you. If you don’t want to hear from us, you can opt out of marketing communications at any time. (If you opt out, we’ll still send you important updates relating to your account.) To recruit and hire new Automatticians. For example, by evaluating job applicants (including verifying their identity, experience, and other information submitted) and communicating with them by phone, email, or social media platforms. If the application progresses, we may also collect interview information and background check information. This may also include verifying information required to initiate employment, for purposes such as confirming ability to legally work in a specific location, setting up payroll, and complying with statutory reporting requirements.Legal Bases for Collecting and Using Information A note here for those in the European Union about our legal grounds for processing information about you under EU data protection laws, which is that our use of your information is based on the grounds that: (1) The use is necessary in order to fulfill our commitments to you under the applicable terms of service or other agreements with you or is necessary to administer your account — for example, in order to enable access to our website on your device or charge you for a paid plan; or (2) The use is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation; or (3) The use is necessary in order to protect your vital interests or those of another person; or (4) We have a legitimate interest in using your information — for example, to provide and update our Services; to improve our Services so that we can offer you an even better user experience; to safeguard our Services; to communicate with you; to measure, gauge, and improve the effectiveness of our advertising; and to understand our user retention and attrition; to monitor and prevent any problems with our Services; and to personalize your experience; or (5) You have given us your consent — for example before we place certain cookies on your device and access and analyze them later on, as described in our Cookie Policy . Sharing Information How We Share Information We share information about you in limited circumstances, and with appropriate safeguards on your privacy. These are spelled out below, as well as in the section called Ads and Analytics Services Provided by Others : Subsidiaries and independent contractors: We may disclose information about you to our subsidiaries and independent contractors who need the information to help us provide our Services or process the information on our behalf. We require our subsidiaries and independent contractors to follow this Privacy Policy for any personal information that we share with them. Third-party vendors: We may share information about you with third-party vendors who need the information in order to provide their services to us, or to provide their services to you or your site. This includes vendors that help us provide our Services to you (like Stripe, which powers WooCommerce Payments, payment providers that process your credit and debit card information, payment providers you use for your own ecommerce operations, fraud prevention services that allow us to analyze fraudulent payment transactions, cloud storage services, postal and email delivery services that help us stay in touch with you, customer chat and email support services that help us communicate with you, registrars, registries, data escrow services that allow us to provide domain registration services, and your hosting provider if your site is not hosted by Automattic); those that assist us with our marketing efforts (e.g., by providing tools for identifying a specific marketing target group or improving our marketing campaigns, and by placing ads to market our services); those that help us understand and enhance our Services (like analytics providers); those that make tools to help us run our operations (like programs that help us with task management, scheduling, word processing, email and other communications, and collaboration among our teams); other third-party tools that help us manage operations; and companies that make products available on our websites (like the extensions on WooCommerce.com), who may need information about you in order to, for example, provide technical or other support services to you. We require vendors to agree to privacy commitments in order to share information with them. Other vendors are listed in our more specific policies (e.g., our Cookie Policy ). Legal and regulatory requirements: We may disclose information about you in response to a subpoena, court order, or other governmental request. For more information on how we respond to requests for information about WordPress.com users, please see our Legal Guidelines . Additionally, if you have a domain registered with WordPress.com, we may share your information to comply with the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers’ (ICANN) regulations, rules, or policies. For example, your information relating to your domain registration may be available in the WHOIS database, or we may be required to share your information with ICANN-approved Dispute Resolution Service Providers. Please see our Domain Registrations and Privacy support document for more details. To protect rights, property, and others: We may disclose information about you when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Automattic, third parties, or the public at large. For example, if we have a good faith belief that there is an imminent danger of death or serious physical injury, we may disclose information related to the emergency without delay .Business transfers: In connection with any merger, sale of company assets, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company, or in the unlikely event that Automattic goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would likely be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. If any of these events were to happen, this Privacy Policy would continue to apply to your information and the party receiving your information may continue to use your information, but only consistent with this Privacy Policy. With your consent: We may share and disclose information with your consent or at your direction. For example, we may share your information with third parties when you authorize us to do so, like when you connected your site to a social media service through our Publicize feature. Aggregated or de-identified information: We may share information that has been aggregated or de-identified, so that it can no longer reasonably be used to identify you. For instance, we may publish aggregate statistics about the use of our Services, or share a hashed version of your email address to facilitate customized ad campaigns on other platforms. Site owners: If you have a WordPress.com account and interact with another site using our Services, your information may be shared with the administrators of the site. For example, if you leave a comment on a site created on WordPress.com or running Jetpack, your IP address and the email address associated with your WordPress.com account may be shared with the administrator(s) of the site where you left the comment. Or if you make a payment (like via the Payments feature ) to a site, your public display name, user name, and email address may be shared with the administrator(s) of the site. Or if you follow/subscribe to another WordPress.com site we will share your email address with the site owner. Published support requests: If you send us a request for assistance (for example, via a support email or one of our other feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish that request in order to clarify or respond to your request, or to help us support other users. Information Shared Publicly Information that you choose to make public is — you guessed it — disclosed publicly. That means information like your public profile, posts, other content that you make public on your website, and your “Likes” and comments on other websites are all available to others — and we hope they get a lot of views! For example, the photo that you upload to your public profile, or a default image if you haven’t uploaded one, is your lobally ecognized Avatar, or Gravatar — get it? :) Your Gravatar, along with other public profile information, displays alongside the comments and “Likes” that you make on other users’ websites while logged in to your WordPress.com account. Your Gravatar and public profile information may also display with your comments, “Likes,” and other interactions on websites that use our Gravatar service, if the email address associated with your account is the same email address you use on the other website. We also provide a “Firehose” stream of public data (like posts and comments) from some sites that use our Services to provide that data to Firehose subscribers, who may view and analyze the content (all subject to our Terms of Service), but do not have rights to re-publish it publicly. Find out more about opting out of the Firehose for WordPress.com and Jetpack sites. Public information may also be indexed by search engines or used by third parties. Please keep all of this in mind when deciding what you would like to share publicly. How Long We Keep Information We generally discard information about you when it’s no longer needed for the purposes for which we collect and use it — described in the section above on How and Why We Use Information — and we’re not legally required to keep it. For example, we keep web server logs that record information about a visitor to one of Automattic’s websites, like the visitor’s IP address, browser type, and operating system, for approximately 30 days. We retain the logs for this period of time in order to, among other things, analyze traffic to Automattic’s websites and investigate issues if something goes wrong on one of our websites. As another example, when you delete a post, page, or comment from your WordPress.com site, it stays in your Trash folder for thirty days in case you change your mind and would like to restore that content, because starting from scratch is no fun. After the thirty days are up, the deleted content may remain on our backups and caches until purged. If you are a job applicant, we will keep your personal data during the application process, and for a certain period thereafter.To determine that period, we take into account a number of factors, like our legal and regulatory obligations (such as equal opportunity obligations) and whether we may need to retain personal data for internal business purposes like analyzing our applicant pool. Security While no online service is 100% secure, we work very hard to protect information about you against unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction, and take reasonable measures to do so. We monitor our Services for potential vulnerabilities and attacks. To enhance the security of your account, we encourage you to enable our advanced security settings, like Two Step Authentication . Choices You have several choices available when it comes to information about you: Limit the information that you provide: If you have an account with us, you can choose not to provide the optional account information, profile information, and transaction and billing information. Please keep in mind that if you do not provide this information, certain features of our Services — for example, premium themes that carry an additional charge — may not be accessible. If you are a job applicant, and you choose not to provide certain data elements to us, we may not be able to proceed with the recruitment process. Limit access to information on your mobile device: Your mobile device operating system should provide you with the option to discontinue our ability to collect stored information or location information via our mobile apps. If you choose to limit this, you may not be able to use certain features, like geotagging for photographs. Opt out of marketing communications: You may opt out of receiving promotional communications from us. Just follow the instructions in those communications or let us know. If you opt out of promotional communications, we may still send you other communications, like those about your account and legal notices. Set your browser to reject cookies: At this time, Automattic does not respond to “do not track” signals across all of our Services. However, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies before using Automattic’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Automattic’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies. Opt out of our internal analytics program: You can do this through your user settings. By opting out, you will stop sharing information with our analytics tool about events or actions that happen after the opt-out, while you’re logged in to your WordPress.com account. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy . Close your account: While we’d be very sad to see you go, you can close your account if you no longer want to use our Services. ( Here are account closure instructions for WordPress.com accounts.) Please keep in mind that we may continue to retain your information after closing your account, as described in How Long We Keep Information above — for example, when that information is reasonably needed to comply with (or demonstrate our compliance with) legal obligations such as law enforcement requests, or reasonably needed for our legitimate business interests. Your Rights If you are located in certain parts of the world, including some US states and countries that fall under the scope of the European General Data Protection Regulation (aka the “GDPR”), you may have certain rights regarding your personal information, like the right to request access to or deletion of your data. European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) If you are located in a country that falls under the scope of the GDPR, data protection laws give you certain rights with respect to your personal data, subject to any exemptions provided by the law, including the rights to: Request access to your personal data;Request correction or deletion of your personal data;Object to our use and processing of your personal data;Request that we limit our use and processing of your personal data; andRequest portability of your personal data. You also have the right to make a complaint to a government supervisory authority. US Privacy Laws Laws in some US states, including California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia, require us to provide residents with additional information about the categories of personal information we collect and share, where we get that personal information, and how and why we use it. You’ll find that information in this section (if you are a California resident, please note that this is the Notice at Collection we are required to provide you under California law).In the last 12 months, we collected the following categories of personal information, depending on the Services used: Identifiers (like your name, contact information, and device and online identifiers);Commercial information (your billing information and purchase history, for example);Characteristics protected by law (for example, you might provide your gender as part of a research survey for us or you may choose to voluntarily disclose your race or veteran status as part of your job application);Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as your usage of our Services, like the actions you take as an administrator of a WordPress.com site); Geolocation data (such as your location based on your IP address);Audio, electronic, visual or similar information (such as your profile picture, if you uploaded one);Professional or employment-related information (for example, your company and team information if you are a Happy Tools user, or information you provide in a job application); andInferences we make (such as likelihood of retention or attrition). If you are a job applicant, we may have also collected: Education information, such as the education you disclose in your job application. You can find more information about what we collect and sources of that information in the Information We Collect section above. We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in the How and Why We Use Information section . And we share this information with the categories of third parties described in the Sharing Information section . We retain this information for the length of time described in our How Long We Keep Information section . In some US states you have additional rights subject to any exemptions provided by your state’s respective law, including the right to: Request a copy of the specific pieces of information we collect about you and, if you’re in California, to know the categories of personal information we collect, the categories of business or commercial purpose for collecting and using it, the categories of sources from which the information came, and the categories of third parties we share it with;Request deletion of personal information we collect or maintain;Request correction of personal information we collect or maintain; Opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information;Receive a copy of your information in a readily portable format; andNot receive discriminatory treatment for exercising your rights. You can find detailed metrics about Automattic’s compliance with these rights in our Privacy Report . Right to Opt Out We never directly sell your personal information in the conventional sense (i.e., for money). We may share your information as necessary with our third-party service providers to provide our services to you. To the extent that we share your information with certain advertising, marketing, or analytics vendors, this can be considered a “sale” or “share” in certain U.S. States, which you may have the right to opt out of. You can learn more about this sharing and how to opt out by clicking the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link in the footer of our websites, or from the settings page within our apps. Note that in some instances this link will only display to individuals visiting our sites from within the relevant states. Our opt-out is managed through cookies, so if you delete cookies, your browser is set to delete cookies automatically after a certain length of time, or if you visit sites in a different browser, you’ll need to make this selection again. We also respect the GPC browser signal and will treat it as a valid means of communicating your desire to opt out. We do not collect or process your sensitive (and potentially sensitive) personal information except where it is strictly necessary to provide you with our service, where the processing is not for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you, or for other purposes that do not require an option to limit under California law. We don’t knowingly sell or share personal information of those under 16. Your Information & Personalized Advertising Our mission is to democratize publishing and commerce, and that means making our Services accessible to as many people as possible. We show ads on some of our users’ sites as well as some of our own sites, and the revenue these ads generate lets us offer free access to some of our Services so that money doesn’t become an obstacle to having a voice. Our ads program also allows our users to earn revenue to support and grow their own sites. As part of our advertising program, we and our users do use cookies to share certain device identifiers and information about your browsing activities with our advertising partners, and those advertising partners may use that information to show you personalized ads on some of our users’ sites and some of our own.The personal information we share includes online identifiers; internet or other network or device activity (such as cookie information, other device identifiers, and IP address); and geolocation data (approximate location information from your IP address). These disclosures may be considered a “sale” or “share” of information under some US state privacy laws. We do not sell (or share) information through our ads program that identifies you personally, like your name or contact information. Learn how you can opt out by going to Advertising on WordPress.com Sites and Sites in the WordAds Program . Contacting Us About These Rights You can usually access, correct, or delete your personal data using your account settings and tools that we offer, but if you aren’t able to or you’d like to contact us about one of the other rights, scroll down to “ How to Reach Us ” to, well, find out how to reach us. When you contact us about one of your rights under this section, we’ll need to verify that you are the right person before we disclose or delete anything. For example, if you are a user, we will need you to contact us from the email address associated with your account. You can also designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf by giving us written authorization. We may still require you to verify your identity with us. Appeals Process for Rights Requests Denials In some circumstances we may deny your request to exercise one of these rights. For example, if we cannot verify that you are the account owner we may deny your request to access the personal information associated with your account. As another example, if we are legally required to maintain a copy of your personal information we may deny your request to delete your personal information. In the event that we deny your request, we will communicate this fact to you in writing. You may appeal our decision by responding in writing to our denial email and stating that you would like to appeal. All appeals will be reviewed by an internal expert who was not involved in your original request. In the event that your appeal is also denied this information will be communicated to you in writing. Please note that the appeal process does not apply to job applicants. If your appeal is denied, in some US states (Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia) you may refer the denied appeal to the state attorney general if you believe the denial is in conflict with your legal rights. The process for how to do this will be communicated to you in writing at the same time we send you our decision about your appeal. Controllers and Responsible Companies Automattic’s Services are worldwide. Different Automattic companies are the controller (or co-controller) of personal information, which means that they are the company responsible for processing that information, based on the particular service and the location of the individual using our Services. Depending on the Services you use, more than one company may be the controller of your personal data. Generally, the “controller” is the Automattic company that entered into the contract with you under the Terms of Service for the product or service you use. In addition, Automattic Inc., our US-based company, is the controller for some of the processing activities across all of our Services worldwide. The chart below explains the current controllers for processing your personal information. We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to Australia, Canada, Japan, Mexico, New Zealand, Russia, and all countries located in Europe (including the UK and ROI). All Automattic Services (except WooCommerce) If you reside outside of the Designated Countries: Automattic Inc. 60 29th Street #343 San Francisco, CA 94110 If you reside in the Designated Countries: Aut O’Mattic A8C Ireland Ltd. Grand Canal Dock, 25 Herbert Pl Dublin, D02 AY86 Ireland Automattic Inc. is also the controller for some of the processing activities related to Services provided by Aut O’Mattic A8C Ireland Ltd. WooCommerce Services WooCommerce Services includes WooCommerce, WooCommerce Payments, WooCommerce Shipping and Tax, MailPoet, and any products purchased from WooCommerce.com. If you reside outside of the Designated Countries: WooCommerce, Inc. 60 29th Street #343 San Francisco, CA 94110 Automattic Inc. is also the controller for some of the processing activities related to Services provided by WooCommerce, Inc. If you reside in the Designated Countries: WooCommerce Ireland Ltd. Grand Canal Dock, 25 Herbert Pl Dublin, D02 AY86 Ireland Automattic Inc and WooCommerce, Inc are also the joint controllers for some of the processing activities related to Services provided by WooCommerce Ireland Ltd. How to Reach Us If you have a question about this Privacy Policy, or you would like to contact us about any of the rights mentioned in the Your Rights section above, please contact us through our web form or via email .These are the fastest ways to get a response to your inquiry, but you can also contact us by telephone at 1-877-273-3049. Other Things You Should Know (Keep Reading!) Transferring Information Because Automattic’s Services are offered worldwide, the information about you that we process when you use the Services in the EU may be used, stored, and/or accessed by individuals operating outside the European Economic Area (EEA) who work for us, other members of our group of companies, or third-party data processors. This is required for the purposes listed in the How and Why We Use Information section above. When providing information about you to entities outside the EEA, we will take appropriate measures to ensure that the recipient protects your personal information adequately in accordance with this Privacy Policy as required by applicable law. These measures include entering into European Commission approved standard contractual arrangements with entities based in countries outside the EEA. You can ask us for more information about the steps we take to protect your personal information when transferring it from the EU. Ads and Analytics Services Provided by Others Ads appearing on any of our Services may be delivered by advertising networks. Other parties may also provide analytics services via our Services. These ad networks and analytics providers may set tracking technologies (like cookies) to collect information about your use of our Services and across other websites and online services. These technologies allow these third parties to recognize your device to compile information about you or others who use your device. This information allows us and other companies to, among other things, analyze and track usage, determine the popularity of certain content, and deliver ads that may be more targeted to your interests. Please note this Privacy Policy only covers the collection of information by Automattic and does not cover the collection of information by any third-party advertisers or analytics providers. Third-Party Software and Services If you’d like to use third-party plugins or embeds, WooCommerce Payments (powered by Stripe), WooCommerce extensions that enable services provided by third parties, or other third-party software or services, please keep in mind that interacting with them may mean providing information about yourself (or your site visitors) to those third parties. For example, some third-party services may request or require access to your (yours, your visitors’, or customers’) data via a pixel or cookie. Please note that if you use the third-party service or grant access, your data will be handled in accordance with the third party’s privacy policy and practices. We don’t own or control these third parties, and they have their own rules about information collection, use, and sharing, which you should review before using the software or services. Visitors to Our Users’ Websites We also process information about visitors to our users’ websites, on behalf of our users and in accordance with our user agreements. Please note that our processing of that information on behalf of our users for their websites isn’t covered by this Privacy Policy. We encourage our users to post a privacy policy that accurately describes their practices on data collection, use, and sharing of personal information. If you’d like, you can also read more about the data we collect on behalf of our users in our Privacy Notice . Users control the content posted on their sites, so any disputes regarding content on a user’s site should be made directly to the site owner, through their “contact us” page, at an email address they provide, or by leaving a comment on the site. Privacy Policy Changes Although most changes are likely to be minor, Automattic may change its Privacy Policy from time to time. Automattic encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the change log below, and, in some cases, we may provide additional notice (like adding a statement to our homepage or the WordPress.com Blog, or sending you a notification through email or your dashboard). Your further use of the Services after a change to our Privacy Policy will be subject to the updated policy. Other Information and Resources Translation Our Privacy Policy was originally written in English (US). We may translate it into other languages. For example: In the event of a conflict between a translated version of our Privacy Policy and the English version, the English version will control. That’s it! Thanks for reading. Change log July 12, 2023: Add new example of information shared with site owners. March 17, 2023: Remove references to WPVIP. December 30, 2022: Updated the California rights section to apply to additional US states. October 18, 2022 : Added wp.cloud to the list of our websites.April 26, 2022: Included information regarding WooPay. November 22, 2021: Included information for WPScan. October 8, 2021: Included information for WordPress.com Courses and Newspack. Updated the “Information we Collect from Other Sources” section with new examples. January 1, 2021 : Included information for AutomateWoo and Jetpack CRM. Updated the “Controllers and Responsible Companies” section to reflect changes affecting WooCommerce users. December 7, 2020: Included information for MailPoet. October 12, 2020 : Renamed WooCommerce Services to WooCommerce Shipping & Tax. August 1, 2020 : Renamed some Payments features and updated the “Controllers and Responsible Companies” section to reflect changes affecting WooCommerce users. February 21, 2020: Updated for WooCommerce Payments and added a new section: “Other Information and Resources.” December 31, 2019 : Updated for California Consumer Privacy Act and miscellaneous clarification throughout. October 2, 2019: A few miscellaneous changes, such as new sections about translations of this Privacy Policy and how to opt out of our internal analytics program. May 31, 2019: Included information for the Recurring Payments feature. April 1, 2019: Included information for Happy Tools. March 13, 2019: Added clarifications and additional details to existing sections, for example about ICANN policies and what we may store when you communicate with us. February 1, 2019: Included information for Longreads and additional information regarding Longreads accounts. November 6, 2018: Removed references to Polldaddy, which has been rebranded as Crowdsignal. September 24, 2018: Included information for Simplenote, Simperium, Cloudup, and Lean Domain Search. May 25, 2018: Added more specific information to help clarify our practices, included information for Crowdsignal and Woocommerce.com services, and added information to reflect the requirements of the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation. January 3, 2018: Revised and reorganized language throughout to help simplify the policy and clarify our practices. August 22, 2017: Added “Information We Collect from Other Sources” section. November 2, 2016 : Added that comments submitted as missed spam are retained by Akismet to improve future performance. February 18, 2015: Updated Creative Commons license from 2.5 to 4.0. September 18, 2013: Added that blog commenter email addresses are disclosed to administrators of the blog where the comment was left. February 1, 2011: Clarified subpoena language and added Business Transfers paragraph. January 3, 2011: Added court order and subpoena clarification. July 1, 2010: Revised paragraph about IP addresses to explain when they are collected and that commenter IPs are visible to blog administrators. October 29, 2009: Added Comments paragraph to explain Akismet comment storage policy. March 10, 2009: Added Ads paragraph to alert users that ads from third parties may use cookies. Sections © Automattic Inc., purveyors of fine blogging and site-building services since 2005. Thank you for your time. CustomizePrivacy Information Learn how Salesforce is responding to the new SCCs in Salesforce's FAQ about transfers of personal data Learn more Learn about our commitment to privacy Resources in respect of how we protect our customer's data as a processor Resources in respect of how we protect data as a controller COMPLIANCE CONTACT INFORMATION To exercise your rights relating to your personal data, or if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please fill out this form , or email us at privacy@salesforce.com. For more information about contacting us, see the “Contacting Us” section below. Privacy Statement Highlights Important information Responsible Salesforce entity Purposes for which we process Personal Data We collect and process Personal Data for a variety of purposes, including: to provide our websites and social media branded pages;to display personalized advertisements and content;to manage event registrations and attendance (including ensuring the health and safety of our visitors and employees); to send communications;to handle contact and user support requests;to provide and optimize the performance of our services; to bill for our services and manage our accounts (including usage and licensing compliance); to maintain the security of Salesforce and its services;to administer surveys and conduct research; andto comply with our legal obligations. For the list of purposes for which we Process your Personal Data, please see the full Privacy Statement We only collect and process your Personal Data to the extent it is necessary for fulfilling these purposes and where we can rely on a legal basis for such processing as set out in our full Privacy Statement. Where required, we will ask you for your prior consent to processing. Please review the "What Personal Data do we collect?" and "Purposes for which we process Personal Data and the legal bases on which we rely" sections in our full Privacy Statement for further details. Also, please review the "How long do we keep your Personal Data?" section to learn how long we store your Personal Data. Who do we share Personal Data with? We may share Personal Data with various parties, including: Our contracted service providers that process Personal Data on our behalf for IT and system administration, credit card processing, research and analytics, marketing, customer support and data enrichment;Affiliates within our current or future corporate group that process Personal Data for customer support, marketing, event management, technical operations and account management;If you are using our services as an authorized user, with the Salesforce customer responsible for your access to the services for verifying your account, and reviewing compliance with our usage terms and policies; Sponsors of events, webinar or contests for which you register;Third-party networks and websites so that we can advertise on their platforms;Specifically in relation to our AppExchange website, with our third-party partners who may contact you regarding their products or services; andProfessional advisers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services. Please review the "Who do we share Personal Data with" section in our full Privacy Statement for the full list and more detailed information. International transfer of Personal Data Your Personal Data may be collected, transferred to and stored by us in the United States and by our affiliates and third parties (as disclosed in the full Privacy Statement) in other countries. Therefore, your Personal Data may be processed outside your country or jurisdiction, including in places that may not provide the same level of protection. As described in the "International transfer of Personal Data" section of our full Privacy Statement, we have implemented safeguards to ensure an adequate level of protection where your Personal Data is transferred.Your rights relating to your Personal Data You have certain rights relating to your Personal Data, subject to local data protection laws. Depending on the applicable laws, these rights may include the right to: Access your Personal Data held by us;Know more about how we process your Personal Data;Rectify inaccurate Personal Data and, taking into account the purpose of processing the Personal Data, ensure it is complete;Erase or delete your Personal Data;Restrict our processing of your Personal Data;Transfer your Personal Data to another controller, to the extent possible;Object to any processing of your Personal Data;Opt out of certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties; Know what categories of Personal Data are shared for delivering advertisements on non Salesforce websites, applications, and services and the categories of recipients of such Personal Data;Opt out of the sharing of your Personal Data for delivering advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications, and services;If you’re under the age of 16, or such other applicable age of consent for privacy purposes in relevant individual jurisdictions, opt in to certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties; Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects;Withdraw your consent at any time (to the extent we base processing on consent); and Not be discriminated against for exercising your rights as described above. For more details on your rights and choices and how to exercise them, please review the "Your rights relating to your Personal Data" section in our full Privacy Statement. Contacting us To exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, or if you have questions regarding our privacy practices, please fill out this form , email us at privacy@salesforce.com or datasubjectrequest@salesforce.com , call us at 1-844-287-7147 or write to us at: Salesforce Data Protection Officer (Salesforce Privacy Team) (and in India, a Grievance Officer) 415 Mission St., 3rd Floor San Francisco, CA 94105, USA When you contact us, please indicate in which country and/or state you reside. If you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are located in the EEA or the UK, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. If you work or reside in a country that is a member of the European Union or that is in the EEA, you may find the contact details for your appropriate data protection authority on the following website . Privacy Privacy Statement Salesforce Privacy Statement, effective as of July 24, 2023 1. Responsible Salesforce entity Salesforce, Inc. and/or its affiliated entities (“Salesforce, “we”, “us”, or the “Company”) are responsible for the processing of your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Statement, unless specified otherwise, and act as the controller of such Personal Data. A list of Salesforce’s affiliates can be found in the List of Subsidiaries section of Salesforce’s most recent Form 10-K, available under the SEC Filings tab by selecting the “Annual Filings” filter on the page located here . This Privacy Statement does not apply to the extent we process Personal Data in the role of a processor or service provider on behalf of our customers, including where we offer to our customers various products and services through which our customers (or their affiliates): (i) create their own websites and applications running on our platforms; (ii) sell or offer their own products and services; (iii) send electronic communications to others; or (iv) otherwise collect, use, share or process Personal Data via our products and services. For detailed privacy information related to a Salesforce customer or a customer affiliate who uses Salesforce products and services as the controller, please contact our customer directly. We are not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of our customers, which may differ from those explained in this Privacy Statement. For more information, please also see Section 10.3 below. 2.Processing activities covered This Privacy Statement applies to the processing of Personal Data collected by us when you: Visit our websites that display or link to this Privacy Statement;Visit our branded social media pages;Visit our offices;Receive communications from us or otherwise communicate with us, including but not limited to emails, phone calls, texts or faxes;Use our products and services where we act as a controller of your Personal Data;Register for, attend or take part in our events, webinars, programs, trainings, certifications or contests;Act as or work for a service provider or supplier to Salesforce, to the extent Salesforce acts as a controller with respect to your Personal Data; Are employed by a customer of our products and services where your information has been shared with us in our capacity as a controller (for example, during the contracting process); Participate in a Salesforce community such as that focused on open source development; orParticipate in surveys, research or other similar data collection facilitated by us. We also host several online marketplaces such as AppExchange, which is an online marketplace for on-demand web applications that run on the Salesforce platform and that may be provided by us or by third parties (see https://appexchange.salesforce.com/ ), Tableau’s Extension Gallery ( https://extensiongallery.tableau.com ) which offers connectors and solutions that provide additional functionality for Tableau, such as dashboard extensions, and the Slack App Directory ( https://tinyspeck.slack.com/apps ), which offers number applications that integrate with Slack. When applications, connectors, extensions or other solutions are provided by us and they link to this Privacy Statement, this Privacy Statement applies. When these offerings are provided by third parties, the privacy statement of the third party applies and this Privacy Statement does not. Our websites and services may contain links to other websites, applications, platforms and services maintained by third parties. The information practices of these third parties, including the social media platforms that host our branded social media pages, are governed by their privacy statements, which you should review to better understand their privacy practices In some circumstances, we also collect, or our partners provide us with, publicly available information which may contain Personal Data that you have published or that has been made available online. The way in which our partners collect this is detailed in their own privacy policies, available on their websites. 3. What Personal Data do we collect? 3.1 Personal Data we collect directly from you The Personal Data we collect directly from you may include identifiers, professional or employment-related information, financial account information, commercial information, visual information, and internet activity information, among others.We may collect such information in the following situations: Situations Categories of Personal Data If you express an interest in obtaining additional information about our services; request customer support (including accessing the Help & Training Portal); use our “Contact Us” or similar features; register to use our websites or to receive communications; sign up for an event, webinar or contest; participate in a program, training, certification or survey; use our products and services; download certain content; or are employed by a customer of our products and services where your information has been shared with us Contact information, such as your name, job title, company name, address, phone number, email address, username and password, other information you have voluntarily chosen to share If you make purchases via our websites or register for an event or webinar Contact information, financial and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number or bank account information If you attend an event Attendee badge information which may include name, title, company name, address, country, phone number and email address, image and video If you give your explicit consent and only for specified events, your biometric information, such as an image of your facial features for identification purposes During the Covid-19 pandemic, this may also include health status, including your temperature, COVID-19-related symptoms, exposure to COVID-19 positive individuals, vaccination status, testing results, and recent travel history If you register with us for a variety of purposes, including joining a community that we host or participating in a program, training or certification Username, photo, video or other biographical information, such as your occupation, location, social media profiles or usernames, company name, areas of expertise and interests If you interact with our websites or emails Information about your device and your usage of our websites or emails (such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or other identifiers), which may qualify as Personal Data (please see Section 4 below) using cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies If you use and interact with our products and services Information about your device and your usage of our services through log files and other technologies, some of which may qualify as Personal Data (including Usage Data) (please see Section 4 below) If you communicate with us via a phone call If you communicate with us via a phone call If you visit our offices Name, email address, phone number, company name, time and date of arrival, image or video During the Covid-19 pandemic, this may also include health status, including your temperature, COVID-19-related symptoms, exposure to COVID-19 positive individuals, vaccination status, testing results, and recent travel history If you voluntarily submit certain information to us, such as filling out a survey, responding to a questionnaire or participating in other forms of research Information you have provided as part of that request, which may include Personal Data and special categories of Personal Data, to the extent you voluntarily choose to provide it If you are a supplier or service provider to Salesforce (or work for a supplier or service provider) Contact information, payment and billing information If you provide us, our service providers or our affiliates with any Personal Data relating to other individuals, you represent that you have the authority to do so, and where required, have obtained the necessary consent, and acknowledge that it may be used in accordance with this Privacy Statement. If you believe that your Personal Data has been provided to us improperly, or want to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below. 3.2 Personal Data we collect from other sources We also collect information about you from other sources including partners from whom we collect or purchase Personal Data or who provide us with publicly available information which may contain Personal Data. We may combine this information with Personal Data provided by you. Provision of the services: The Personal Data we collect to provide our products and services may include information you have made publicly available online (such as when using social media sites) or that is published by third parties and contains information about you (such as news articles). For a select number of services, we collect this Personal Data from partners who may receive this data when you visit or use their services or through the third parties they work with.In addition, the Personal Data we collect to provide our products and services may include location information from third parties, which helps us offer features like identity management and multi-factor authentication.Advertising: The Personal Data we collect from other sources for the purposes of tailored advertising includes identifiers, professional or employment-related information, education information, commercial information, visual information, internet activity information, and inferences about preferences and behaviors. We, collect this from third party providers of business contact information, including mailing addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, intent data (or user behavior data), IP addresses, social media profiles, LinkedIn URLs and custom profiles for purposes of targeted advertising, delivering relevant email content, event promotion and profiling, determining eligibility and verifying contact information. This helps us update, expand, and analyze our records, identify new customers, and create more tailored advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you. Additional sources: In addition to the aforementioned, we collect Personal Data from the following sources: Another individual at your organization who may provide us with your personal information, which may include Personal Data and special categories of Personal Data, to the extent you consent to providing it and sharing it, for the purposes of obtaining services and assessing our goals related to encouraging diversity within our vendors; and Platforms such as GitHub to manage code check-ins and pull requests. If you participate in an open-source or community development project, we may associate your code repository username with your community account so we can inform you of program changes that are important to your participation or relate to additional security requirements. Only where necessary for security purposes, we may collect information that is publicly available online (such as accessible through search engines or public social media sites), as well as images, physical descriptions and other pertinent information necessary to address a credible security threat to our employees, events or premises. 4. What Device and Usage Data do we process? We use common information-gathering tools, such as tools for collecting data, cookies, web beacons, pixels, and similar technologies to collect information that may contain Personal Data as you navigate our websites, our services, or interact with emails we have sent to you. 4.1 Device and Usage Data As is true of most websites, we gather certain device information when individual users visit our websites. This information may include (i) identifiers, such as user ID, organization ID, username, email address and user type; (ii) commercial information; and (iii) internet activity information such as IP address (or proxy server information), device and application information, identification numbers, location,browser type, Internet service provider or mobile carrier, user interactions such as the pages and files viewed, website and webpage interactions including searches and other actions you take, operating system type and version, system configuration information, date and time stamps associated with your usage and details of which of our products and product versions you are using. This information is used for the purposes set out in section 5 of this Privacy Statement below. In addition, we gather certain information automatically as part of your use of our products and services (“Usage Data”).. This information may include identifiers, commercial information, and internet activity information such as IP address (or proxy server), mobile device number, device and application identification numbers, location, browser type, Internet service provider or mobile carrier, the pages and files viewed, website and webpage interactions including searches and other actions you take, operating system type and version, system configuration information, date and time stamps associated with your usage and details of which of our products and product versions you are using. This information is used for the purposes set out in detail in section 5 of this Privacy Statement below. In addition, we may use aggregated Usage Data for other internal business purposes, such as to identify additional customer opportunities and to ensure that we are meeting the demands of our customers and their users. Please note that this Usage Data is primarily used to identify the uniqueness of each user logging on (as opposed to specific individuals), apart from where it is strictly required to identify an individual for security purposes or as required as part of our provision of the services to our customers. For more information regarding Tableau specifically, please see here and here . When data is used for controller purposes, Slack may refer to the aforementioned categories of personal data as Other Information within Slack’s websites.4.2 Cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies on our website and in email communications We use technologies such as web beacons, pixels, tags, and JavaScript, alone or in conjunction with cookies, to gather information about the use of our websites and how people interact with our emails. When you visit our websites, we, or an authorized third party, may place a cookie on your device that collects information, including Personal Data, about your online activities over time and across different sites. Cookies allow us to track use, infer browsing preferences, and improve and customize your browsing experience. We use both session-based and persistent cookies on our websites. Session-based cookies exist only during a single session and disappear from your device when you close your browser or turn off the device. Persistent cookies remain on your device after you close your browser or turn your device off. To change your cookie settings and preferences for one of our websites, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page. You can also control the use of cookies on your device, but choosing to disable cookies on your device may limit your ability to use some features on our websites and services. We also use web beacons and pixels on our websites and in emails. For example, we may place a pixel in a marketing email that notifies us when you click on a link in the email. We use these technologies to operate and improve our websites and marketing emails. – please see more details in the “Advertising Cookies” row in the table below. For instructions on how to unsubscribe from our marketing emails, please see Section 10.4 below. The following describes how we use different categories of cookies and similar technologies and your options for managing the data collection settings of these technologies: Required cookies Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, authentication cookies, and security cookies. If you have chosen to identify yourself to us, we may place on your browser a cookie that allows us to uniquely identify you when you are logged into the websites and to process your online transactions and requests. Because required cookies are essential to operate the websites, there is no option to opt out of these cookies. Functional cookies Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyze site traffic, cookies used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not directed to a particular individual. Functional cookies may also be used to improve how our websites function and to help us provide you with more relevant communications, including marketing communications. These cookies collect information about how our websites are used, including which pages are viewed most often. We may use our own technology or third-party technology to track and analyze usage information to provide enhanced interactions and more relevant communications, and to track the performance of our advertisements. Salesforce may also use HTML5 local storage or Flash cookies for the above-mentioned purposes. These technologies differ from browser cookies in the amount and type of data they store, and how they store it. We need your prior consent to use functional cookies. To change your cookie settings and preferences, including those for functional cookies, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page. To learn how to control functional cookies via your individual browser settings, click here . To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click here Advertising cookies Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests and to direct marketing to them. We sometimes use cookies delivered by us or by third parties to show you ads for our products that we think may interest you on devices you use and to track the performance of our advertisements. For example, these cookies collect information such as which browser you used when visiting our websites. Salesforce also contracts with third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other information from web beacons on our websites, from emails and on third-party websites. Advertising networks follow your online activities over time and across different websites or other online services by collecting certain data through automated means, including through the use of cookies. These technologies may recognize you across the different devices you use. When we work with third party advertising networks, we require them to restrict their data processing to only what is necessary to provide us with the advertising services we request. We need your prior consent to use of targeting and advertising cookies.To change your cookie settings and preferences, including those for targeting and advertising cookies, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page. See Section 4.3, below, to learn more about these and other advertising networks and your ability to opt out of collection by certain third parties. For more information about Tableau and Slack’s use of cookies specifically, please see the Tableau Cookie Policy and the Slack Cookie Policy . 4.3 Notices on behavioral advertising and opt-out for website visitors As described above, we or one of our authorized partners may place or read cookies on your device when you visit our websites for the purpose of serving you targeted advertising (also referred to as “online behavioral advertising” or “interest-based advertising”). To learn more about targeted advertising and advertising networks, please visit the opt-out pages of the Network Advertising Initiative, here , and the Digital Advertising Alliance, here . To opt-out of targeted advertising that is provided to us and to third parties by Salesforce Audience Studio, click here . To manage the use of targeting and advertising cookies on this website, click the Cookie Preferences link in the footer of the page or consult your individual browser settings for cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click here . Various browsers may also offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 local storage. 4.4 Opt-Out from the setting of cookies on your individual browser In addition to using the user preference center, in many cases you may opt-out from the collection of non-essential device data on your web browser (see Section 4.1 above) by managing your cookies at the browser or device level. In addition, if you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising, click here (or, if located in the European Union or United Kingdom, click here ). To opt-out of targeted advertising that is provided to us and to third parties by Salesforce Audience Studio, click here . Please note, however, that by blocking or deleting cookies and similar technologies used on our websites, you may not be able to take full advantage of the websites. While some internet browsers offer a “do not track” or “DNT” option that lets you tell websites that you do not want to have your online activities tracked, these features are not yet uniform and there is no common standard adopted by industry groups, technology companies, or regulators. Therefore, we do not currently commit to responding to browsers’ DNT signals with respect to our websites. Salesforce takes privacy and meaningful choice seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor developments around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard. 4.5 Social Media Features Our websites may use social media features, such as the “Tweet” button and other sharing widgets (“Social Media Features”). Social Media Features may allow you to post information about your activities on our website to outside platforms and social networks. Social Media Features may also allow you to like or highlight information we have posted on our website or our branded social media pages. Social Media Features are either hosted by each respective platform or hosted directly on our website. To the extent the Social Media Features are hosted by the platforms themselves, and you click through to these from our websites, the platform may receive information showing that you have visited our websites. If you are logged in to your social media account, it is possible that the respective social media network can link your visit to our websites with your social media profile. Salesforce also allows you to log in to certain of our websites using sign-in services. These services authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain Personal Data from these services with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign-up form. Your interactions with Social Media Features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies providing them. 4.6 Telephony log information If you use certain features of our services on a mobile device, we may also collect telephony log information (like phone numbers, time and date of calls, duration of calls, SMS routing information and types of calls), device event information (such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser language), and location information (through IP address, GPS, and other sensors that may, for example, provide us with information on nearby devices, Wi-Fi access points and cell towers). 5.Purposes for which we process Personal Data and the legal bases on which we rely We collect and process your Personal Data (including, where legally permissible, special categories of Personal Data) for the following purposes and relying on the following legal bases: Purpose Description Legal basis Providing our websites (including our social media pages) We process your Personal Data to operate and administer our websites and to provide you with the content you access and request Our legitimate interest in providing online content to our customers and prospective customers regarding our service offering and related information Improving our websites We process your Personal Data to analyze overall trends and help us improve the user experience on our websites Our legitimate interest in providing a relevant and well-functioning website for the benefit of our website visitors Promoting the security of our websites We process your Personal Data by tracking use of our websites and verifying and investigating activity Our legitimate interest in promoting the safety and security of our websites and in protecting our rights and the rights of others Displaying personalized advertisements and content We process your Personal Data to conduct market research, advertise to you, provide personalized information about us on and off our websites and to provide other personalized content based upon your activities and interests Our legitimate interest in advertising our products and services or, where necessary, to the extent you have provided your prior consent Please see Section 10 below, to learn how you can control the processing of your Personal Data by Salesforce for personalized advertising purposes Registering visitors We process your Personal Data, including registration information and associated non-disclosure information, for security reasons Our legitimate interest in protecting our offices, staff, visitors and our confidential information against unauthorized access Managing event registrations and attendance We process your Personal Data to plan and host events or webinars for which you have registered or that you attend, including sending related communications to you Where you explicitly consent, we also may process your biometric Personal Data to facilitate event registration and for security reasons Performance of a contract or where we receive your explicit consent Ensuring the health of our visitors and employees We process your Personal Data (which may include special categories of Personal Data) (where legally permitted) during office visits and at events during the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure the health and safety of our visitors and employees Consent and explicit consent or in our legitimate interest to ensure the health of our employees and visitors where necessary for reasons of public interest in the area of public health Ensuring the safety and security of our employees, events and premises We process your Personal Data where necessary based on a credible threat to our employees, events or premises Our legitimate interest in protecting our employees, events and premises Sending communications We process your Personal Data to send you marketing information, product recommendations and other non-transactional communications (e.g., marketing newsletters, telemarketing calls, SMS or push notifications, information about our products, news or events) about us, our affiliates and partners Our legitimate interest in conducting direct marketing or where you have provided your prior consent (please see Section 10 below to learn how you can control the processing of your Personal Data by Salesforce for marketing purposes) Recording phone calls We process your Personal Data, including recording phone calls (in accordance with applicable laws) for training, quality assurance, and administration purposes If required under applicable law, we will give you the option to object to a call being recorded Consent or our legitimate interest in maintaining the high quality of our phone calls with users Handling contact and user support requests We process your Personal Data, if you fill out a “Contact Me” web form or request user support, or if you contact us by other means including but not limited to via phone Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in fulfilling your requests and communicating with you Providing our services We process your Personal Data to perform our contract with you for the provision of our services and to satisfy our obligations under the applicable terms of use Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest to provide and administer our services Developing and optimizing the performance of the services We process your Personal Data to develop, optimize, and improve the performance of the services Legitimate interest to develop services and ensure that the services are performing in line with customer expectations; if special categories of Personal Data are processed, where the Personal Data is manifestly made public by the data subject Providing personalized interactions We process your Personal Data to customize our interactions with you Legitimate interest to offer the best-in class services to our customers Managing our customer and user accounts We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) to manage customer and user accounts generally, such as billing, customer correspondence and customer relationship management Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in the management of customer and user accounts Managing usage and licensing compliance We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) to assess and manage usage and licensing compliance with the applicable terms of use of our services Necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in managing the provision of our services to customers Preparing internal reports and business modeling We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) for internal reporting and business modeling purposes (e.g., forecasting, revenue, capacity planning, product strategy) Our legitimate interest in the management of our business operations Maintaining our security We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of maintaining Salesforce’s own security, including investigating, detecting and preventing suspicious activity, fraud and cybercrime that may affect Salesforce or its services Our legitimate interest in promoting the safety and security of Salesforce generally and to protect our rights and the rights of others Managing compensation for employees We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of determining compensation for Salesforce employees, such as commission Necessary for the performance of a contract with an employee or our legitimate interest in fairly compensating our employees Undertaking financial reporting We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of financial reporting Our legitimate interest in meeting our obligations associated with the reporting of our finances Aggregating data We process your Personal Data (including your Usage Data) for the purposes of aggregating this information to ensure that it is no longer identifying Our legitimate interest in minimizing the amount of Personal Data processed as part of the noted processing activity Managing, and participating in, webinars, contests, programs, training, certifications or promotions We process your Personal Data if you register for a webinar, contest, promotion, training, certification or a program. In some cases where the training or certification is through your employer, we will share your we will share your Personal Data with your employer Some webinars, contests, programs, trainings, certifications and promotions have additional rules containing information about how we will process your Personal Data Consent, necessary for the performance of a contract or our legitimate interest in providing the webinar, contest, promotion, training, certification or promotion Managing payments If you have provided financial information to us, we process your Personal Data to verify that information and to collect payments to the extent that doing so is necessary to complete a transaction and perform our contract with you Necessary for the performance of a contract Administering surveys and conducting research We process your Personal Data (including, where legally permitted, special categories of Personal Data) in order to meet the goals set out in surveys or research as well as to analyze our compliance with internal policies Consent or explicit consent (if required under applicable law) or our legitimate interest in conducting the survey or research based on its stated goals (where no special categories of Personal Data are in scope) Participating in a Salesforce community, such as that focused on open-source development We process your Personal Data, such as your username associated with your community account, in order to host and maintain the community for the benefit of its members Our legitimate interest in hosting and maintaining such a community for the benefits of its members, as well as in order to inform you of program changes that are important to your participation or relate to additional security measures Collecting diversity information We process your Personal Data (including special categories of Personal Data) to the extent you voluntarily consent to provide it to meet our broader community goals related to diversity and equality of opportunity Consent or explicit consent (if required under applicable law) Complying with legal obligations We process your Personal Data (including Usage Data) when cooperating with public and government authorities, courts or regulators in accordance with our legal obligations under applicable laws to the extent this requires the processing or disclosure of Personal Data to protect our rights Legal obligation or our legitimate interest in protecting against misuse or abuse of our websites or services, protecting personal property or safety, pursuing remedies available to us and limiting our damages, complying with judicial proceedings, court orders or legal processes, responding to lawful requests, or for auditing purposes If we need to collect and process Personal Data by law, or under a contract we have entered into with you, and you fail to provide the required Personal Data when requested, we may not be able to perform our contract with you.6. Who do we share Personal Data with? We may share your Personal Data as follows: Service providers: With our contracted service providers, who provide services such as IT and system administration and hosting, credit card processing, research and analytics, marketing, events planning, customer support and data enrichment for the purposes and pursuant to the legal bases described above in Section 5. Contracted service providers may also deliver artificial intelligence and generative artificial intelligence capabilities to analyze data, determine trends, make predictions and create AI-generated responses or other content for the purposes and pursuant to the legal bases described above in Section 5; Salesforce affiliates: With affiliates within the Salesforce corporate group and companies that we acquire in the future after they are made part of the Salesforce corporate group, to the extent such sharing of data is necessary to fulfill a request you have submitted via our websites or for customer support, marketing, technical operations, event registration and account management purposes. A list of Salesforce’s affiliates can be found in the List of Subsidiaries section of Salesforce’s most recent Form 10-K, available under the SEC Filings tab by selecting the “Annual Filings” filter on the page located here ; Event sponsors: If you attend an event or webinar organized by us, or download or access an asset on our website, we may share your Personal Data with sponsors of the event. If required by applicable law, you may consent to such sharing via the registration form or by allowing your attendee badge to be scanned at a sponsor booth. In these circumstances, your information will be subject to the sponsors’ privacy statements. If you do not wish for your information to be shared, you may choose to not opt-in via event/webinar registration or elect to not have your badge scanned, or you can opt-out in accordance with Section 10 below; Partners: With specific partners that offer supplementary services to those provided by Salesforce, such as partners that offer sustainability resources, or that resell Salesforce services, to the extent you consent to such sharing (where required by applicable law);Customers with whom you are affiliated and the applicable partner responsible for access to your services: If you use our services as an authorized user, we may share your Personal Data with your affiliated customer and/or the applicable partner responsible for your access to the services to the extent this is necessary for verifying accounts and activity, investigating suspicious activity, or enforcing our terms and policies; Contest and promotion sponsors: With sponsors of contests or promotions for which you register in order to fulfill the contest or promotion;Third party networks and websites: With third-party social media networks, advertising networks and websites, so that Salesforce can market and advertise on third party platforms and websites;Third party AppExchange partners: Specifically in relation to the AppExchange website, if you choose to interact with or use third-party tools, we may share your Personal Data with our third party partners who may contact you regarding their products or services in accordance with law or our contractual commitments; Professional advisers: In individual instances, we may share your Personal Data with professional advisers acting as service providers, processors, or joint controllers - including lawyers, bankers, auditors, and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services, and to the extent we are legally obliged to share or have a legitimate interest in sharing your Personal Data;Third parties involved in a corporate transaction: If we are involved in a merger, reorganization, dissolution or other fundamental corporate change, or sell a website or business unit, or if all or a portion of our business, assets or stock are acquired by a third party. In accordance with applicable laws, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any transfer of Personal Data to an unaffiliated third party; Third party accounts: In relation to Tableau, if you connect to your third party accounts through our products, we will use that information to authenticate you, enumerate the data sources available to you, download any data you request us to, and download and refresh authentication tokens or persist authentication information such as user names and passwords as necessary to continue to connect to these data; andPublic authorities: With public and government authorities, to the extent we are compelled to disclose Personal Data to comply with our legal obligations. We may also share aggregated Usage Data with Salesforce’s service providers for the purpose of helping Salesforce in such analysis and improvements.Additionally, Salesforce may share Usage Data on an aggregate basis in the normal course of operating our business; for example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. Anyone using our communities, forums, blogs, or chat rooms on our websites may read any Personal Data or other information you choose to submit and post. For more information on the recipients of your Personal Data, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below. 7. International transfer of Personal Data Your Personal Data may be collected, transferred to and stored by us in the United States and by our affiliates and third-parties disclosed in Section 6, above, that are based in other countries. Therefore, your Personal Data may be processed outside your country or jurisdiction, including in places that are not subject to an adequacy decision by the European Commission or your local legislature or regulator, and that may not provide for the same level of data protection. We ensure that the recipient of your Personal Data offers an adequate level of protection and security, for instance by entering into the appropriate back-to-back agreements and, if required, standard contractual clauses or an alternative mechanism for the transfer of data as approved by the European Commission (Art. 46 GDPR) or other applicable regulators or legislators. Where required by applicable law, we will only share, transfer or store your Personal Data outside of your jurisdiction with your prior consent. 8. Children 9. How long do we keep your Personal Data? We may retain your Personal Data for a period of time consistent with the original purpose of collection (see Section 5 above) or as long as required to fulfill our legal obligations. We determine the appropriate retention period for Personal Data on the basis of the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Data being processed, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the Personal Data, whether we can achieve the purposes of the processing through other means, and on the basis of applicable legal requirements (such as applicable statutes of limitation). After expiry of the applicable retention periods, your Personal Data will be deleted. If there is any data that we are unable, for technical reasons, to delete entirely from our systems, we will implement appropriate measures to prevent any further use of such data. For more information on data retention periods, please contact us by using the information in the Section 13 below. 10. Your rights relating to your Personal Data 10.1 Your rights You may have certain rights relating to your Personal Data, subject to local data protection laws. Depending on the applicable laws these rights may include the right to: Access your Personal Data held by us;Know more about how we process your Personal Data;Rectify inaccurate Personal Data and, taking into account the purpose of processing the Personal Data, ensure it is complete;Erase or delete your Personal Data;Restrict our processing of your Personal Data;Transfer your Personal Data to another controller, to the extent possible;Object to any processing of your Personal Data;Opt out of certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties; Know what categories of Personal Data are shared for delivering advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications, and services and the categories of recipients of such Personal Data;Opt out of the sharing of your Personal Data for delivering advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications, and services;If you’re under the age of 16, or such other applicable age of consent for privacy purposes in relevant individual jurisdictions, opt in to certain disclosures of your Personal Data to third parties; Not be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects ("Automated Decision-Making");Withdraw your consent at any time (to the extent we base processing on consent), without affecting the lawfulness of the processing based on such consent before its withdrawal; andNot be discriminated against for exercising your rights as described above. Where we process your Personal Data for direct marketing purposes or share it with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, you can exercise your right to object at any time to such processing without having to provide any specific reason for such objection.Please note that Automated Decision-Making currently does not take place on our websites or in our services. 10.2 How to exercise your rights To exercise your rights, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below. Your Personal Data may be processed in responding to these rights. We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month unless otherwise required by law, and will contact you if we need additional information from you in order to honor your request or verify your identity. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month, taking into account the complexity and number of requests we receive. If you are an employee of a Salesforce customer, we recommend you contact your employer’s system administrator for assistance in correcting or updating your information. Some registered users may update their user settings, profiles, organization settings and event registrations by logging into their accounts and editing their settings or profiles. To update your billing information, discontinue your account or request return or deletion of your Personal Data and other information associated with your account, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below. 10.3 Your rights relating to customer data As described above, we may also process Personal Data submitted by or for a customer to our products and services. To this end, if not stated otherwise in this Privacy Statement or in a separate disclosure, we process such Personal Data as a processor on behalf of our customer (and its affiliates) who is the controller of the Personal Data (see Section 1 above). We are not responsible for and have no control over the privacy and data security practices of our customers, which may differ from those explained in this Privacy Statement. If your data has been submitted to us in our role as a processor by or on behalf of a Salesforce customer and you wish to exercise any rights you may have under applicable data protection laws, please inquire with them directly. Because we may only access a customer’s data upon their instructions, if you wish to make your request directly to us, please provide us the name of the Salesforce customer who submitted your data to us. We will refer your request to that customer, and will support them as needed in responding to your request within a reasonable timeframe. 10.4 Your preferences for email and SMS marketing communications If we process your Personal Data for the purpose of sending you marketing communications, you may manage your receipt of marketing and non-transactional communications from Salesforce by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of Salesforce marketing emails, by replying or texting ‘STOP’ if you receive Salesforce SMS communications, or by unsubscribing here . Please note that, notwithstanding the above, you will continue to receive marketing and non-transactional communications from CMO Club unless you manage your receipt of such communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of CMO Club’s marketing emails. You may also turn off push notifications on Salesforce apps on your device, or unsubscribe by contacting us using the information in the “Contacting us” section, below. Please note that opting out of marketing communications does not opt you out of receiving important business communications related to your current relationship with us, such as communications about your subscriptions or event registrations, service announcements or security information. 10.5 Your preferences for telemarketing communications If you want your phone number to be added to our internal Do-Not-Call telemarketing register, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below. Please include your first name, last name, company and the phone number you wish to add to our Do-Not-Call register. Alternatively, you can always let us know during a telemarketing call that you do not want to be called again for marketing purposes. 11. How we secure your Personal Data We take appropriate precautions including organizational, technical, and physical measures to help safeguard against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, and unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, the Personal Data we process or use. While we follow generally accepted standards to protect Personal Data, no method of storage or transmission is 100% secure. You are solely responsible for protecting your password, limiting access to your devices and signing out of websites after your sessions. If you have any questions about the security of our websites, please contact us by using the information in Section 13 below. 12.Changes to this Privacy Statement We will update this Privacy Statement from time to time to reflect changes in our practices, technologies, legal requirements, and other factors. If we do, we will update the “effective date” at the top. If we make a material update, we may provide you with notice prior to the update taking effect, such as by posting a notice on our website or by contacting you directly, or where required under applicable law and feasible, seek your consent to these changes. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Statement to stay informed about our collection, processing and sharing of your Personal Data. 13. Contacting us Salesforce has appointed a Data Protection Officer and, in India, a Grievance Officer. To exercise your rights regarding your Personal Data, or if you have questions regarding this Privacy Statement or our privacy practices please fill out this form , email us at privacy@salesforce.com or datasubjectrequest@salesforce.com , call us at +1-855-938-3410, or write to us at: Salesforce Data Protection Officer (Salesforce Privacy Team) 415 Mission St, 3rd Floor San Francisco, CA 94105, USA When you contact us, please indicate in which country and/or state you reside. We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any complaint or concern about privacy. If, however, you believe that we have not been able to assist with your complaint or concern, and you are located in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. If you work or reside in a country that is a member of the European Union or that is in the EEA, you may find the contact details for your appropriate data protection authority on the following website . 14. Adherence to APEC Cross Border Privacy Rules (CBPR) and APEC Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) System 15. Additional Disclosures for California Residents The California Consumer Privacy Act (as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act) requires businesses to disclose whether they sell or share Personal Data. As a business covered by the CCPA, we do not sell Personal Data. We may share Personal Data (in the form of identifiers and internet activity information) with third party advertisers for purposes of targeting advertisements on non-Salesforce websites, applications and services. In addition, we may allow third parties to collect Personal Data from our sites or services if those third parties are authorized service providers who have agreed to our contractual limitations as to their retention, use, and disclosure of such Personal Data, or if you use Salesforce sites or services to interact with third parties or direct us to disclose your Personal Data to third parties. California law requires that we detail the categories of Personal Data that we disclose for certain “business purposes,” such as to service providers that assist us with securing our services or marketing our products, and to such other entities as described in Sections 5 and 6 of this Privacy Statement. We disclose the following categories of Personal Data for our business purposes: Identifiers;Commercial information;Internet activity information;Financial information; Professional and employment-related information; Education information;Geolocation data;Audio and visual data;In limited circumstances where allowed by law, information that may be protected characteristics under California or United States law; andInferences drawn from any of the above information categories. California law grants state residents certain rights, including the rights to know and access specific types of Personal Data, to learn how we process Personal Data, to request deletion of Personal Data, to request correction of Personal Data, to opt-out of sharing your Personal Data for third party advertising purposes, and not to be denied goods or services for exercising these rights. If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and have registered for an account with us, you may ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to our website(s). Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information, because, for example, some of your content may have been reposted by another user. For information on how to exercise your rights, please refer to Section 10.2 of this Privacy Statement.If you are an authorized agent wishing to exercise rights on behalf of a California resident, please contact us using the information in the “Contacting Us” section above and provide us with a copy of the consumer’s written authorization designating you as their agent. If you would like to opt-out of shares using your cookie identifiers, turn on a Global Privacy Control in your web browser or browser extension. Please see the California Privacy Protection Agency’s website at https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa for more information on valid Global Privacy Controls. If you would like to opt-out of shares using other identifiers (like email address), please refer to Section 10.2 of this Privacy Statement. We may need to verify your identity and place of residence before completing your rights request. California Privacy Rights Reporting Requests for access to Personal Data 40 32 43 Requests to delete Personal Data 95 85 27 Objections to processing Personal Data 23 Requests to correct Personal Data *Requests may be unable to be completed due to factors like duplicate requests the inability to verify the resident’s identity or lack of response. **Time to complete a request may depend in part on receipt of information from the person making the request, such as information to verify the person’s identity or information about the action requested. Data is for all requests received by the Salesforce Family Affiliates from California residents between January 1 and December 31, 2022. CALL US AT CALL US 1-800-667-6389 Call us at 1-800-664-9073 See all ways to contact us > New to Salesforce? About Salesforce Popular Links WORLDWIDE Americas Europe, Middle East, and Africa Asia Pacific © Copyright 2023 Salesforce, Inc. All rights reserved . Various trademarks held by their respective owners. Salesforce, Inc. Salesforce Tower, 415 Mission Street, 3rd Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105, United States Need help? No problem. Chat with our sales experts or call us at 1-800-960-3691. Cookie Consent Manager General InformationRequired CookiesFunctional CookiesAdvertising Cookies General Information We use three kinds of cookies on our websites: required, functional, and advertising. You can choose whether functional and advertising cookies apply. Click on the different cookie categories to find out more about each category and to change the default settings. Privacy Statement Required Cookies Required cookies are necessary for basic website functionality. Some examples include: session cookies needed to transmit the website, authentication cookies, and security cookies. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies Functional cookies enhance functions, performance, and services on the website. Some examples include: cookies used to analyze site traffic, cookies used for market research, and cookies used to display advertising that is not directed to a particular individual. Advertising Cookies Advertising Cookies Advertising cookies track activity across websites in order to understand a viewer’s interests, and direct them specific marketing. Some examples include: cookies used for remarketing, or interest-based advertising. Cookie List Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Live chat: Let's ChatPrivacy & Terms Privacy Policy Google Privacy Policy When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information. Privacy Checkup Looking to change your privacy settings? Contents We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include: Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google HomePlatforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating systemProducts that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like Chrome Incognito mode. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control what we collect and how your information is used. To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for key terms . And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us . Information Google collects We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful , the people who matter most to you online , or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls. When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity. When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as personal information . Things you create or provide to us When you create a Google Account, you provide us with personal information that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a phone number or payment information to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services. We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services. This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos. Information we collect as you use our services Your apps, browsers & devices We collect information about the apps, browsers, and devices you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low. The information we collect includes unique identifiers , browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including IP address , crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your request. We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an Android device with Google apps , your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your device type and carrier name , crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings, other information about how you’re using your Android device . Your activity We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like.The activity information we collect may include: Terms you search forVideos you watchPurchase activityPeople with whom you communicate or share contentActivity on third-party sites and apps that use our servicesChrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account If you use our services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages , we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages. You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account. Your location information We collect information about your location when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your general location. Your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by: GPS and other sensor data from your device Activity on Google services, such as your searches and places you label like home or work Information about things near your device , such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can turn your Android device’s location on or off using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on Location History if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about how we use location information . In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources . For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse . We also receive information from advertising partners to provide advertising and research services on their behalf . We use various technologies to collect and store information, including cookies , pixel tags , local storage, such as browser web storage or application data caches , databases, and server logs . Why Google collects data We use data to build better services We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes: Provide our services We use your information to deliver our services , like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts. Maintain & improve our services We also use your information to ensure our services are working as intended , such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to make improvements to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services. Develop new services We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Provide personalized services, including content and ads We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results . For example, Security Checkup provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like. Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalized ads based on your interests. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . We don’t show you personalized ads based on sensitive categories , such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to.For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop. Measure performance We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to link information about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services. Communicate with you We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing. Protect Google, our users, and the public We use information to help improve the safety and reliability of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public . We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use algorithms to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate. We may combine the information we collect among our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google. If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example. We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy. Your privacy controls You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the Privacy Checkup , which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our Product Privacy Guide . Managing, reviewing, and updating your information When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google. We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your Google Account includes: Privacy controls Activity Controls Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services , such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services. Ad settings Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.About you Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services. Shared endorsements Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads. Sites and apps that use Google services Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services. Ways to review & update your information My Activity My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity. Google Dashboard Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Your personal information Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number. When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including: Signed-out search personalization: Choose whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.YouTube settings: Pause and delete your YouTube Search History and your YouTube Watch History . Ad Settings: Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Exporting, removing & deleting your information You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Inactive Account Manager allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account. And finally, you can also request to remove content from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies. There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including: Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a cookie in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services rely on cookies to function properly , for things like remembering your language preferences.Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can modify location settings on your Android device. Sharing your information When you share your information Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search. When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting . When Google shares your information We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases: With your consent We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you use Google Home to make a reservation through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to review and manage third party apps and sites you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any sensitive personal information . With domain administrators If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your domain administrator and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account.They may be able to: Access and retain information stored in your account, like your emailView statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you installChange your account passwordSuspend or terminate your account accessReceive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental requestRestrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings For external processing We provide personal information to our affiliates and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies. For legal reasons We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to: Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request . We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report .Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues. Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users , or the public as required or permitted by law. We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. We also allow specific partners to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies. If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy. Keeping your information secure We build security into our services to protect your information All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected. We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including: We use encryption to keep your data private while in transitWe offer a range of security features, like Safe Browsing , Security Checkup, and 2 Step Verification to help you protect your accountWe review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations. Exporting & deleting your information You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Retaining your information We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings: Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your personal info or the content you create or upload, like photos and documents . You can also delete activity information saved in your account, or choose to have it deleted automatically after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as advertising data in server logs.We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping. When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems. You can read more about Google’s data retention periods , including how long it takes us to delete your information. Compliance & cooperation with regulators We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it. Data transfers We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data. When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly. U.S. state law requirements Some U.S. state privacy laws require specific disclosures. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how Google handles your information: We explain the categories of information Google collects and the sources of that information in Information Google collects .We explain the purposes for which Google collects and uses information in Why Google collects data .We explain when Google may disclose information in Sharing your information . Google does not sell your personal information. Google also does not “share” your personal information as that term is defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). We explain how Google retains information in Retaining your information . You can also learn more about how Google anonymizes data . As described there, when Google anonymizes data to protect your privacy, we maintain policies and technical measures to avoid re-identifying that information. U.S. state privacy laws also provide the right to request information about how Google collects, uses, and discloses your information. And they give you the right to access your information, sometimes in a portable format; correct your information; and to request that Google delete that information. Many of these laws also provide the right to opt out of certain forms of profiling and targeted advertising. They also provide the right to not be discriminated against for exercising these privacy rights. Finally, the CCPA treats certain kinds of information, like health data, as sensitive; when users provide this information, Google only uses it for purposes permitted by the CCPA, like to provide services that are requested and expected by our users. We describe the choices you have to manage your privacy and data across Google’s services in Your privacy controls . These tools allow you to access, review, update and delete your information, as well as export and download a copy of it. You can also control what information we use to show you ads, or turn off personalized ads, by visiting My Ad Center . When you use these tools, we’ll validate your request by verifying that you’re signed in to your Google Account. If you have questions or requests related to your rights under U.S. state privacy laws, you (or your authorized agent) can also contact Google . And if you disagree with the decision on your request, you can ask Google to reconsider it by responding to our email. We also provide more information on Google’s handling of CCPA requests. Some U.S. state privacy laws also require a description of data practices using specific categories. This table uses these categories to organize the information in this Privacy Policy. Categories of information we collect Identifiers and similar information such as your name and password, phone number, and address, as well as unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. Some Google services like YouTube Studio provide the option to submit a valid ID (such as a passport or driver’s license) to verify your identity to use additional features.Demographic information , such as your age , gender and language . If you choose to use optional features like YouTube Creator Demographics , you can also provide additional information, like your gender identity or race and ethnicity. Commercial information such as your payment information and a history of purchases you make on Google’s services. Biometric information if you choose to provide it, such as fingerprints in Google’s product development studies. Internet, network, and other activity information such as your search terms; views and interactions with content and ads; Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account; information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity); and activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in My Activity . Geolocation data , such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings. Depending on these settings, this may include precise location data , for example GPS data for Android features like navigation or finding your phone. Learn more about Google’s use of location information . Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information , such as voice and audio information . Communications data , such as emails, if you use our services to send and receive messages . Health information if you choose to provide it, such as your medical history, vital signs and health metrics (like blood glucose levels), and other similar information related to your physical or mental health, in the course of using Google services that offer health-related features, such as the Google Health Studies app . Professional, employment, and education information , such as information you provide or that is maintained through an organization using Google services at which you study or work. Other information you create or provide , such as the content you create, upload, or receive (like photos and videos or emails, docs and spreadsheets). Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Inferences drawn from the above, like your ads interest categories . Business purposes for which information may be used or disclosed Protecting against security threats, abuse, and illegal activity : Google uses and may disclose information to detect, prevent and respond to security incidents, and for protecting against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity. For example, to protect our services, Google may receive or disclose information about IP addresses that malicious actors have compromised. Auditing and measurement : Google uses information for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used, as well as to fulfill obligations to our partners like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. We may disclose non-personally identifiable information publicly and with these partners, including for auditing purposes. Maintaining our services : Google uses information to ensure our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting bugs and other issues that you report to us. Research and development : Google uses information to improve our services and to develop new products, features and technologies that benefit our users and the public. For example, we use publicly available information to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Use of service providers : Google shares information with service providers to perform services on our behalf, in compliance with our Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we may rely on service providers to help provide customer support. Advertising : Google processes information to provide advertising, including online identifiers, browsing and search activity, and information about your location and interactions with advertisements. This keeps Google’s services and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . Legal reasons : Google also uses information to satisfy applicable laws or regulations, and discloses information in response to legal process or enforceable government requests, including to law enforcement. We provide information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report . Parties with whom information may be disclosed Other people with whom you choose to share your information , like docs or photos, and videos or comments on YouTube. Third parties with your consent , such as services that integrate with Google’s services.You can review and manage third party apps and sites with access to data in your Google Account. Service providers , trusted businesses, or persons that process information on Google’s behalf, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Domain administrators , if you work or study at an organization that uses Google services. Law enforcement or other third parties , for the legal reasons described in Sharing your information . About this policy When this policy applies This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its affiliates , including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to: The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our servicesServices offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services Changes to this policy We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to archived versions for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). Related privacy practices Specific Google services The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services: If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the Google Cloud Privacy Notice . Other useful resources The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings. Your Google Account is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account Privacy Checkup guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account Google’s safety center helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online Google’s Teen Privacy Guide provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy Privacy & Terms provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service Technologies includes more information about:Technologies used for Advertising Key terms Affiliates An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the companies providing business services in the EU . Algorithm A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations. Application data cache An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content. Browser web storage Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5. Cookies A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about how Google uses cookies and how Google uses data, including cookies, when you use our partners' sites or apps . Device A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices. Google Account You may access some of our services by signing up for a Google Account and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.IP address Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Non-personally identifiable information This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user. Personal information This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account. Pixel tag A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies. Referrer URL A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited. Sensitive personal information This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality. Server logs Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this: is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet. is the date and time of the query. is the requested URL, including the search query. is the browser and operating system being used. is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device). Unique identifiers A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed. Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about how Google uses cookies . On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be managed in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services. Additional Context ads you’ll find most useful For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more about Google ads and why you may see particular ads . advertising and research services on their behalf For example, advertisers may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people. Android device with Google apps Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features.Learn more about Google Play Services . combine the information we collect Some examples of how we combine the information we collect include: When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos. Learn more If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know. Learn more The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based your activity. Learn more If you link your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone. Learn more customized search results For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can learn more here . You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can search and browse privately or turn off signed-out search personalization . deliver our services Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include: We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube videoWe use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google AccountPhotos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, animations, and other creations that you can share. Learn more A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your GmailWhen you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase. detect abuse When we detect spam, malware, illegal content, and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities. devices For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account. ensure and improve For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads. ensure our services are working as intended For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly. Information about things near your device If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services. Learn more legal process, or enforceable governmental request Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our Transparency Report . make improvements For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services.And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone. may link information Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic. Learn more our users For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights. Learn more . partner with Google There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Learn more payment information For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this. We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account. Learn more personalized ads You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads. Learn more phone number If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you. Learn more protect against abuse For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account). publicly accessible sources For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services. rely on cookies to function properly For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected. Learn more safety and reliability Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include: Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access. Learn more sensitive categories When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we require the same from advertisers that use our services. Sensor data from your device Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. servers around the world For example, we operate data centers located around the world to help keep our products continuously available for users.services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages Examples of these services include: Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemailGoogle Meet, for making and receiving video callsGmail, for sending and receiving emailsGoogle Chat, for sending and receiving messagesGoogle Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messagesGoogle Fi, for a phone plan show trends When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms. Learn more specific Google services For example, you can delete your blog from Blogger or a Google Site you own from Google Sites. You can also delete reviews you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store. specific partners For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings. Learn more about these partners and how they use your information. synced with your Google Account Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account. Learn more the people who matter most to you online For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you contact most frequently . the public For example, we process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices. third parties For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you. U.S. state privacy laws These laws include: California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA);Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA);Colorado Privacy Act (CPA);Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring (CTDPA); andUtah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) Views and interactions with content and ads For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears. Voice and audio information For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation. Learn more your activity on other sites and apps This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your account settings and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information. Learn more about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps. Change language: