CORPORATE CUSTOMER PRIVACY POLICY This privacy policy applies when Telia Sverige AB (Telia) supplies products and services to a corporate customer (the customer) and where Telia is the personal data controller. The policy describes Telia's processing of data and the rights that a data subject, that is, an employee or a contractor of the customer (the user), may exercise over data concerning the data subject. The data subject to the privacy policy is a part of the information we process in order to supply products and services to customers. The privacy policy also applies for Telia websites for customers in Sweden, but does not apply to websites or services from other companies, even if it is possible to access them from Telia's network or services. Telia's processing of personal data on behalf of the customer is not subject to this privacy policy. telia.se/foretagintegritet Telia Sverige AB Company registration no. 556430-0142. Registered office: Stockholm Page 1 Telephone: 90 400 telia.se Rev. 20180501 Data and how we process data What type of data we collect We process two types of personal data - user data and traffic data. User data is information about a user, e.g.their telephone number, email, user ID, password and other information we process to supply products and services to the customer. Traffic data is data which is generated when certain of our products or services are used. Traffic data is processed for the purpose of transmitting an electronic message via an electronic communications network, e.g. when a telephone call is made or an email is sent. The data is also used for billing such messages or for interconnection traffic. Examples of this are who has communicated with whom, the times when the communication began and ended, the total time it lasted and the network used. Traffic data is also information on where a person is geographivcally when that person is making a call or is connected to a network. How we collect data Depending on which product or service we are providing, we collect and process data that: the customer provides when the customer enters into a contract with Telia and communicates with us - e.g. by contacting us for information or subscribing to newsletters. is created when the user uses certain of our services - e.g. by making a call or sending a text message or email. is collected from other sources - e.g. company information from the companies' register as well as from other operators and service providers. is generated through our web-sites' use of cookies that collect information on and from the users' browsers. What we use data for The processing of data must be permitted under law, so-called legal basis - eg. the Electronic Communications Act and the General Data Protection Regulation . This means that data may be processed if it is necessary (1) for performance of contract or (2) for compliance witha legal obligation. Data may also be processed (3) for the purpose of legitimate interest or (4) after consent has been given for that specific processing. Provision of services We process data in order to manage and deliver on orders in accordance with agreements and to provide services. We also process data to obtain payment for services, to manage billing and payments, to correct errors and address other incidents, and to handle complaints and customer claims. Lawful basis: performance of contract. Telia Sverige AB Company registration no. 556430-0142. Registered office: Stockholm Page 2 TKK-5166_1 Telephone: 90 400 telia.se Rev. 20180501 Communication in relation to the services We also process data in connection with communication with the customer, such as when we send information and contact the customer concerning questions about the services. When the user calls our customer support the call may be recorded. When the user contacts our customer support online using the chat- functionality, the messages may be analysed. We do this to train our employees and improve our ways of working. Lawful basis: legitimate interest. Development of services We process data to manage and develop our business operations, our services and networks as well as our processes. For this purpose, we may also compile statistics for analysis. Lawful basis: customer consent (traffic data) and legitimate interest (user data). Marketing We process different types of data in order to market our products and services. For this purpose, we may also compile statistics for analysis. Marketing may be communicated via e.g. letters, calls, text messages and email. Lawful basis: customer consent (traffic data) and balancing of interests (user data). Information security and the prevention of abuse of our services We process data in order to ensure the security of our services and communications networks, to detect and prevent use of the services that is in violation of law or the terms and conditions for the service.We also process data to prevent abuse of the network and services, and to detect and prevent fraud, virus attacks etc. Lawful basis: performance of contract (user data) and legal obligation (traffic data). Compliance with law We process data in order to meet our obligations under law, for example the Swedish Bookkeeping Act. Lawful basis: legal obligation. Telia Sverige AB Company registration no. 556430-0142. Registered office: Stockholm Page 3 TKK-5166_1 Telephone: 90 400 telia.se Rev. 20180501 How long we keep data We do not keep data longer than we need to. Certain data is deleted immediately while other data is kept for longer periods of time depending on the purpose for which the data is processed and our legal obligations. • User data is kept as long as the customer remains a customer and for a maximum of 24 months after the the contractual relationship has terminated. Exceptions apply for documentation which under law must be kept for longer periods of time, e.g. the Swedish Bookkeeping Act. • Traffic data is kept for billing purposes. In case of outstanding invoices, the data is kept until the debt has been settled. Once the invoice has been settled, the data is kept for another 6 months, except for data which under law must be kept for longer periods of time, e.g. the Swedish Bookkeeping Act. • We also keep traffic data so that we can assist the customer if there is a problem with the services we provide. In order to continuously offer enhanced services based on our customers' needs, we also keep statistics that are based on data. These are kept for 6-24 months. In order to provide attractive market offerings based on the customer's needs, we keep certain data, e.g. the amount of text messages, MMS messages and calls, as well as information on the customer's data usage. We keep this data for 36 months. • We process information about the websites that the user browses and the IP addresses associated with them. This is done to detect and prevent faults in the service. The data is kept for a maximum of 30 days. We do not keep information on the specific pages visited or their content. • We keep IP addresses in order to investigate, block and delete addresses and messages for the purpose of protecting against internet fraud and limit damages.,. This way we are able to prevent the spread of viruses, spam and trojans. Dynamic IP addresses in the fixed network are kept for 6 months and dynamic IP addresses in the mobile network are kept for 100 days. • Calls recorded by customer support are kept for 14-28 days. • Chat conversations with customer support are kept for 60 days. To whom we release data We may provide data to: Other companies within the Telia Company group and subcontractors who process data on our behalf We use companies in the Telia Company group and in some cases also subcontractors in order to deliver services. This means that we may provide data to them. However, these companies may not use such data for any other purpose than to fulfil the agreement with Telia. Telia Sverige AB Company registration no. 556430-0142. Registered office: Stockholm Page 4 TKK-5166_1 Telephone: 90 400 telia.se Rev. 20180501 Transfer to third countries Some subcontractors may have operations in countries outside Sweden or in so called "third countries", i.e. countries outside the EU/EEA. If Telia, in order to provide products and services, transfers data to a subcontractor in a third country, we always take appropriate safeguard measures to ensure that the data which is transferred is processed in accordance with the Genral Data Protection Legislation and other applicable legislation as the case may be. Telia's agreements with such subcontractors, state that the suncontractor must comply with the clauses approved by the European Commission regarding the protection of personal privacy. There are also countries that the European Commission has deemed meet the required level of protection of personal privacy . The European Commission's list of approved third countries can be viewed here. The European Commission's standard clauses can be viewed here. The Swedish Data Protection Authority's page on data transfer to third countries can be viewed here. Authorities Telia is required by law to comply with decisions from authorities regarding the release of data, for example to the police. Emergency services Location data is released in connection with emergency calls made to SOS Alarm (the operator responsible for the 112 emergency number in Sweden). Operators or service providers providing or contributing to the provision of services to the customer When a customer uses our services to make a call to a person in another operator's network, e.g. international roaming, certain data may need to be disclosed to the operator in order to provide the service.Rights-holders under copyright law (Ipred) Ipred, which entered into force in Sweden in 2009, gives rights holders who suspect that illegal sharing of their intellectual property - e.g. a film or music - is taking place to initiate court proceedings to obtain information about what individual an IP-adress is linked to. If the court decides in favour of the rights- holder, Telia has toprovide information on who is using a particular IP address. Read more here Directory enquiry services Telia will disclose the name, address and telephone numbers attributable to the Customer to companies providing directory inquiry services. The directory inquiry services company is then responsible for the processing of this data after the said disclosure has taken place. The customer may oppose such disclosure by providing written notice to Telia. Other If the customer, or in some cases the user, has given consent, Telia may provide data to companies, organisations or persons ifor other purposes than those mentioned above. Telia Sverige AB Company registration no. 556430-0142. Registered office: Stockholm Page 5 TKK-5166_1 Telephone: 90 400 telia.se Rev. 20180501 How we protect data We work diligently to protect our customers' privacy. Our security work includes protection of persons, information, IT infrastructure, internal and public networks, office premises and technology facilities. Particular attention is devoted to information security to prevent, deter and detect the dissemination of data to third parties and the loss of data. Access to data is provided only to those who need it to perform their duties. Data processing is logged and checked systematically. Encryption of data is done with reknown and secure encryption methods. We work continuously to fight the occurrence spam and viruses in our networks. User rights A user may exercise individual rights in relation to the data we process in our capacity of personal data controller. It is important to ensure that the individual (the specific user) whose data we process, is the same person as the person requesting to exercise individual rights. We therefore request that the customer assists us in identifying the specific user, specifying the right that the user wishes to exercise, as well as providing additional information necessary for us to handle the request and ensure the exercise of the user's rights. Right of access The user may, free of charge, request a transcript of the data about the user that we process. We will reply to the user's request without undue delay and in any case within one month from having identiffied the user. If for any reason we cannot fulfil the user's request, we will provide the reason for this. Right to rectification If the user discovers an error in their data, the user may request that the error be corrected. When the incorrect data has been rectified, we will inform the parties to whom we have disclosed the data that the rectification has taken place, unless this proves impossible or would entail an excessive effort. At the user's request, we will provide information to the user about the parties that have been informed of the rectification. Telia Sverige AB Company registration no. 556430-0142. Registered office: Stockholm Page 6 TKK-5166_1 Telephone: 90 400 telia.se Rev. 20180501 Right to erasure The user may request the erasure of data if any of the following conditions apply: If the data is no longer needed for the purposes for which they were processed previously. If the processing is based solely on consent that was provided by the user and that the user has now revoked. If the processing takes place for the purpose of direct marketing to the user and the user has objected to the processing of his or her data for this purpose. If the user objects to processing when, after a balancing of interests, it is deemed that and there are no legitimate grounds that override the user's interests of integrity. If data has not been processed in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation. If erasure is required to fulfil a legal obligation. If data is erased, we will notify those to whom we have provided such data that this erasure has taken place, unless this proves impossible or would entail excessive effort. At the user's request, Wwe maywill provide also information to the user about of whichthe parties that have been informed of the rectification. Right to object The user may object to such data processing that we perform on the basis of legitimate interest. The user must specify which processing he or she objects to. If we consider that such processing should continue despite this, we must show that there are reasons that out-weigh the user's interest of integrity. If data are processed for direct marketing, the user has the right to object to the processing at any time. Right to restrict processing The user has the right to request a temporary restriction of data processing.Processing may be restricted in the following situations: • When the user considers that the data is inaccurate and the user has therefore requested that we rectify the data that we hold. The user may then request that processing of such data be restricted while the investigation is ongoing. • When the data processing is unlawful but the user opposes the erasure of the data and instead requests that the processing of this data be restricted. • When the user needs data to establish, enforce or defend legal claims, even if Telia no longer needs such data for the purposes for which we process them. Telia Sverige AB Company registration no. 556430-0142. Registered office: Stockholm Page 7 TKK-5166_1 Telephone: 90 400 telia.se Rev. 20180501 When the user has objected to the processing of data, we are permitted to continue to process the data for the duration of the investigation. If the processing of data is temporarily restricted, we will inform those to whom we have provided it that this temporary restriction is in effect unless this proves impossible or would entail excessive effort. Right to data portability The user's right to data portability is applicable to the extent that it does not adversely affect the rights of another, e.g. the subscriber. Notification of violation (complaint) If the user considers that data is being processed in violation of current regulations, the user should notify Telia immediately. The user may also file a complaint with the Swedish Data Protection Authority. Compensation If a user has suffered damage due to data being processed in violation of applicable law, the user may be entitled to compensation. Such a request must be made in writing to Telia, or the user may bring an action for compensation in court. Cookies Cookies are used on our websites. They are small text files stored on the device, e.g. a mobile telephone or computer, used to visit a website. Cookies are used improve the experience of our websites for the user or to provide us with statistics on the use of a site. Most browsers enable the user to block cookies. Go to telia.se/cookiepolicy for more information on how we handle cookies. We protect children To counteract the circulation of child sexual abuse imagery, we collaborate with the police to block visits to websites that they inform us contain such material. Telia Sverige AB Company registration no. 556430-0142. Registered office: Stockholm Page 8 TKK-5166_1 Telephone: 90 400 telia.se Rev. 20180501 Contact information Personal Data Controller Telia Sverige AB Telia Sverige AB (company registration no. 556430-0142) Stjärntorget 1 SE-169 94 Solna, Sweden Telephone: 90 400 Personal Data Officer Telia Sverige AB Telia has appointed a personal data officer to ensure that Telia process personal data correctly and in compliance with law. The personal data officer's contact details are provided to the Swedish Data Protection Authority. Contact for the exercise of the user's individual rights Requests to exercise one or more individual rights are to be submitted to Telia in writing at the address below. Telia Sverige AB Mina rättigheter - Företag Svarspost 108317743 978 00 Luleå Other The privacy policy may be updated and we will notify you of this at telia.seforetagintegritet. We keep earlier versions here. Telia Sverige AB Company registration no. 556430-0142. Registered office: Stockholm Page 9 TKK-5166_1 Telephone: 90 400 telia.se Rev. 20180501Privacy policy for Telia Sverige AB We are Telia Sverige AB (org. nr 556430-0142), (hereafter 'Telia'). In this Privacy policy we describe how we, as the controller, process and protect your personal data (hereafter 'data'). Telia recognizes that the protection of your personal data is extremely important. Therefore, we protect the privacy of every data subject with the utmost responsibility and care. When processing personal data, we comply with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the Data Protection Act 2018:2181, The Electronic Communications Act 2022:4822 and other directly applicable legal acts regulating the processing of personal data. 1. What is in this Privacy policy? This Privacy policy applies to the processing of personal data of individuals, regardless of whether you are a consumer or business customer. In addition, Telia may have service-specific privacy policys, which describe the processing of personal data in the context of a specific service. These can be found along with the specific services that we provide. This Privacy policy sets out: • how we collect personal data, • what personal data we process, for what purposes, based on which legal grounds and for how long we process personal data, • how we protect and safeguard personal data, • what rights you have regarding the processing of your personal data and how you can to whom we disclose personal data, execute these rights. This Privacy policy does not apply to the processing of personal data processed by other companies when you are using their services or websites, even if they were accessed through Telia's communications network or services. 2. Definitions The below terms are used in the Privacy policy as follows: Automated decision making are decisions made by technological means without human involvement Customer a subscriber, buyer, or user of our services 1 Lagen (2018:218) med kompletterande bestämmelser till EU:s dataskyddsförordning. 2 Lagen (2022:482) om elektronisk kommunikation. Company information Telia Sverige AB Stjärntorget 1, 169 94 Solna, Sweden Registered office: Stockholm Business ID 556430-0142, VAT No. SE556430014201 Data subject an identifiable individual who can be identified, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural, or social identity of that individual. Personal data data that either directly or indirectly can be associated with a data subject. Services all products and services provided by Telia. Telia companies companies that belong to Telia Company. More information is available on the following site About the company - Telia Company. 3. How do we collect your personal data Telia offers a wide range of services. The information we collect about you depends on the services you order and/or use and the data you provide when you order services or register on our websites, applications and other platforms. You are not obliged to disclose any personal data to Telia, but please note that if you choose not to disclose your personal data, we will not necessarily be able to provide you with all our services or offer relevant products/solutions to you. Telia collects and further processes your personal data from the following sources: Directly from you This data is derived from you, when you do business with us, buy or subscribe to our services, or when you register with or log in to our services, visit our website, subscribe to our newsletter, reply to our customer satisfaction survey or contact us by phone, email or chat. Generated data This data is generated when you use our communication networks or our services, i.e., when you are making phone calls, sending messages (SMS), browsing the Internet, using TV and entertainment services, visiting our websites etc. Derived data This data is created based on your personal data, such as conclusions about your possible interests or consumption habits, made e.g., by means of analytics for direct marketing purposes. Other data This data is obtained from other service providers, public authorities, or publicly available registers, such as SPAR, banks, or credit bureaus (for credit-check and solvency assessment). We also process personal data received from other Telia Company companies in accordance with applicable laws. 4. What Personal data do we process? Personal data is data that is directly or indirectly linked to you as a private individual. You can be a customer or a user using services under a customer's contract, such as business customer employees or private customers family members, or an authorized person. For the sake of clarity, we group your personal data into the following data categories: Anonymous data We process anonymous or aggregated data that is not associated with you as an individual. Such data is not personal data according to GDPR.Basic personal data Basic personal data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual that does not fall under any other data type. For example: personal identification information (name, personal ID code, date of birth), contact information (address, email), information related to ordering and provision, information related to payments, consents, and objections that you have provided, your communication with Telia, marketing data, images and videos captured by CCTV etc. Children's personal data Telia processes children's personal data to the extent permitted by law, when appropriate. Telia takes reasonable efforts to ensure and verify that the custodian of a child under the age of 13 has agreed to the processing of personal data, considering the available technology and the privacy risks related to the processing. Content of communication Content of communication refers to information exchanged between two communicating parties using an electronic communications service, e.g., the content of phone calls and emails, SMS and MMS content. Telia is not the controller for the content of communication as we only convey the content through our networks. Device tracking data Device tracking data consists of data collected by means of cookies and similar tracking technologies in connection with web or mobile browsing. For more information about the cookies website used https://www.telia.se/privat/om/integritetspolicy/cookiepolicy and the cookie table on our website https://www.telia.se/dam/jcr:39d3b9e4-b7e1-4ac1-8c82-0d364ba7584d/Telia- CookieTabell.pdf. cookie please notice Telia see our the Location data Location data refers to the geographical location of a person and (or) terminal equipment (e.g., GPS coordinates, base station location). Location data other than traffic data may be processed for the purpose of the provision of value-added services and to the extent necessary for the provision of these services. Location data does not refer to your place of residence, service provision or invoicing address, contact address, etc. That information is part of your basic personal data. When location data is used for the purpose of the conveyance of communication on an electronic communications network or for billing purposes it is traffic data. Special categories of personal data Special categories of personal data include racial or ethnic origin, political views, religious or philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data used to as a unique identifier of a individual, health data or data on sex life and sexual orientation of a person. We do not retain or collect such data, unless you have provided this information to us yourself or provided us with an explicit consent to process such personal data in which case you will be informed about the processing activities performed in more detail upon providing consent. Traffic data Traffic data is the data generated using communications services. It is necessary for the conveyance of a communication through the electronic communications network and for the billing thereof. This data reflects your activities when you are using communications services and communications network at a particular time and place. For example, the number A calls the number B at a specified time, at a specific location, and the call has a certain duration. Non-personal communication data is processed to provide services and to compile invoicing. This datatype refers to communication data obtained from the use of communications services in our network by roaming service clients, clients of other operators or internet service providers, i.e., individuals who have not been authenticated by Telia. Telia as a communication operator Telia provides services as a communication operator for a specific network or real-estate owner. In these cases, we process personal data regarding address and name and telephone number of the person registered in the apartment. We process this data for as long as we are the communication operator for the network and receive this personal data from the real-estate or network owner. We share this personal data with the service provider that the apartment owner chooses. 5. Legal grounds, purposes, and retention times for processing personal data We collect and process your personal data to the extent that it is needed for specified and legitimate purposes and only if necessary to fulfil the purpose. We process your personal data for as long as necessary and no longer than needed, taking into account the maximum retention times presented below. It should be considered that in certain cases, exceptions apply. For example, some automatic retention times do not apply in case of debts. Telia ensures and takes all necessary measures to ensure that outdated or unnecessary information is not stored and that personal data and other information about you is constantly updated and correct.Telia processes personal data based on four legal grounds (legal obligation, performance of contract, legitimate interest, and consent). The different legal ground grants you different rights and opportunities to influence and make choices regarding the processing of your personal data. 5.1. Purposes based on the legal ground 'Legitimate Interest' We process your personal data for different purposes by using the legal ground legitimate interest. When we process your personal data on this legal ground, we have concluded that there is a legitimate purpose for processing interest, that the processing is necessary and that the processing is within your reasonable expectations. We have also balanced our business interests with your rights. For your rights, see "Your privacy choices and rights". Purpose and legitimate interest assessment Direct marketing For direct marketing purposes, we have concluded that this is an effective marketing channel and that individuals may have an interest in receiving offers through direct marketing channels. Basic profiling activities Basic marketing processing (i.e., based on data from our systems). For basic marketing and basic profiling purposes, we have concluded that by providing customers with targeted and tailored marketing, our customers will receive more relevant marketing communication and that individuals may have an interest in receiving tailored marketing. Credit-check to understand if customer is considered suitable to receive services and/or equipment. For credit-check purposes, we have concluded that we need to manage risks related to revenue loss and that even though some customers may experience a negative outcome, this practise also benefits customers from further increasing bad debt. Customer care and relationship (inquiries, communications, and Customer service). For customer care and relationship purposes, we have concluded that the processing is highly beneficial to provide customer care, to improve our customer care services, and to measure their efficiency at the same time as the customer will have an improved customer experience where their needs will be met faster and in a more efficient way. Data categories with examples of attributes Basic personal data Name, address, phone number, email address and Telia ID Max. retention time 3 months after end of relationship or 5 years after marketing activity Basic personal data Name, address, phone number, email address, Telia ID and service account number. 24 months after end of relationship or 5 years after marketing activity Basic personal data Name, social security number, order amount 0 months (data is only processed, not stored) Basic personal data Telia ID and service account number 36 months after creation Business reporting purposes, i.e., processing personal data for statistics and analytics to detect trends and correlations. For business reporting purposes, we have concluded that the processing will support us in creating more relevant offerings and general recommendations that may benefit our customers. Revenue assurance purposes, i.e., identifying and detecting unbooked or lost revenue. For revenue assurance purposes, we have concluded that the processing is of fundamental importance to ensure Telia's revenues and that's this processing is in the interest of our customers and our owners. Information security purposes, e.g., Anti-DOS operations, email spam and virus scanning. For information security purposes, we have concluded that the processing benefits Telia and our customers, the economy and society at large. Fraud detection purposes, e.g., identifying misuse, fraud prevention in sales, and identifying customers. For fraud detection purposes, we have concluded that this processing has benefits for Telia, our customers, users, the economy, and society at large, when avoiding damages. Service and product improvement For service and product improvement purposes, we have concluded that this processing is needed for Telia to provide services from a business and security perspective. Basic personal data Address, Telia ID and service account number 36 months after creation Basic personal data Name, social security number, order amount 24 months after creation Basic personal data 12 months after creation Basic personal data Name, address and social security number 36 months after resolving Basic personal data Name, address, Telia ID and products used 24 months after end of relationship Voice recording: 3-28 days Basic personal data in chat conversations: 2 months 36 months after creation Development and maintenance purposes, i.e., for developing and maintaining our systems and networks. Basic personal data Name, address, Telia ID and products used For development and maintenance purposes, we have concluded that this processing is generally expected to receive the provided services. Commercial utilization, e.g., sharing your personal with Telia companies.For commercial utilization purposes, we have concluded that cross-selling or exchanging user profile/segment information with Telia companies and our partners can create more relevant offerings and general recommendations that may benefit us and our customers. Basic personal data Name, address, Telia ID and products used 24 months after end of relationship 5.2. Purposes based on the legal ground 'consent' Telia processes your personal and traffic data with the legal ground consent. Prior to the processing we will request your consent, inform you of purpose and how you, at any time, can withdraw your consent. For more information on how to exercise your rights, see "Privacy choices and rights". Purpose Processing of special categories of personal data for specific purposes as described under each service and purpose. Metadata marketing, i.e., marketing profiling, follow-up of marketing campaigns, tracing sales and similar. Extensive profiling activities (e.g., for marketing purposes) evaluating, analysing, or predicting behaviour, interests, location, etc. Service and network improvement, e.g., creation of new features, products and/or services. Publication of your personal data in publicly available phone directories. Processing of content for a specified purpose, e.g., provision of a specific service to an end-user. Data categories with examples of attributes Special categories of data As described under each Service and processing request. Basic personal data Traffic data Title-, category-, source- , date-, start and end time for streaming, outgoing and incoming phone number, timestamp for transmission, length of transmission, operator, IMEI, IMSI, data sent, geographic location for mobile device Traffic data Outgoing and incoming phone number, timestamp for transmission, length of transmission, operator, IMEI, IMSI, data sent and geographic location for mobile device Basic personal data Name, phone number, address Max. retention time As described under each Service/ until consent is withdrawn. 36 months after end of relationship but no more than 5 years in total/ after consent has been withdrawn 24 months after end of relationship/ after consent withdrawal Until consent is withdrawn Basic personal data Traffic data As described under each Service and processing request. As described under each Service/ until consent is withdrawn. 5.3. Purposes based on the legal ground 'performance of a contract' We process your personal data as it is necessary for us to perform under a contract or to take steps prior entering a contract. For more information on how to exercise your rights, see "Your privacy choices and rights". Processing purpose Credit-check (automated), when necessary to enter or perform a contract. More detailed information about automatic decisions and provision of credit rating can be found below. Order management and product and service delivery e.g., creating a contractual offer when requested by the individual. Customer administration, e.g., establishing and terminating customer relationships, updating customer data, submitting formal notifications, and responding to enquires Communications transmission, i.e., processing necessary to achieve transmission of communications when providing electronic communications services. Service quality assurance, i.e., ensuring quality of services in accordance with contractual obligations Billing and payment, i.e., calculating payments, billing, issuing invoices, collecting payments and debts. Processing of metadata necessary for billing, calculating interconnection payments (incl. carrier and other wholesale payments). Information security, e.g., maintaining and restoring security of electronic communications networks and services, ensuring information, asset, customer, and personnel security. Processing of metadata necessary for detecting or stopping fraudulent, or abusive use of, or subscription to and misuse of, electronic communications services. Incident management, e.g., resolving incidents and issues related to the performance of the contract with the customer. Data categories with examples of attributes Basic personal data Name and social security number Basic personal data Name, social security number, Telia ID, address, email address, phone number and service account number Basic personal data Name, social security number, Telia ID, product description, contract number, address, email address, phone number and service account number Basic personal data Traffic data Name, address, phone number of caller/receiver and IP- address, Basic personal data Name, social security number, Telia ID and product description Basic personal data Name, social security number, address, invoice number, invoice date, invoice amount, payment date, payment amount and payment category Basic personal data Traffic data Email address, caller's and receiver's telephone number. Max.retention time 0 months after end of relationship 36 months after creation Call recordings to verify orders: 3 months. 36 months after end of relationship 0 months (data is only processed for as long as necessary for the purpose in question) 36 months after creation Minimum 24 months after payment and maximum 24 months after end of relationship 12 months after resolving IP-addresses: 10 days Basic personal data 24 months after resolving Customer notification information and information related to the incident 5.4. Legal obligation Telia is to fulfil applicable legal obligations, including obligations related to personal data processing. Such processing includes retaining data for and answering law enforcement requests and enquiries and complying with court orders. Telia is also obliged to process personal data for regulatory reporting to national regulatory authorities and for fulfilling obligations set for significant market players by the national regulatory authority. Telia is subject to certain laws and regulations related to providing financing services, such as fulfilling the know your customer obligations, mandatory customer identification and credit-check obligations to fulfil the responsible lending requirements. In addition, Telia needs to process personal data to fulfil anti-money laundering obligations. Data processing purpose Service quality assurance, e.g., to convey the message in accordance with our legal obligations. Accounting, e.g., valuation of charging records, accumulation and processing of charging records, processing for payment of bills, etc. as explicitly required by accounting legislation in Sweden. Mandatory monitoring, e.g., supplier audits, DPO audits and testing, network-based security measures such as firewalls, IDS, AV and monitoring the network for illegal traffic or patterns. Mandatory retention for law enforcement purposes. Data types with examples of attributes Traffic data Outgoing and incoming phone number, timestamp for transmission, length of transmission, operator, IMEI, IMSI, data sent, geographic location for mobile device. Basic personal data Name, social security number, Telia ID, phone number, service account number, invoice number, invoice date, payment date, payment amount payment category, invoice amount Basic personal data Traffic data Phone number, title, category, source, date, start and end time for streaming, outgoing and incoming phone number, timestamp for transmission, length of transmission, operator, IMEI, IMSI, data sent, geographic location for mobile device Basic personal data Traffic data Name, social security number, phone number, outgoing and incoming phone number, timestamp for transmission, length of transmission, Maximum retention time 0 months (data is only being processed for the specific purpose and is not stored) 7 years after end of calendar year in which the accounting year was closed. 0 months after resolving Traffic data: 6 months Internet traffic data: 10 months Location data: 2 months Court orders, e.g., an order that requires us to provide certain data. Significant Market Power (SMP) obligations (telecommunication operators are required to share data with other operators). Authority and individual reporting, e.g., providing data subjects right to access report or reporting personal data breaches. Mandatory Customer identification, for example to prevent money laundering during provision of a financing service. 6. Profiling for marketing purposes operator, IMEI, IMSI, data sent, geographic location for mobile device Basic personal data As per request Basic personal data Traffic data Case specific Basic personal data Traffic data Name and social security number Basic personal data Name and social security number 12 months after complying with the order. Case specific 24 months after resolving 24 months after end of relationship 6.1. What is meant by profiling for marketing purposes? Profiling for marketing purposes refers to data processing where we process your data using statistical, mathematical, or predictive analysis methods for creating various links, probabilities, correlations, patterns, models, marketing profiles, etc. As a result, we can predict or derive your expectations, preferences and needs regarding the consumption of goods and services offered by us. Profiling always includes some margin of error because the correlations are based on mathematical and statistical procedures. This is an inherent characteristic of profiling, and, at the same time, the main source of risk to individuals' privacy, namely because of the possibility of occurrence of two kinds of error: 1) wrongly assigning a person to a category; 2) excluding a person from a category who in fact belongs to it.The maximum retention time for the processing of personal and traffic data for marketing purposes is 5 years after marketing activity during customer relationship and not more than 2 years after end of the customer relationship as described above. 6.2. How do we use marketing profiling? • We create and assign customer types or profiles to data subjects We analyse customers' demographical data (age, gender), service usage data and other aggregated data by using several different, internationally recognized statistical analysis methods to conduct profile analysis, to develop different customer segments, types, or profiles. Based on the identification data and probability assessment used in the profile analysis, we can determine the specific customer segment, type, or profile (e.g., technology savvy customer) and use this assessment for different marketing decisions (for example displaying personalized content and advertising in the e-environments). • We assess behaviour and interest based on the customer's journey In this case we can analyse and use customers' data related to the use of services, website visits and other data concerning purchasing behaviour and consumption, as well as various methods of statistical analysis and profile analysis, to derive customers behaviour patterns, models, and customer types. As a result, we are provided with a probability assessment on how interested a specific customer would be in ordering and using a specific service. • Location-based offers In this case, we analyse customers' data on used communications services in the area of a specific event and use statistical analysing methods and profile analysis to decide whether to send a marketing offer or message to a specific customer or not. We are careful when performing profiling to avoid irrelevant offers or other unwanted marketing communications. We can use the services of marketing profile companies to aid us in creating a marketing profile for our customers. You have the right to object to the processing for marketing purposes, see below. 6.3. The right to object to the processing for marketing purposes You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data for marketing purposes, including profile analysis for marketing purposes. This can be done by logging in via www.telia.se or in the application MittTelia or by calling customer service at 90 200. This can even be done by submitting a letter to Telia. You need to submit your full name, social security number and contract number. The letter should be sent to: Telia Sverige AB Mina Rättigheter - Privat Svarspost 108317743 978 00 Luleå Another way of discontinuing marketing activities is by clicking "unsubscribe" in the email or by opting out in accordance with the information provided in the marketing communication. Profiling for marketing purposes refers to data processing where we process your data using statistical, mathematical, or predictive analysis methods to create various links, probabilities, correlations, patterns, models, marketing profiles, etc. As a result, we can predict or derive your expectations, preferences, and needs regarding the consumption of goods and services offered by us. Profiling always includes some margin of error because the correlations are based on mathematical and statistical procedures. This is an inherent characteristic of profiling, and, at the same time, the main source of risk to individuals' privacy, namely because of the possibility of occurrence of two kinds of errors: 1) wrongly assigning a person to a category; 2) excluding a person from a category who in fact belongs to it. The maximum retention time for the processing of personal and traffic data for marketing purposes is 5 years after marketing activity during the customer relationship and not more than 2 years after the end of the customer relationship as described above. 6.2. How do we use marketing profiling? • We create and assign customer types or profiles to data subjects. We analyze customers' demographic data (age, gender), service usage data, and other aggregated data by using several different, internationally recognized statistical analysis methods to conduct profile analysis, to develop different customer segments, types, or profiles. Based on the identification data and probability assessment used in the profile analysis, we can determine the specific customer segment, type, or profile (e.g., technology-savvy customer) and use this assessment for different marketing decisions (for example, displaying personalized content and advertising in the e-environments). • We assess behavior and interest based on the customer's journey. In this case, we can analyze and use customers' data related to the use of services, website visits, and other data concerning purchasing behavior and consumption, as well as various methods of statistical analysis and profile analysis, to derive customers' behavior patterns, models, and customer types.As a result, we are provided with a probability assessment on how interested a specific customer would be in ordering and using a specific service. • Location-based offers. In this case, we analyze customers' data on used communications services in the area of a specific event and use statistical analyzing methods and profile analysis to decide whether to send a marketing offer or message to a specific customer or not. We are careful when performing profiling to avoid irrelevant offers or other unwanted marketing communications. We can use the services of marketing profile companies to aid us in creating a marketing profile for our customers. You have the right to object to the processing for marketing purposes, see below. 6.3. The right to object to the processing for marketing purposes You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data for marketing purposes, including profile analysis for marketing purposes. This can be done by logging in via www.telia.se or in the application MittTelia or by calling customer service at 90 200. This can even be done by submitting a letter to Telia. You need to submit your full name, social security number, and contract number. The letter should be sent to: Telia Sverige AB Mina Rättigheter - Privat Svarspost 108317743 978 00 Luleå Another way of discontinuing marketing activities is by clicking "unsubscribe" in the email or by opting out in accordance with the information provided in the marketing communication. 7. Automated decision making Automated decision making is a means of processing your personal data where decisions are made by technological means without human involvement. An automated decision can be based on different processing activities, for example, profiling, and these processing activities need to have appropriate legal grounds in place. If there is any human intervention involved, the processing is not considered being automated (e.g., if a person reviews a credit-check prior to the decision). Telia uses the legal ground performance of contract, as explained above, when processing personal data within the scope of automated decision making. In case you are not satisfied with the automated decision made by Telia regarding you, you have the right to 1) ask Telia for a human intervention instead of the automated decision making, 2) express your point of view and 3) to contest the decision. Telia bases for example a credit decision on an automated decision-making process. These decisions are based on Telia's or Telia company's customer relationship information or if, in addition to the processing of customer data, Telia considers it necessary to use external credit- check data. Such checks may also be made regarding individuals whose credit history is not available, for example due to a long stay abroad. In device sales, we use third-party information to support the credit decision. The credit decision is based on the payment history of a customer in a contractual relationship with Telia or other Telia company (invoice amount, invoice payment date, due date). We also use information about open receivables (amount, duration). The content of the credit decision is also affected by the credit check requests obtained in a short time interval, the number and value of the services to be purchased and the age of the customer. The use of age, like other criteria, is associated with a calculated estimate of the general amounts of credit transactions. Credit decisions are made during a purchase or order transaction. The credit rating results 'new' and 'negative' result in the non-receipt of credit, and while signing up for a service, Telia may require the customer to provide additional collateral (e.g., surety, guarantee, deposit), as well as make an advance payment (e.g., the credit limit is exceeded, or the customer's creditworthiness assessment is insufficient). The results 'satisfactory' and 'positive' will generally result in automatic permission for subscribing to a service. 8. How do we safeguard your personal data? 8.1. How we safeguard your data Safeguarding your personal data is of the utmost importance to us why we implement necessary organisational and technical security measures to ensure the integrity, availability, and confidentiality of the data. These measures include the protection of employees, information, IT infrastructure, internal and public networks, as well as office buildings and technical equipment. The purpose of information security activities is to implement the appropriate level of protection of information, risk mitigation and risk prevention. We ensure the security of the communication network and the confidentiality of the message contents and form of messages sent by you, as well as the time and method of sending them, in accordance with terms and conditions that apply to Telia services and with legislation. The measures required for this are implemented by Telia's internal security regulations.Our employees are subject to data confidentiality and protection requirements. Personal data protection training is provided to them, and employees are liable for fulfilling their obligations. Also, our partners are required to ensure that their employees comply with the same rules as we do, and their employees are liable for meeting the requirements for the use of personal data. Learn more about Telia's information security policies in general. To keep children safe and to prevent the distribution of Child Sexual Abuse Material, we co- operate with the Swedish police to block access to websites that portray Child Sexual Abuse Material. 8.2. How you can safeguard your data Prior to disclosing your personal data to a third party or entering it somewhere, consider who will receive the data and how securely it will be stored. In the case of communication and internet services, it must be considered that by enabling access to your data (e.g., on our self-service), either due to your own negligence or any other reason, you will be providing access to call logs, service details, invoicing information, and data of associated persons. If you suspect that your personal data has been processed contrary to our privacy policy or that your information has been disclosed to strangers, be sure to inform us as soon as possible by contacting us using the below described methods. This way we can solve the situation as quickly as possible and help minimize potential losses. You can always check and change your data using the below presented methods. 9. To whom do we disclose your personal data? Below you can find different recipients to whom we disclose your personal data. • Telia Companies We share data within Telia companies to get an overview of our customers commitments with all Telia companies. At an aggregate level, i.e., when personal data is merged with other customers' data, that information is used for analytics, including following up on the distribution of customers between different companies within our group. If a data subject has not objected to the processing of customer data for marketing purposes, the overall picture of their involvement with Telia companies is used for personalized communication and marketing to them. If a data subject has agreed to the use of traffic data for the improvement of services and networks and/or marketing, that information is used when we prepare offers to them. • Our partners working for us In various areas, we hire suppliers and, in some cases, other Telia companies, to be able to deliver services. These parties need information about you so that we can deliver our services to you. However, these parties are not entitled to use your personal data for any other purpose other than to provide the service or on the terms we specify. Telia's subcontractors process personal data based on our assignment. When using subcontractors, we ensure that the processing takes place in accordance with this Privacy policy. The processors referred to herein include, for example, IT service providers, equipment servicing partners, and marketing offices performing marketing efforts on our behalf. A list of partners we use for direct marketing practices can be found here: https://www.telia.se/privat/om/telefonforsaljning. • Other telecommunication companies or service providers We disclose your personal data to other telecommunications companies or service providers that provide or are committed to providing you services, for example, for invoicing purposes or in the event of a fault or disturbance. When calling a telephone number of other Swedish or foreign telecom operators, you will leave our communications network and use the roaming services provided by other telecommunication operators (e.g., when travelling abroad) and these are entitled to collect and process your personal data and receive your personal data from Telia. When, for example, you subscribe to Spotify, TV-services or other services provided through Telia, the service provision requires disclosure of your personal data to the third-party service provider. If a device is sent for service, the warranty procedure requires disclosure of your personal data to the manufacturer. Personal data is also disclosed in association with electronic identification or electronic signing to identification broker services or service providers whose services are accessed or logged in by means of Telia's identification service or identification device (such as BankID) to verify your identity or to sign electronically. We disclose your personal data to service providers and identification broker services in the extent required by the intended use and as allowed or required by law. During authentication and electronic signature, name, electronic unique identification number and/or personal identity number is disclosed to the service provider and the identification service broker.If you use the payment feature of your mobile subscription, i.e., you purchase a ticket to be paid on your phone bill, Telia may process the personal data needed to execute the payment transaction and disclose the subscription number to the service provider from whom you purchase the service using the payment feature. When Telia discloses your personal data to other telecommunication companies or service providers, the processing and collecting of your personal data is carried out in accordance with the contractual terms and privacy policies of the respective telecommunications company or service provider. This Privacy policy does not apply to the processing of your personal data by these parties. Telecommunications companies or service providers can in their turn transfer personal data to parties outside the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area (EEA). If necessary, we recommend that you contact them for more information. • Competent state authorities and other public authorities We disclose personal and traffic data to security and surveillance authorities, including the police, prosecutors, courts, emergency centre (112) if the corresponding obligation arises from the legislation. For example, for the purpose of preventing, investigating, and detecting criminal activities or to provide the emergency service with necessary information we disclose personal and traffic data to the extent required by the law and in accordance with a predefined procedure. As an electronic communication network and service provider we are legally obliged to provide the National Defence Radio Establishment (FRA) information (intelligence) from electronic signals that cross our borders. You can read more on www.fra.se. • Other third parties We disclose your personal data to other third parties with your consent, for example for publication in public directory inquiry services (electronic directory services or telephone directory). In relation to legal proceedings or at the request of an authority based on applicable law or court order or in connection with a trial or authority process your personal data can be disclosed. We can, for example, disclose your personal data to a copyright holder or their representative. Telia as a creditor has the right to assign the right of a claim to another party who may take over the claim. Such a transfer does not require the consent of the debtor and the debtor can be notified either by the old, or the new creditor. The transfer of debtors' data is subject to proper implementation of the data protection requirements laid down by law. We disclose your personal data to a data subject when providing a subscriber with a connection-specific itemization for an invoice. We also disclose personal data to third parties in connection with mergers and acquisitions and various business transaction and transfers. 10. Third country transfers Our partners who process personal data on our behalf are sometimes located outside the European Union (EU) or the European Economic Area (EEA). When transferring personal data outside the EU or EEA, we ensure by means of agreements (e.g., using the EU Commission's standard contractual clauses) or otherwise (an adequacy decision by the European Commission) that the transfers are implemented as required by law. In addition, we ensure that personal data remains protected regardless of whether they are transferred outside of the EEA. Telia assesses risk factors related to the transfer of personal data to third countries by conducting a transfer impact assessment (TIA). Telia uses TIAs to verify, on a case-by-case basis, whether the law of the third country ensures adequate protection of personal data when transferred. A TIA is also conducted when there is no transfer of personal data to a third country, i.e., outside of the EEA, if personal data is processed by an EEA registered company owned by a non-EEA parent company, or a non-EEA company. By conducting a TIA, we can identify whether an essentially equivalent level of protection as provided in the EEA countries is afforded. We collaborate with our sub-processors to gather sufficient information to perform and complete TIAs. Based on the law or practices of the third country and the effectiveness of the appropriate safeguards we review whether and which supplementary measures should be implemented. In determining which supplementary measures are most appropriate, we assess the effectiveness of such measures in the context of the transfer or other applicable scenario, the third country law and practices and the transfer tool used. The European Commission's list of countries outside of the EU that offer an adequate level of data protection can be found here. The European Commission's standard contractual clauses can be found here. The Swedish Data Protection Agency's webpage on international transfers can be found here. 11.Your privacy choices and rights Your rights and options depend on the purposes of the processing and on the situation. 11.1. The right of access You always have the right to access your personal data at Telia. Additionally, you have the right to be informed of the purposes of data processing, categories of personal data, the recipients, or categories of recipients to whom the personal data has been or will be disclosed and the retention times. To request access to your data you can submit a request when logged in at www.telia.se, MittTelia or by calling 90 200, see below for further details. You need to properly authenticate yourself. If less than six months have passed since your previous request, Telia has the right to charge you for the request. The information will be sent to your address or be made available via your own page at www.telia.se or in the MittTelia application. 11.2. The right to consent If the processing of personal data is based on consent, you have the right to withdraw consent at any time. This can be done by logging in on www.telia.se or Mitt Telia. There you will be able to see what you have consented to, how you can withdraw your consent and how you can consent to further processing of your personal data. You can also call customer service at 90 200 or submit a letter to: Telia Sverige AB Uppdatera samtycke - Privat Svarspost 108317743 978 00 Luleå Upon receipt of the data subjects consent withdrawal, Telia will start to implement changes immediately. It will take up to two weeks to stop processing your personal data based on consent as Telia needs to take action to execute the request. It is worth noting that application or withdrawal of consent does not have a retroactive effect. 11.3. The right to rectify data You have the right to obtain the rectification of incorrect or inaccurate personal data concerning you and to have incomplete personal data completed. This can be the case for example, if, upon access to your personal data, you determine that the data is incorrect, incomplete, or inaccurate. 11.4. The right to object to the processing You have the right to object to the processing of your personal data when your data is being processed based on the legal ground legitimate interest (as defined above). If Telia agrees to the objection, we will stop processing your personal data for the specified purpose. If we have a strong and legitimate reason to continue processing your personal data despite the objection, we will not agree to the objection. You have an absolute right to object to Telia's processing of your personal data for direct marketing and we will stop processing the data if you object to this processing. This right cannot, however, be used in a situation where Telia is required to compile, submit, or defend a legal claim (e.g., when we believe that a person is on breach of contract and therefore must turn to court or other law enforcement agency to protect our rights). You can exercise your rights when you have logged in through www.telia.se or by opting out from direct marketing in accordance with the information provided in the marketing communication. 11.5. The right to data portability You have the right to receive your personal data that you have submitted to Telia that is processed based on consent or performance of contract (as defined above). You are entitled to receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format. You also have the right to transfer the data to another controller. Telia will provide access to your personal data, or have it transferred directly to another service provider (or data controller), in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format (provided that the other service provider has the capacity to receive the data in such format). 11.6. The right to be forgotten You are entitled to erase your data in certain circumstances, for example, if (i) (ii) (iii) (iv) (v) (vi) the processing of personal data is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or otherwise processed, you initially consented to the use of your data but have now withdrawn your consent and there is no other legal ground for the processing, you have objected to the processing and there is no overriding legitimate ground for the processing (your interests outweigh our interests), it was identified that your data have been unlawfully collected and (or) further processed, Telia has a legal obligation to erase the data, or the data was collected from you as a child for an online service. 11.7. The right to restriction of processing Telia is to restrict the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances. For example, if you have requested to rectify your data or made an objection to your personal data processing, you may ask to temporarily limit the use of your data while your request is being considered.You may also ask Telia to limit the use of your data rather than delete it if Telia processed your data unlawfully, but you do not want it deleted, or Telia no longer needs your data, but you want Telia to keep it in order to create, exercise or defend legal claims. However, you should consider that this right requires a very precise formulation of the purpose and may, in some cases, result in temporary suspension of services. 11.8. The right to lodge a complaint You are always entitled to contact Telia, the Data Protection Agency, or the court to protect your rights and your personal data. The Data Protection Agency is a public institution that can be contacted or consulted on issues related to personal data protection. If you believe that your personal data is being processed in violation of current regulations, you should report it to Telia as soon as possible by calling our customer service on 90 200. You can also contact Telia's data protection representative (see contact information below). You can also lodge a complaint with the Swedish Data Protection Agency (see contact information below). 11.9. The right to damages If you have suffered damage because of personal data being processed in violation of applicable laws or regulations, you may be entitled to damages. Damages claims can be brought forward to Telia or to a court. A damage claim request brought forward to Telia must be made in writing and must contain the following information: full name, social security number and any subscription number. 11.10. How to exercise your rights under GDPR You can exercise all the above-mentioned rights by contacting Telia and verifying your identity in any convenient manner. Once identified, we will promptly register and process the request. We will provide information on the action taken no later than within one month of receipt of the request. You can exercise your rights: • By logging in to www.telia.se or via the MittTelia application, • By contacting us via email at dpo-se (a) teliacompany.com, • On arrival at any Telia store, • By contacting us by phone at 90 200, or • By writing to: Telia Sverige AB Mina Rättigheter - Privat Svarspost 108317743 978 00 Luleå In case we are not able to find a solution together, you have the right to contact and lodge a complaint with Integritetsskyddsmyndigheten (IMY) (www.imy.se), who is responsible for the supervision and control of personal data protection legislation. Contact information to IMY: Phone number: +46 (0)8 657 61 00 Email: imy@imy.se Postal address: Integritetsskyddsmyndigheten, Box 8114, 104 20 Stockholm, Sweden. Telia is committed to conducting responsible and sustainable business. If suspected that Telia has acted contrary to the legislation or the Privacy policy, this can also be reported confidentially through Telia Company's Speak Up Line (our whistleblowing system). Our Data Protection Officer can be reached via email at dpo-se (a) teliacompany.com. Learn more about privacy in Telia Company. 12. Changes to this Privacy policy Just as modern communications services, devices and solutions are evolving at a fast pace, so are the data processing activities necessary to provide those. We will do our best to keep the Privacy policy up-to-date and available to you on the Telia website www.telia.se. For this reason, we encourage you to periodically visit our website, where you will always find the most current version of this Privacy policy. We may also notify you of the most significant changes that concern you in the Privacy policy on our website, by email or in any other reasonable manner.Telia's General Terms and Conditions for services to consumers (applying as from May 25, 2018) Sidnr 1 (5) Telia's Privacy Policy The Customer's privacy is important to Telia. Telia Sverige AB is the data controller for the processing of the Customer's personal data according to the Agreement. In Telia's Privacy Policy, see www.telia.se/integritet. further information is available regarding which personal data Telia processes, types of processing, the purpose and legal basis for the processing (e.g. consent), the data's retention period and the Customer's right to, among other things, information, rectification, erasure and to object. General 1.1 These General Terms and Conditions apply when Telia Sverige AB ("Telia") provides a subscription or a service (the "Service") to a consumer (the "Customer"). The services provided by Telia are fixed-line and mobile telephony, broadband and TV as well as other relevant services available at any time at www.telia.se. The Service is specified in the agreement between the Customer and Telia (the "Agreement"). The content of the Service is specified in the current description of the Service. The Agreement also includes orders, confirmations, current price list, etc. If the Service is used to pay for a product or service from a 1.2 content provider that has a payment mediation agreement [Swe: avtal om betalningsförmedling] with Telia, the provisions in chapter 5 (Payment) of these General Terms and Conditions will apply to such purchases. The purchase of the service or product will otherwise be subject to the agreement between the content provider and the Customer. If the Customer wishes to complain about any such product or service, the Customer must contact the content provider directly. 1.3 The Agreement will be considered to have been entered into when Telia has confirmed the Customer's order or, if this takes place earlier, when Telia has begun to provide the Service to the Customer. The Agreement must be established in writing, if so required by Telia. If the Agreement has been established on a distance basis, the 1.4 Customer will have a right of withdrawal in accordance with the Swedish Distance and Doorstep Sales Act (2005:59) [Swe: lag om distansavtal och avtal utanför affärslokaler]. In such case, information on the right of withdrawal will be provided to the Customer. Telia´s provision of the Service 2.1 Telia provides the Service via a connection to the public communications network that is either owned by Telia or via other networks through which Telia is entitled to deliver the Service ("Telia's Network"). Telia will state the location of the connection (the "Connection Point"). If the Service is provided via Telia's fixed network, only Telia may undertake connection of lines to the Connection Point. 2.2 Telia will provide the Service on a professional basis and in accordance with the Agreement. Telia is entitled to engage subcontractors in order to fulfil its obligations in accordance with the Agreement. In such case, Telia is liable for the subcontractor's work. 2.3 Telia will continuously develop its Services. Such adjustments will be made in a way that limits any disruptions. If a change in the Service will result in any deterioration in the Service's performance to an extent that is more than negligible, Telia must inform the Customer in a suitable manner, and no later than one (1) month in advance. The same applies if the change in the Service results in a need for the Customer's own equipment to be adjusted and the Customer is liable for any costs of adaption of its own equipment. 2.4 Telia may make changes to the Service if the use of the Service results in damage or risk of damage to Telia or any third party, for example, because of the Customer's use in violation of section 4.1 a) - g), or if Telia is required to change the Service due to changed law or due to court or government decisions. In such case, the Customer must be informed as soon as possible. 2.5 Due to the structure of Telia's Network or due to technical limitations, it may not be possible to use certain services and certain equipment at all locations. Further information concerning Telia's Network is available at www.telia.se. If the Service is partly provided via another operator's network (e.g. for international calls) other terms and conditions may apply for the use of such network. 2.6 The Customer's right to use the Service in another operator's network within the EU/EES without surcharge (so called."Roam Like At Home"), is specified for each Service. In such case, Telia has the right to limit the available data volume according to the EU regulation. Any limitations of the data volume (so-called Fair Use Policy, "FUP") are shown in the pricelist, see www.telia.se/prislista. Further, the Customer's right to Roam Like At Home is limited to temporary use.If such use is not temporary, Telia reserves the right to charge the Customer a surcharge according to the current roaming tariff, or discontinue roaming. For more information on Roam Like At Home and limitations, see www.telia.se/roaming. 2.7 Telia may install and maintain equipment that is necessary for the provision of the Service on the Customer's premises. If Telia provides equipment to the Customer that is owned or 2.8 available to Telia for its use (the "Equipment"), Telia shall have the right to carry out configuration changes, upgrades, and otherwise use the Equipment for development of services during the time which the Equipment is connected to any Service. 2.9 The Customer is responsible for the Equipment and the bears the risk of damage to or loss of the Equipment from the time that the Equipment is delivered to the Customer and must follow the instructions issued by Telia from time to time concerning the care and use of the Equipment. On the expiry of the Service, the Customer must return the Equipment to Telia in accordance with Telia's instructions at the relevant time. If the Customer fails to do so, or if the Equipment is unusable or has been exposed to abnormal wear, Telia will be entitled to compensation for the Equipment. 2.10 If Telia requires authorisation to install or maintain lines or the corresponding up to the Connection Point, Telia may require the Customer to obtain such authorisation within a reasonable time and at no cost to Telia. 2.11 The Service requires the Customer to have the necessary equipment. Telia does not guarantee the functionality and quality of the Service if the Customer connects equipment that has not been approved. Requirements of specific, equipment will, if applicable, be stated in the current description of the Service at any time. 2.12 Telia will take measures concerning the network in order to avoid network congestion. Such measures may concern prioritisation or other specific handling of certain traffic. The measures taken may affect the quality of some Services, e.g. a temporary reduction of the network's www.telia.se/trafikhantering. information available Further speed. 2.13 Telia's obligation to transmit emergency calls and to provide location data to the recipient of the emergency call is stipulated in the Electronic Communications Act (2003:389) [Swe: lag om elektronisk kommunikation]. Further information on the terms applying to the Service in such cases is available at www.telia.se/nodsamtal. Document id T125414-06 2.14 Telia will take the necessary action in the event of security deficiencies. The action that may be taken is stated in Telia's Privacy Policy, see www.telia.se/integritet. 2.15 Telia will assign the Customer a subscription number, password and other codes ("Identification Data") that are necessary in order to use the Service. Telia may amend the Identification Data on technical, operational or other special grounds, or in accordance with a public authority's regulations or decisions. The Customer must be informed in advance of any such amendment. The Customer has no entitlement to Identification Data after the Agreement has expired, unless otherwise agreed in writing between the Parties, or prescribed by law. Troubleshooting 3.1 Faults entail that the Customer is unable to use the Service in accordance with the Agreement. As Fault is not considered such faults that do not prevent the Customer from using the Service, or that are only of minor significance for the Customer. Telia must remedy Faults in accordance with what is stated in the Agreement, or, if this is not stated specifically, within a reasonable time. Telia is responsible only for Faults due to Telia. For example, Telia is under no obligation to remedy Faults: a) if the Fault is attributable to a third party's network; b) if the Fault is due to adverse transmission or receiving conditions for radio communication; c) if the Fault is caused by viruses or other external attacks on the Customer's or third party's software, or the Fault otherwise is caused by third parties or by circumstances outside Telia's control and unless it may reasonably be considered that Telia will remedy the Fault, or d) if the Fault is otherwise due to such circumstances as described in section 2.5. 3.2 If the Customer has notified Faults that have been caused by the Customer or a third party for whom the Customer is liable, Telia will be entitled to compensation from the Customer. Compensation may be required for work resulting from the Customer's fault notification, in accordance with Telia's price list applicable from time to time. The same applies if Telia finds, after investigation, that no Faults exists. Such faults can, for example, be due to: a) incorrect or negligent use of the Service; b) failure to follow instructions for the use of the Service; c) the Customer's equipment; or d) a change, repair or connection performed by another party than Telia.3.3 If there is a need for special engineering work on performing the installation or remediation work, Telia is entitled to compensation for the work performed according to the price list applicable from time to time. Telia must tender such work to the Customer in advance. for expansion or otherwise 3.4 Telia has the right to limit the availability of the Service to the extent necessary technical, maintenance, or operational purposes. Telia shall in such case seek to minimize the interruption period and take the measures necessary for the Customer to cause the least possible inconvenience. Telia shall to the extent possible inform the Customer of any planned interruptions. for The Customer´s use of the Service 4.1 The Customer may use the Service for its own use and for the purpose stated in the Agreement. The Customer is, for example, responsible for ensuring that the use of the Service does not: a) lead to damage or other inconvenience to Telia or any third party; b) cause disruptions to Telia's Network or the Service, such as via mass calls [Swe: massanrop] or unsolicited mass mailings (called "spam"), or the spreading of data virus; c) concern use for commercial purposes, such as a switchboard function, interconnection interface or similar operator activities; d) infringe the copyright or other intellectual property rights of Telia or any third party; Telia's General Terms and Conditions for services to consumers (applying as from May 25, 2018) Sidnr 2 (5) e) conflict with law or a public authority's regulations or decisions; f) exceed the limitations of the Agreement or, if any such limitation is not stated, that the Service is not used in a way that deviates very significantly from the normal use of an equivalent service, such as the downloading of very large amounts of data, repeated very long calls or data sessions, or abnormally frequent calls; or is otherwise in conflict with good practice or Telia's current provisions for the Service applicable at any time, such as "Acceptable Use Policy - Telia's Internet Services", see www.telia.se/aup. 4.2 Equipment connected by the Customer must comply with Telia's current instructions at any time, to avoid any inconvenience or damage to Telia or any third party. The Customer undertakes that immediately, at Telia's request, it will disconnect any such equipment from the Service that causes disruptions to Telia's Network or the Service, or that leads to any claimed or suspected infringement of the rights of any third party. 4.3 Without any cost, the Customer must give Telia access to premises and equipment to the extent necessary for Telia's provision of the Service. The Customer must also ensure that the premises comply with relevant laws and the public authorities' regulations concerning the Service, such as climate requirements and power requirements. The Customer is responsible for the consumption of electricity required for the use of the Service. 4.4 "Security Codes" means user name, password, PIN code, etc. "Cards" means SIM cards and other cards that Telia provides for the Service. The Customer must store Security Codes and Cards that are part of the Service in a secure way, to prevent access by unauthorised persons. The Customer may not copy, interfere with or manipulate Cards. 4.5 The Customer is responsible to Telia for the use of the Service. If the Service has been used by any unauthorised person, the Customer will only be liable to pay for such use if the Customer: a) has given a third party access to the Service; through gross negligence has made it possible for a third party to use the Service; or has lost control of the Service, Security code or Cards, and does not report the loss to Telia as soon as it has been discovered. 4.6 The Customer's payment liability for any fixed recurring fees will remain unchanged even if the Customer has been released from liability in accordance with section 4.5 Payment 5.1 The Customer must pay fees in accordance with the current price list. The fixed fees are debited whenTelia begins to provide the Service. When placing an order, the customer chooses the payment method that is available for the Service. If the Service is used to pay for a product or service from a 5.2 content provider that has a payment mediation agreement [Swe: avtal om betalningsförmedling] with Telia, the Customer is liable for payment of such purchases. 5.3 When paying by invoice, the amount to be paid by the Customer is stated on the invoice. The invoice falls due for payment on the date stated on the invoice. 5.4 The invoice must be paid in the currency and to the account stated on the invoice. The payment is considered to be completed when it is received by Telia. Telia is entitled to charge an invoice fee. The current invoice fee is shown in the price list. Any changes to the invoice fee shall be notified to the Customer no later than one (1) month before the change enters into force.If payment takes place by other means than via a payment slip 5.5 provided by Telia, the invoice number must be stated. Otherwise the payment will be considered to have been completed when Telia has had reasonable time to settle the payment against the invoice. As a rule, reasonable time is within a month after the amount has been paid into the account. If an incomplete or incorrect invoice number is stated, Telia may charge a fee according to the price list. 5.6 If the Customer has not made due payment on due date, Telia will be entitled to compensation for payment reminders and collection charges, and to statutory late payment interest. 5.7 If the Customer has filed a complaint within a reasonable time and stated reasonable grounds for the amount not to be debited, at the Customer's request Telia must grant deferral of payment of the disputed amount until Telia's investigation has been completed or the dispute has been finally settled. During the deferral period, statutory late payment interest will be debited for the part of the disputed amount that the Customer is finally liable to pay. 5.8 The Customer is liable to pay the fixed fee even if Telia has terminated or limited the Service in accordance with section 7.1 or section 7.3, first sentence. 5.9 Use of the Service will be subject to a monetary limit of five thousand (5,000) SEK unless otherwise agreed or stated in the price list. If the limit is exceeded, the Customer will be liable to pay the debt by no later than the date stated by Telia. Telia is entitled to limit the use of the service until full payment has been made. If multiple Services are charged on the same invoice, the monetary limit shall apply per Service. 5.10 Telia is entitled to change the Customer's monetary limit, request advance payment or require the Customer to provide security for the due fulfilment of the Agreement if a credit check shows this to be justified. Telia will give written notification of any change in the monetary limit. Telia is furthermore entitled to set off advance payments or pledged security against its outstanding receivables, including the costs stated in section 5.6. No interest is paid on advance payments. 5.11 If the Agreement is for a minimum period (fixed term) and notice of termination has been given in accordance with section 15.4, the fixed fee for the remainder of the fixed term will fall due for immediate payment. 5.12 If Telia has given notice of termination of the Agreement, the Customer will be entitled to recover prepaid fees. If the Customer has terminated the Agreement, prepaid fees will only be repaid, however, if the Customer has terminated the Agreement due to Telia's amendment of the terms of agreement without the approval of the Customer. This repayment entitlement does not, however, apply to prepaid fees paid in by the Customer after notification of the amendment of the terms. The terms in this paragraph shall also apply when determining repayment of deposits that a registered Customer has charged to a Prepaid Card. Price reduction 6.1 If Telia does not begin to provide the Service by the agreed date, or if the Service could not be used due to a Fault in the Service that are due to Telia, the Customer will be entitled to a price reduction. A reduction will be made as an amount corresponding to the part of the delayed or non-usable Service's fixed fee, calculated for the period of the delay or the duration of the Fault from the time of its notification to Telia, unless otherwise stated in section 6.2. Telia's General Terms and Conditions for services to consumers (applying as from May 25, 2018) Sidnr 3 (5) a) the Customer does not present a written agreement to Telia, in accordance with section 1.3, within the specified time; b) despite a reminder the Customer has not paid an invoice within the specified time; c) the Customer exceeds the monetary limit or fails to provide the required security or advance payment in accordance with section 5.10 within the specified time. d) the Customer has not obtained authorization accordance with section 2.10 for Telia concerning the installation and maintenance of lines; e) the Customer is in breach of its undertakings according to any of sections 4.1 - 4.5 or 11.1; or the Customer otherwise uses the Service in conflict with the Agreement, despite Telia's written notification. 7.2 Discontinuation or limitation in accordance with section 7.1 must not take place in minor cases or if the Customer has taken remedial measures, or due to late payment if the payment solely concerns amounts that are to be mediated to a third party. 7.3 Telia must discontinue or limit the Service if the Customer so requests (e.g. request to block a SIM card). Telia is entitled to discontinue the Service if Telia's liability is based on law, or the regulations or decisions of public authorities.Telia may also discontinue the Service if Telia recognizes that it is necessary for security reasons If Telia has limited the Service by blocking the SIM card, the Customer can request for a new SIM card. Telia is entitled to charge an additional fee for the new SIM card. Telia is entitled to settle the fee for the new SIM card by deduction from Customer's outstanding value Liability 8.1 The Customer is entitled to compensation for any direct damage due to negligence by Telia or any party for which Telia is responsible. The Customer is not entitled to compensation for indirect damage such as loss of profits or other consequential damages. 8.2 Telia is not liable for damage incurred due to content of data or other information transmitted through use of the Service, nor is Telia liable for damage caused by data virus or suchlike, delays, distortion or loss of data, or for the Customer's liability to any third party. 8.3 The limitations to Telia's liability for damages in accordance with sections 8.1 and 8.2 above do not apply in the event of intent or gross negligence, personal injury or any liability pursuant to mandatory law. 8.4 Telia is entitled to compensation for any damage due to negligence caused by the Customer or any party for which the Customer is liable. If the Customer's liability to pay compensation in accordance with this section is deemed to be unreasonably burdensome, the compensation may be adjusted. Complaints 9.1 In order to be invoked, invoice objections or requests for price reductions or compensation for damages must be presented within a reasonable time after the circumstances leading to the objection or request were discovered or should have been discovered. Complaints may be made verbally or in writing. Requests for compensation for damages must always be presented in writing, however. 6.2 Compensation due to delays or faults in the Service is usually made via deductions from the invoice. Price reductions below twenty five (25) SEK per invoice period are not paid. 10 Force majeure Discontinuation of the Service 7.1 Telia may discontinue or limit the Service if: 10.1 A Party will be released from liability for compensation for claims or to fulfil certain obligations according to the Agreement if the claim or omission is due to circumstances outside the Party's control ("Force Majeure Event") and the circumstance prevents, significantly impedes or delays the fulfilment of the obligation. The same applies from Telia's is due subcontractors due to the Force Majeure Event. to delayed deliveries the omission 10.2 A Force Majeure Event may, among other things, comprise the actions or omissions of a public authority, new or amended legislation, labour conflicts, blockades, war, riots, sabotage, extreme weather conditions, lightning strikes, fire, explosion, flooding, natural disasters or accidents. Intellectual property rights 11.1 The Agreement does not entail any transfer of copyright or other intellectual property rights to the Customer. Unless authorised in writing by Telia, the Customer may not use, copy, change or otherwise handle software or other equipment belonging to the Service, nor may the Customer assign or lease the rights to such software or equipment to a third party. Special licence terms may also apply to software that is part of the Service. 12 Transfer of Agreement 12.1 The Customer is entitled to transfer the Agreement in full or in part, provided that Telia gives its permission. Telia is entitled to transfer the Agreement to another company within the same group, or to any third party that has acquired the business that provides the Service. The Customer's choice of default operator is not covered by any such transfer. 12.2 The withdrawing Customer holds no payment liability for obligations occurring after the transfer date. The acceding Customer is jointly and severally liable with the withdrawing Customer for any obligations arising before the transfer data and which were known, or should have been known, to the acceding Customer as of the transfer date. 13. Amendments 13.1 Telia is entitled to make amendments or additions to these General Terms and Conditions. Such amendments or additions must be notified to the Customer no later than one (1) month before its entry into force. 13.2 Fees are changed by entering the change in the price list. However, a fee increase may not take place any earlier than one (1) month after the Customer is notified of the increase. 13.3 If the Parties have agreed on a fixed term for the Service, any change in the agreement terms to the disadvantage of the Customer may not take effect before the end of the fixed term. However, Telia may change the terms with effect during the current fixed term if the change is due to a change in the general price level, higher taxes and fees, increased prices from external subcontractors, decisions by the public authorities, or changes in legislation.The Customer's right to terminate the Agreement in such case is stated in section 14.2. 14 Termination 14.1 The Customer is entitled to terminate the Agreement subject to one (1) month's notice. 14.2 If Telia has amended the terms or otherwise changed the Service, and this change is to the disadvantage of the Customer, the Customer may terminate the Agreement with effect from the entry into force of the change, if the notice of termination is given within one (1) month after the Customer has been informed of the change. The Customer shall be deemed to have accepted the change if the Customer does not terminate the Agreement before the change enters into force. 14.3 Telia is entitled to terminate the Agreement in full or in part, subject to one (1) month's notice. 14.4 Telia is entitled to terminate the Agreement in full or in part to expire immediately if: Telia's General Terms and Conditions for services to consumers (applying as from May 25, 2018) Sidnr 4 (5) a) the Customer becomes insolvent or there are justified grounds to assume that the Customer may become insolvent; or b) the Customer's connection to the Service has been discontinued for at least one (1) month, in accordance with section 7.1. 14.5 Notwithstanding the terms concerning notice of termination stated in sections 14.1 and 14.3, if the Parties have agreed on a fixed term, a Party's notice of termination will not take effect before the end of the fixed term. 14.6 If it is apparent on the installation of the Service that it cannot be delivered, or will not function, on technical grounds, both Parties are entitled to terminate the Agreement with immediate effect. In such case, the Customer is not liable to pay any remuneration for the Service. 14.7 Notice of termination must be given in writing if so required by the Customer. Telia is entitled to require written termination if there is a justified reason to ensure that the notice of termination is given by the Customer. 15 Additional Terms and Conditions for pecific Services 15.1 Prepaid Card for mobile telephony 15.1.1 With the Service Telia Prepaid Card [Swe. Telia Kontantkort], the Customer will charge its Prepaid Card by selecting a charging package, available at any time. Each charging package has a validity and a price shown in the price list. If the Customer does not make a new charge at the end of the validity period, the prices in the selected charging package will expire and the prices in "Basprislista Kontantkort" becomes applicable. Read more about current charging packages at www.telia.se/kontantkort. 15.1.2 The Customer may register its Prepaid Card by submitting its customer data to Telia If the Customer wishes to move its telephone number to another operator, administrate its Prepaid Card on the website Mitt Telia or use the Prepaid Card within EU/EES (Roam Like At Home), the prepaid card must be registered. If Telia is required to register customer data in accordance with a public authority's decision or regulation, on request the Customer must provide such data to Telia. 15.1.3 The Agreement will expire with immediate effect without prior notice of termination if the Customer has not during the past 12 months either used the Prepaid Card to make a call at the ordinary rate, send an SMS, use the internet or if no value is added to the SIM card. 15.2 Broadband 15.2.1 For fibre-based Telia Broadband, the property to which the Service is to be delivered is required to be subject to a special agreement between Telia and the property owners or economic associations or owner of the external network, or a representative of such owners ("kommunikationsoperatör"), hereinafter referred to as connection agreement (the "Connection Agreement"). the Connection Agreement expires, Telia will be entitled to terminate the Agreement in writing with one (1) month's notice, irrespective of whether a fixed term has been agreed. 15.2.2 For Services that include e-mail accounts the storage capacity is limited. The Customer is responsible for adhering to any limitations to the Service at any time. If the Customer exceeds the assigned storage capacity, Telia cannot guarantee the functioning of the Service. Telia is entitled to delete e-mail that exceeds the current storage capacity. 15.2.3 If the Customer does not use its e-mail account within twelve (12) months after Telia starts providing the Service to the Customer, Telia's General Terms and Conditions for services to consumers (applying as from May 25, 2018) Sidnr 5 (5) 17.2 In case of any discrepancy between the provisions of the General Terms and Conditions in Swedish and this English version of the General Terms and Conditions, the Swedish version shall prevail. This English version is provided for informative purposes only. 18 Entry into force 18.1 These General Terms and Conditions apply as from May 25, 2018 and replace all previous General and Additional Terms and Conditions for services to consumers.or if the Customer has activated an e-mail account but subsequently does not use it for a consecutive period of at least twelve (12) months, Telia is entitled to close the e-mail account. 15.2.4 Depending on the distance from the Customer's installation address to the nearest telestation, the transmission speed for the Service may sometimes be lower than for ordinary subscriptions. For the same reason, the Customer's Service may also be subject to limitations on upgrading to a higher bandwidth. The same applies if a certain bandwidth is shared with other customers, depending on how many customers use the Service at the same time. Telia does not warrant the transmission speed at wireless connection to broadband equipment 15.3 TV from Telia 15.3.1 The Service includes access to the TV channels and interactive services (such as play services, the movie store and pay- per-view) offered by Telia separately or in packages at any time. The TV channels, channel content and interactive services included in the Service may be changed during time as it is provided by the respective broadcasting companies. Telia is not responsible for the content of the channels and services offered. Section 14.2 is not applicable in such cases. The corresponding also apply where the Customer has an Agreement on a fixed term for the Service. Telia continuously provides information on current TV packages via the Service or on its website, see www.telia.se/tv. 15.3.2 For the Customer's use of the interactive service, Telia is entitled to charge a fee in addition to the subscription fee. Pricing is provided when the interactive service is ordered. 15.3.3 Telia is entitled, for copyright reasons or at the request of a broadcasting company or another rights holder, to limit the technical opportunities for the Customer to use the Service as regards copying or otherwise handling distributed material. 16 Notifications and information 16.1 Telia may provide information or other notifications to the Customer via the Service. 16.2 The Customer is responsible for ensuring that the postal address or e-mail address that the Customer has provided to Telia is current and valid. Notifications by e-mail to the e-mail address specified by the Customer and notifications provided via the Service shall be deemed to have been received by the Customer on the same day it is sent. Letters sent to the address provided by the Customer shall be deemed received within seven (7) days after it is mailed, unless it is considered likely that the notification arrived after this date. 16.3 At the "Mitt Telia" website that can be accessed from www.telia.se ("Mitt Telia") there is information available regarding, among other things, subscription, fixed term and services and the possibility to view invoices, make changes to Services and orders, change given consent etc. To access Mitt Telia, either login information or BankID is needed. 17 Disputes 17.1 Any disputes concerning the interpretation or application of the Agreement must be decided by a Swedish court, in accordance with Swedish law. The dispute may also be considered by the Swedish National Board [Swe: Allmänna for Consumer Disputes (P O Box 174, 101 23 Stockholm, reklamationsnämnden] www.arn.se), whose decision is a recommendation to the Parties for how the dispute should be resolved. The National Board for Consumer Disputes does not consider disputes that solely concern the basis for invoicing Services.