▼ ▼ ▼ Popular Videos Trending Now Added by Share Video Suggested friends to send video to Link Embed Love Telly? Sign in to Telly Create a Collection Collect & Share videos you love. A collection is a set of videos built around a common theme. Here are some good examples of collection titles: The Awesome Channel, Best of Family Guy, Funny Impressions, or 's Top Vids. Collection Title Who can post? Just me Me + Editors Anyone Create a Telly Account You need to create an account to use many of the features on this site. Name Telly Username - http://telly.com/ YOUR_USERNAME Email Password Help Simply drag and drop user icons or collection icons throught the site to your favorites bar. You can also sort the order of your favorites by dragging them up and down within the list. To remove a favorite, click the X to the right of the user. Recently, we've started to migrate existing Twitvid users to Telly. Your Twitvid profile and all your videos will now be accessible on the Telly.com domain. No action is needed on your part for this migration - You will still able to do everything on Telly that you could do on Twitvid: Easily upload videos to Twitter or Facebook from the mobile apps or the website, watch videos from your favorite Twitter users, or embed your videos on other sites . In addition, we've added a whole set of new features for you to enjoy: Organize and share your favorite web videos: Setup the browser extension or our Chrome Bookmarklet to share cool videos you find on the internet Build a following for your videos: Upload your own videos, or share existing videos you find online to your own Telly profile. Discover awesome videos: Follow others and discover what videos they like or watch We hope you enjoy these features and many more! Help us make the product better by sending us your feedback at hi@telly.com Edit your Profile Name Bio Email URL http://telly.com// Website Profile Pic Upload new pic : Who can post? Just me Me + Editors Anyone Enable Moderation Remove this collection Email me when I am sent a reply or @ mention My Videos are Commented on Someone Follows me or one of my collections My Videos are Liked My Videos are Reposted People watch my videos There are New Features and Tips on Telly A new weekly digest of videos is available A new hot video is released (daily) Language Preference English العربية Español Русский 한국어 Change your Telly Password You can also add a password to your account if you don't have one (signed in with Facebook or Twitter) New Password "My Telly" is a personalized stream of recommended videos based on what your friends are watching, commenting on, liking, and sharing. For increased privacy, you can turn off your own "watch" action, so your friends only see what you've shared, liked or commented on—and not watched. Publish Watch Actions If you no longer wish to have a Telly account, you may delete all of your posted videos, comments, likes, etc by permanently deleting your user below. Warning: account deletions are irreversible. All of your data will be erased. Add a Video to your Telly Profile Uploading your file... Your video has uploaded. Make sure you have filled up the extra info and continue! Ooops. It seems something went wrong. Try again :( Your video is uploading. Please be patient, it shouldn’t be very long.Share on Facebook No Share on Twitter No Edit Call to Action CTA Type: Supported Devices Web iPhone & iPad Android URL URL for iPhone & iPad URL for Android Devices Follow on Telly:The Telly Team We Dig Video The Team The Telly team is both a community and a company. We have a clear goal - to change the way online video is discovered. Our fast growing team combines creative, technical and strategic talents everyday to build products our users love. If you share our passion for video and have the courage to reshape the way people watch video everyday, drop us a line. Mo Al Adham CEO Mo Al Adham is the CEO & Co-founder of Telly. He graduated with a Bachelor’s degree in Software Engineering from the University of Waterloo in Canada. In 2007, Mo, along with Adil Lalani founded Telly and raised money from DFJ and Azure Capital. In 2009, Telly launched its first product, Twitvid, which quickly became the most popular way to share a video on Twitter. Adil Lalani CPO Adil Lalani is the Chief Product Officer of Telly. He was previously CTO of Twitvid, which became the most popular third-party video service for Twitter. Prior to starting Twitvid, Adil was studying Software Engineering at the University of Waterloo and founded another startup, which he sold at 19. Hustling with style Mohammad Chief International Officer Mohamed Managing Director MENA Evan Frontend Lead David Platform Lead Evelio Android Lead Alex iOS Lead Mazyad iOS Dev Ahmad Operations Maxim Dev Ops Dan Community Manager Talani Executive Assistant Mike Advisor Discover & share your favorite videos Copyright © 2008-2013 Telly Inc. Handcrafted in San Francisco, California. Privacy Policy and Terms of Use