My forum A little text to describe your forum Skip to content Search Advanced search Quick links Unanswered topics Active topics Search FAQ Login Register Board index Search My forum - Privacy policy This policy explains in detail how "My forum" along with its affiliated companies (hereinafter "we", "us", "our", "My forum", "https://forum.telldus.com") and phpBB (hereinafter "they", "them", "their", "phpBB software", "www.phpbb.com", "phpBB Limited", "phpBB Teams") use any information collected during any session of usage by you (hereinafter "your information"). Your information is collected via two ways. Firstly, by browsing "My forum" will cause the phpBB software to create a number of cookies, which are small text files that are downloaded on to your computer's web browser temporary files. The first two cookies just contain a user identifier (hereinafter "user-id") and an anonymous session identifier (hereinafter "session-id"), automatically assigned to you by the phpBB software. A third cookie will be created once you have browsed topics within "My forum" and is used to store which topics have been read, thereby improving your user experience. We may also create cookies external to the phpBB software whilst browsing "My forum", though these are outside the scope of this document which is intended to only cover the pages created by the phpBB software. The second way in which we collect your information is by what you submit to us. This can be, and is not limited to: posting as an anonymous user (hereinafter "anonymous posts"), registering on "My forum" (hereinafter "your account") and posts submitted by you after registration and whilst logged in (hereinafter "your posts"). Your account will at a bare minimum contain a uniquely identifiable name (hereinafter "your user name"), a personal password used for logging into your account (hereinafter "your password") and a personal, valid email address (hereinafter "your email"). Your information for your account at "My forum" is protected by data-protection laws applicable in the country that hosts us. Any information beyond your user name, your password, and your email address required by "My forum" during the registration process is either mandatory or optional, at the discretion of "My forum". In all cases, you have the option of what information in your account is publicly displayed. Furthermore, within your account, you have the option to opt-in or opt-out of automatically generated emails from the phpBB software. Your password is ciphered (a one-way hash) so that it is secure. However, it is recommended that you do not reuse the same password across a number of different websites. Your password is the means of accessing your account at "My forum", so please guard it carefully and under no circumstance will anyone affiliated with "My forum", phpBB or another 3rd party, legitimately ask you for your password. Should you forget your password for your account, you can use the "I forgot my password" feature provided by the phpBB software. This process will ask you to submit your user name and your email, then the phpBB software will generate a new password to reclaim your account. Board index All times are UTC Delete cookies Powered by phpBB® Forum Software © phpBB Limited Privacy TermsPrivacy Policy Telldus Privacy Policy As of 25 May, the entire EU received a new data protection regulation, called GDPR, which regulates how companies and organizations treat personal data. We at Telldus would like to ask you as our customer to please read the policy carefully. Protecting your data, privacy and personal information is very important for us at Telldus. It is important for us that our customers feel secure when using the Services. Telldus is marketed by Telldus Technologies AB, Birger Svenssons Väg 34B, 43240 Varberg, Sweden. Topics What Information we collectHow the information is usedHow long the information is keptWho do we share your data withPromotions and MarketingCookiesYour rightsChanges to the privacy policyHow to contact us What Information we collect When you use our Software and Services we only collect information provided by you. We attempt to limit the information we collect to only what is necessary to legitimately provide our services. The following information is collected when you first register with Telldus Live! NameEmail AddressActivation Code associated with your Telldus GatewayThe Activation code is used to connect/activate a gateway to your Telldus account. Once activated, the following information is collected via the Gateway:IP Address The IP address is used to lookup latitude and longitude coordinates and city/country. The purpose of collected coordinates is to determine sunrise and sunset which can be used to control light switches. The city/country is used determine if newsletter is to be sent for the geographic location Firmware version which is installed on the GatewayMAC address associated with your Telldus GatewayLocation The IP address is used to lookup latitude and longitude coordinates and city/country. In order to be more accurate location may be set manually by you. The purpose of collecting coordinates is to determine sunrise and sunset which can be used to control light switches. The city/country is used determine if newsletter is to be sent for the geographic location. If you do not want the coordinates to be stored by us you can set location to 0 0 coordinates. The following information is received when you contact our Support. This information is logged into the Support Platform NameEmail address When you use our Mobile Application for Android & iOS and Web Portal , the following information is collected in Google Analytics and Fabric Crashlytics. OS, browser version, browser language, country, city, viewed pagesCrash logs The information we collect in Google Analytics is anonymized and cannot be connected to you. If our Telldus Mobile Application on your smart device crashes for some reason, a crash log is uploaded to us. Only when you contact customer support is the crash log used to help investigate the problem. The log is not used for any other purposes but only for improvement of the Software. When sensors and devices are connected to your account, the following information is collected: device name,sensor valuesdevice statebattery status (if available) Your type of service you have subscribed to: Basic AccessPremium Access When you are connecting third party devices that work with Telldus Software, we also collect the information coming from these sensors and devices; which could be periodic readings around Weather information and dataTemperaturePressureAnd so on We also collect/store the event triggers and schedules that the customers are setting up to control their devices and sensors. This information is stored in our cloud and is available to you each time you log into use the Telldus Smart Automation Services. This data is vital for you to control your home automation. When geofence is activated, your location data is collected and compared with the geofence you set up, to determine when you enter or exit an area. Your current location is not stored. When a device is triggered by a geofence, the action is stored in the device log for that device. It will look the same as if the device was manually controlled from the app. Geofence data is only stored locally on your mobile device. No data about your location is in any way stored, transfered, or used in any other context than performing the actions you select for the geofence in the app. How the information is used We may use your e-mail address to contact you as a proactive measure to provide technical support.We perform usage trends analysis based on anonymized data. This analysis is important to us as it helps us in maintaining the system and provide improvements to the web portal and app . This also is a value add for you as our user in improving the service for you.When you contact our customer support relating to an application crash we may use the crash log that has been automatically uploaded. The crash log is not used for any other purpose and only when you contact support. It is also available for you if you would like to have a copy of it.We perform research on the equipment that is connected to Telldus Live to provide enhancements and new product offerings. Reports that are generated from the usage is anonymized.We perform research on support errands to better understand the challenges encountered by you. Any reports that are generated from the usage are anonymized. How long the information is kept There are 2 forms of subscriptions with Telldus Live!; a free service called BASIC Access and a Paid Service called PREMIUM ACCESS. Each service has a different amount of storage time defined as to how long the historical data is kept for each device or sensor.The device state is only stored for 1 week.The sensor history is kept for 1 week for BASIC Access and indefinitely for PREMIUM Access.When a premium subscriber chooses to leave a service they have a choice to remove the historical data or keep it. Note the historical data is only available for premium subscribers. Your data is kept for as long as you are an active user. If you are inactive for 3 years in Telldus Live a notification will be sent asking if your account should be removed. If after 5 years no activity or response the account is removed along with all the historical data and support communication.We collect through Google analytics data associated with your IP address for a period of 26 months. Who do we share your data with No data is shared without your consent.Telldus Live provides a framework where external services can access your data (example IFTTT and Alexa). External services require to login to Telldus Live and a list of profiles that are intended to be accessed by the service are listed. By logging in you grant access to listed profiles (example, ability to turn on and off lights through the external service).We are not always aware of how the external service use your data but if there are any question about these external services please contact us at privacy@telldus.com. Promotions and Marketing We also would like to contact you with new Promotional offers, Digital Newsletters and marketing emails relating to our current and future services and products. We don’t collect any other data for contacting you with Promotions and Marketing material rather use your email.To send you details about unrelated services or products or special offers and discounts which are being provided by our selected business partners.We also provide an option to unsubscribe or opt-out of further communication on any electronic marketing communication sent to you or you may opt out by contacting us. Cookies Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information. This information is used to track visitor use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity. For further information visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org Your rights Under GDPR regulation you have the following rights relating to the data we collect about you. You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you.You also have the right for data portability and transfer the data we have collected to another service.You have the right for your personal information is accurate and up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information you think is inaccurate.When you discontinue using the Telldus Live services you have the right to request that the personal data we have collected is removed. Please contact us at privacy@telldus.se to exercise any of these rights. If you request the information in digital form we need to secure that you own the account by requesting that you provide us some form of identification before the information is shared. Changes to the privacy policy We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 11th April 2023 and launched on 11th April 2023. How to contact us Please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy or information we hold about you: by email (privacy@telldus.se)or write to us at: Telldus Technologies AB, Birger Svenssons Väg 34B, 43240 Varberg, Sweden. Copyright © 2023 Telldus Technologies AB. All rights reserved. Telldus Telldus® är ett svenskt varumärke som ägs och marknadsförs av Telldus Technologies AB Birger Svenssons väg 34B 432 40 Varberg Om Telldus Behöver du hjälp? Låt dig inspireras! Registrera dig för vårt nyhetsbrev. Följ ossPersonal data policy For us it is important that the personal data you as a customer and user entrust to us is handled in a carful, responsible, transparent and legal way. In this text we give an overview of what we do with your personal information. We handle your data according to Swedish and European data protection legislation. This policy applies to all Telldus Technologies AB’s websites. Telldus Technologies AB’s personal data policy describes what information is collected, the purpose for which it is collected, how your personal data is collected and how it is used. The policy also specifies how you can access and update your personal information and choose how data about you may be used and how to get it deleted. Telldus Technologies AB is a Personal Information Data Controller in accordance with these terms and is responsible for the processing in accordance with the applicable legislation. It is important that you read and understand our personal data policy before using our services. This privacy policy applies when you use any of our websites, apps and services included in any app or on a website administered by Telldus Technologies AB and when buying and receiving goods from Telldus Technologies AB (the “service”). Personal data is a piece of information that can be directly or indirectly linked to a physical person. Examples of personal information includes name, address, telephone number and e-mail address. Information about IP numbers and your user behaviour when using the service may also be considered as personal data. Treatment includes all processing of personal data, such as collection, analysis, registration and storage. The controller is the one who, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of the personal data and is responsible for ensuring that such processing takes place in accordance with the applicable law. 1. Sources The policy applies to personal information we collect from, or if, our customers from the following sources: Sites run by Telldus Technologies AB On our domains and in our apps, as well as our websites and on social media related to third parties such as Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. Customer Service Inquiries Your customer history and e-mail communication with our customer service. E-mail communication Electronic communication between you and Telldus Technologies AB. Demographic data All information you provide during registration is collected. Geographical data on residential areas can also be collected. Technical information, computer/mobile phone Information about your computer or similar equipment used to access our website, such as the IP address of your computer/device, operating system, browser and version. If you are using a smartphone or other mobile device, we also collect information about the phone’s unique ID, advertising ID, geographic location, etc. for the device. 2. Personal data we collect about you and how we collect data Depending on how you communicate with Telldus Technologies AB, we collect different types of information for the purposes below: Person and contact information This may be the information you provide that will enable us to contact you; e.g. name, social security number, address, country, phone number, e-mail address, etc. Information regarding use of websites/communications When you visit our website, we use automated data collection technologies to collect information about your activities. This includes links you click, pages and content you view and the corresponding information and statistics about your visit. The information is automatically obtained by using cookies (browser cookies and session cookies) and by using third-party tracking services. Certain information is automatically collected when you use the service, including information about your use of the service, technical data such as IP address, hardware specification, operating system and browser version, geographic information and address information. We may update your information from other public records, such as SPAR, if necessary to maintain good registers. Cookies Telldus Technologies AB’s websites, www.telldus.com, telldus.se use permanent cookies for best functionality. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer and contains information. Cookies are used for purely technical reasons for website functionality, such as logging in, navigating, and form management. There are two kinds of cookies; one kind that saves a file permanently on your computer and another kind that is stored temporarily while you are on the website. If you do not want to allow the storage of cookies on your computer, you can turn it off in your browser settings (see your browser’s instruction, the procedure will vary depending on your browser). However, this means that the functionality of the website may be limited.Log files We collect information using log files that record activities on our site and collect statistics about your surfing habits. This information is automatically created to help us find bugs, improve performance, and maintain the security of your site. Web tags Web tags are scripts that use codes associated with graphic objects on a site or in an e-mail message. The purpose of them is to send the data back to us. Examples of information collected include technical information such as IP addresses, and information about how to respond to an e-mail campaign (for example, the time when the email was opened, the link you clicked, if you are using a computer/mobile phone, etc.). We use Web tags on our website and in e-mail communication. We use collected information to measure traffic on the website, e.g. number of visitors, in order to tailor the pages. 3. Purposes of the processing of your Personal data Telldus Technologies AB processes your personal data in accordance with the applicable legislation. Telldus Technologies AB uses your information for general business purposes such as providing the service, to improve your experience of the service, to inform you about our service updates and terms of use, to improve and develop the service and new services and products, and to analyse your use of the service, to ensure the technical functionality of the service, to prevent the use of the service in violation of the terms of service and for the prevention and investigation misuse of the service, direct marketing, demographic studies to measure the effect of marketing and advertising campaigns, statistics and analyses, and to fulfil obligations under the law. 4. Disclosure of personal data We will never disclose personal data to third parties for any purpose other than to update data for public records or statistics/analyses performed by third parties on our behalf. The data are depersonalised to the maximum extent possible. Third parties are not granted any right to use your personal information for purposes other than those set forth in this privacy policy. Personal data may also be disclosed if we are required to do so as a result of a court order or if we have received your consent to such disclosure. If there is a suspicion that you have committed a criminal offence in connection with the use of the service, information may, upon request, be disclosed to the authorities. 5. Retention of personal data By providing information to us in the service, you consent to our processing of the personal data specified for the above-mentioned purposes. As a legal basis for processing, we use consent, compliance with contract, legal obligation or legitimate interest. In cases where we use legitimate interest as a basis, it will only be made for the purposes stated above and for our or other company on the group’s behalf. The processing of personal data is done in accordance with the applicable legislation and means that personal data are not stored for a longer period than is necessary in the light of the purposes of the processing. As long as you hold an account with us, we will store your personal information. For marketing purposes, only relevant information that is not older than 36 months from the end of your last visit is used. This means, in practical terms, that data are culled when they are no longer current or necessary for analysis or direct marketing for the purposes for which they have been collected. You have the right to have your personal data deleted without undue delay unless the personal data are necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed. You have the right at any time to request that your information be corrected if these are incorrect. In the event that we are required by law to store your information, the data cannot be deleted, but only blocked. 6. Processing of personal data We have designed a number of methods to keep the personal information you provide as secret and safe as possible. Please note that the protection does not include data that you choose to share in social media. Who has access to your personal data?Your personal data is handled only by authorized personnel who have access to them by virtue of their position, and who must have access to/use the data only for specified/justified purposes. Operating EnvironmentWe store your personal data in our operational environments. It uses common security methods to prevent unauthorised access. We comply with the applicable laws and generally accepted standards to protect private and sensitive data. 7. Access to personal data Under applicable law, you have the right to request, free of charge, a physical or electronic copy of the data we have stored about you. You also have the right to request information about the source from which your personal information has been collected.You can access your personal information by contacting us:Telldus Technologies ABPersonuppgiftsansvarigBirger Svenssons väg 34B432 40 Varberg Please attach a copy of your ID card or equivalent (if permitted by law). If the request is sent by someone other than you, and there is no indication that it is from you, the request is rejected. If the request is manifestly unfounded or unreasonable, in particular because of its repetitive nature, we are entitled to submit a charge or refuse to comply with the request. 8. Changes to the policy If we make changes in the way we process or store your personal information, we will update our policy. We reserve the right to make changes to our practices and policies. Check the policy regularly on our website www.telldus.com to see if it has been changed or updated. 9. Conflict of laws and dispute resolution Processing of your personal data under this personal data policy shall be interpreted in accordance with Swedish law. Disputes shall be settled by the Swedish General Court. If you would like to ask questions or make comments about our privacy policy or complain about compliance with applicable personal data laws, please contact us at:Telldus Technologies ABPersonuppgiftsansvarigBirger Svenssons väg 34B432 40 Varberg or send an e-mail to: privacy@telldus.se We endeavour to process and respond to any comments on how we process personal data, including breaches of your rights under applicable personal data laws. If you believe that your rights are not respected by us, please feel free to contact us at the addresses listed above or you can get in touch with the Integrity Protection Authority (Integritetsskyddsmyndigheten) ( Data Inspection Board/Datainspektionen). Telldus EN Telldus® is a Swedish brand owned and marketed by Telldus Technologies AB Birger Svenssons väg 34B 432 40 Varberg About Telldus Do you need help? Get inspired Register for our newsletter Follow us