Privacy Policy We built Tennis Round to make it easier for recreational and competitive tennis players to connect with other players at similar skill levels and set up matches at local courts. On Tennis Round you can choose your tennis partners and decide where and when to play. We love the game, the courts, the anticipation and excitement of each match, the rivalries and the friendships, the U.S. Open and the tournament atmosphere, the entertaining moments and the fun memories. We hope Tennis Round can do the admin work for you, so you can focus on the game and enjoy the sport. Racket Labs, Inc. (doing business as “Tennis Round”) owns and runs the website https://www.tennisround.com/ (the “Site”), the applications for mobile and other devices through which it offers various services and software (the Site, the App, services and software are collectively referred to as the “Service” or “Services”). Tennis Round respects the privacy of its users. This Privacy Policy explains how Tennis Round will use the information that you provide to us via the Services. Tennis Round may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. If Tennis Round does so, the revised Privacy Policy will be posted on the Site. 1. Information we collect When you register for Tennis Round we may ask for information such as your name, email address, age, phone number, profile picture, ZIP code, app and device usage. Tennis Round uses the information collected to provide products and services, for identification and authentication, to improve services, to contact users, to provide requested notifications, and for research. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Site and the quality of our service and to provide the products or services you have requested. In accordance with EU General Data Protection Regulation to make it easier to understand how user data is organized and used in the app, and because we think it’s a cool thing to do anyway, we offer more detailed, app-specific explanations below. 2.Confidentiality and security Tennis Round maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to guard your nonpublic personal information. These safeguards are reasonably designed to: Ensure the security and confidentiality of customer records and information;Protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of customer records and information; andProtect against unauthorized access to or use of customer records or information that could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to any customer. Your information is located on secure servers and encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We use transport layer security (TLS) when you sign into Tennis Round applications. 3. Information we disclose Tennis Round may disclose information that you provide to us during the registration process and that is included in your profile, including your name, age, and zip code. This profile information is by default public and may be indexed and searchable by many search engines. Tennis Round may at a future date and at its sole discretion provide you with settings that would permit you to limit the visibility of some or all of this information. Your information is not otherwise shared with or sold to other organizations for commercial purposes, except to provide products or services you’ve requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances: If it is necessary to share your information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use, to comply with subpoenas, or as otherwise required by law; orIf we transfer information about you following the acquisition of Tennis Round by another company or if Tennis Round merges with another company. In this event, Tennis Round will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. By using Tennis Round for communicating with another person via the built-in messaging functionality, you consent to the storage of your message content and history in the https://www.tennisround.com/ as well as mobile and other applications and on Tennis Round servers and its third party server instances. 4. Cookies Cookies are small text files that may be placed on your computer by our servers to identify your computer to our servers. We use cookies to record session information and to customize your user experience. No personally identifiable information stored in the Tennis Round cookies will be shared with outside companies for any purpose without your permission. 5. Facebook Advertising We may use Facebook Pixel and Facebook Custom Audiences to show more relevant ads to our site visitors on Facebook, based on information we've gathered from our users.This helps us show advertising to Facebook users, based on their interest in tennis, sports and demographic factors. 6. Changes Tennis Round may periodically update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the email address on your Tennis Round account or by placing a prominent notice on our Site. 7. Data Collection and Uses This policy applies to users of Tennis Round services globally, including users of its apps, website, blog or other services. 8. Data Controller Tennis Round provides services to users around the world. If you use our services in the US or in the EU, Racket Labs, Inc. is the data controller for your information. We process personal information in the United States and outside the United States.The data controller for the information you provide or that is collected by Tennis Round is: Racket Labs, Inc. 1548 Market Street, #91104, San Francisco, California, 94104 9. How Data Is Used in the Application In order to connect people to play tennis we collect information during the registration process and later, if users update their profiles. Specifically, we collect profile pictures, first name, last name, gender, year of birth, skill level (self assessed), phone number and country code, email address, playing location (street address, city and state, Zip code, country). Users can hide their age from public view, or use an alias instead of their real name. They can also upload a picture of their pet instead of themselves, which is not very helpful on the courts, but some people do it anyway. Once people register we record information they provide on their profile - nationality, interests, work, playing info - backhand style (one or two handed), when they started playing - favorite tennis shot, favorite tennis pros, favorite tennis tournament, as well as tennis equipment they use: racket brand, racket head size, racket weight and balance, string brand and type, string gauge and string tension. Here’s how we use user data. 10. Playing Location and Home Courts We use the tennis playing location from each user’s registration to suggest and assign the nearest tennis court as the user’s home court. We then list that tennis player under that tennis court, so other players can connect with them. The system then displays the user’s profile in search results for that location. Home courts are displayed in each player’s profile, often tennis players use more than one tennis court. 11. Player Profile, Search and Player Matching We use player profile information to provide the ability to filter search results by skill level and gender. We use age, gender, skill level and match results information in our player matching process in order to suggest to our members possible tennis opponents, who might be a good fit for them. 12. Contact Info and Messaging We do not share users’ email addresses. Instead, we relay messages among users using our systems to deliver SMS (text messages) and notifications. Users can reply to email or SMS notifications directly, without even logging into the app, and our systems deliver their message to the player they’re contacting without revealing their email address. 13. Third Party Systems Tracking and Analytics We use multiple systems and software products to provide our service. Some of these systems require tracking and recording of click information and online behavior. We use Google Analytics and Facebook Pixel to better understand how our members use our service, where the service is being used and gain insight into people’s demographics, as reported by Google and Facebook. This helps us provide a better customer experience and improve the service. 14. Personal Info and Equipment We use personal info people share on their profile to let other members know who they’re meeting and playing with. Tennis is not only a sport, but also a social activity for many, so people can be picky about who they play with. We started gathering user contributed data such as Nationality, Interests and Work to help people find common ground and possibly conversation topics on and off the court.We also collect tennis equipment data to help share knowledge around how tennis rackets and strings are being used. Racket and string specifications can play a role in overall performance on the court. String tension and stringing patterns, as well as head size and balance can differ with playing style, technique and physical ability. We use equipment data to both help the community understand how tennis equipment is being used and to partner with manufacturers and other tennis industry companies to better understand tennis gear usage and distribution. 15. Choice and Transparency The Notifications Settings page on our website https://tennisrond.com/ enables users to update their SMS notifications preferences. Users can opt in or out of getting text message (SMS) alerts.Users can also modify their phone number and email address in their Profile page via the Edit My Profile tab. Users can modify their playing location and use only Zip code or only City and state, instead of street address, to set their location.Tennis Round members can opt out of Marketing Emails directly via the email marketing vendors we use, such as MailChimp or iContact or others. Users can also opt out of marketing messages and request a copy of their data by contacting the support team at support@tennisround.com 16. Updates To This Policy We may occasionally update this privacy policy. If we make significant changes, we will inform you through our website, blog or others means, such as email. To the extent permitted by law, by using our services after such notice, you consent to our updated policy. We invite you to review this policy periodically for the latest information on our privacy practices. 17. Questions If you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy, you may address them by email to support@tennisround.com or by mail to Racket Labs, Inc. 548 Market St, #91104, San Francisco, CA 94104. © 2010 - 2023 Racket Labs, Inc. Company Website Social