Security & Privacy Responsible, secure, and privacy-focused. Branch goes beyond compliance to ensure the security and privacy of our customers’ data. Certifications Guided by strong privacy principles We offer mobile linking and measurement platforms for marketers, product leaders, and mobile app developers. So we thought it would be helpful to lay out, in plain English, the Branch Guiding Privacy Principles that drive how we’ve chosen to design our services, with privacy as a top priority. We limit the data we collect We practice data minimization, which means that we avoid collecting or storing information that we don’t need to provide our services. We do not collect or store sensitive end-user information, nor do we want to. In fact, our Terms & Conditions prohibit it. We will only provide you with data about actual end-user activity on your apps or websites We help our customers understand the relationship between web and app sessions for users they have already seen across their platforms. We do not let customers access data beyond the interactions they have directly with their own users. We do not rent or sell personal data Your data is your data no matter what. Neither your competitors nor any other company will ever have access to it. We are not in the business of renting or selling any customer’s end-user data to anyone else. Privacy advocacy Branch is committed not just to protecting the privacy of our own customers’ data, but also to advocating for transparency, user control, and the advancement of responsible data practices in the industry at large. Branch is a proud member of the Future of Privacy Forum’s Advisory Board , alongside Adobe, Bank of America, and PricewaterhouseCoopers. This non-profit organization brings together industry leaders, academics, and consumer advocates to explore the challenges posed by technology innovation and to develop privacy protections, ethical norms, and workable business practices. GDPR & CCPA At Branch, our goal is to help our customers meet both the letter and the spirit of privacy laws and regulations, including GDPR and CCPA, in a simple and straightforward way. We believe these are not simply legal requirements; respecting the privacy rights of all customers and their users is the right thing to do. Over the years, we’ve invested heavily in ensuring that our customers can use our products in compliance with these privacy laws, and we will continue to invest in industry-leading data privacy initiatives. Our security best practices Comprehensive security program Dedicated Security Team All members of the Branch security team are credentialed to the highest industry standard and bring deep expertise in cloud application security to continuously evolve security and governance practices in response to ever-shifting threats. Product Security Our secure software development lifecycle enforces diligent security reviews, secure coding practices, and continuous security testing using a mix of internal/external penetration tests and independent third-party security programs. Security is in our DNA State of the art security measures to meet growing customer needs and security challenges Cloud security Physical security controlsIntrusion detection and preventionVirus and malware protectionVulnerability detection and managementSecurity patch managementContinuous security information and event management (SIEM) Data security Industry-strength data encryption in transit and at restData leakage prevention solutionProactive security monitoring to secure data and assets Meet our security and privacy leaders Head of Security At Branch, Jamie Fullerton leads the Information Security Program and Security Team. Jamie’s career spans over two decades of professional computer hacking, security program design and implementation, executive leadership, M&A’s, and IPO’s. General Counsel & Data Protection Officer Dom serves as the Data Protection Officer for Branch and its subsidiaries and oversees Branch’s Legal function. He has nearly a decade of experience as a tech industry legal executive; previously, he was a Supreme Court & Appellate Litigation partner at a major international law firm. Dom graduated summa cum laude from NYU School of Law and clerked on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit. In the press CCPA questions every CISO should be prepared to answer Ethical data collection in the spotlight over new regulations Daily Journal: Privacy Junkie CPRA explained: New California privacy law ramps up restrictions on data use LTR: Privacy in the age of GDPR and CCPA Five ways your brand can win consumer hearts and minds Ready to ignite your mobile growth? Work Email: Country: By submitting this form, you acknowledge that Branch may send you information about our products and promotions. For information about how to opt-out of our promotional emails, click here .Branch provides the industry’s leading mobile linking and measurement platforms, unifying user experience and attribution across devices, platforms, and channels. © 2023 Branch. All rights reserved By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelAcceptable Use Policy Version Effective January 1, 2023 Table of Contents Deep Linking And Attribution Analytics Services Acceptable Use Policy Last updated June 10, 2022 collect, transmit or store any information or content that that is illegal, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically based or otherwise poses a threat to the public;collect, transmit or store any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other forms of unauthorized solicitation;collect, transmit, or store any sensitive information such as end user account passwords, financial information (e.g. bank account numbers, credit/debit card information, or any information regulated under the Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act), personal health information (including information regulated under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act), government identifiers (e.g. driver’s license, passport, national ID, social security, TIN or EIN numbers), or other information considered sensitive under applicable law such as biometric or genetic data, information about one’s religious beliefs, race, sex life or orientation; or create lists or segments of children under the age of 13, (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), advertise mobile applications or websites that are directed to children under 13, (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), and/or knowingly market products or services to children under the age of 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), without employing appropriate SDK Privacy Controls settings documented at https://help.branch.io/developers-hub/docs/sdk-privacy-controls within the Services to limit data collection for children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), in order to comply with any applicable laws protecting children (including, but not limited to, GDPR and COPPA) Effective October 11, 2022 to January 1, 2023 Table of Contents Deep Linking And Attribution Analytics Services Acceptable Use Policy Last updated June 10, 2022 This Acceptable Use Policy (“AUP”) sets forth certain restrictions on Your access and use of Branch Metrics, Inc.’s and its affiliates’ (collectively, “Branch” or “Us”) deep linking and attribution analytics services (collectively, the “Services”). This AUP is incorporated by reference into Branch’s Terms and Conditions, or instead, where there is a service agreement in place between You (“You”, “Your”, or “Customer”) and Branch Metrics, Inc. (“Agreement”). The restrictions set forth in this AUP are not exhaustive. Applicability. This Branch AUP applies to all Branch Customers, as well as all Authorized Users You provide access to the Services to on Your behalf. A breach of this AUP by You or any Authorized Users is considered a breach of the Agreement between You and Branch. Definitions. The capitalized terms that are not defined in this AUP will have the meanings assigned to them in the Agreement. Prohibited Actions. You will not use Branch’s Services to do any of the following: collect, transmit or store any information or content that that is illegal, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically based or otherwise poses a threat to the public;collect, transmit or store any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other forms of unauthorized solicitation;collect, transmit, or store any sensitive information such as end user account passwords, financial information (e.g. bank account numbers, credit/debit card information, or any information regulated under the Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act), personal health information (including information regulated under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act), government identifiers (e.g.driver’s license, passport, national ID, social security, TIN or EIN numbers), or other information considered sensitive under applicable law such as biometric or genetic data, information about one’s religious beliefs, race, sex life or orientation; or create lists or segments of children under the age of 13, (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), advertise mobile applications or websites that are directed to children under 13, (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), and/or knowingly market products or services to children under the age of 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), without employing appropriate SDK Privacy Controls settings documented at within the Services to limit data collection for children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), in order to comply with any applicable laws protecting children (including, but not limited to, GDPR and COPPA) Intellectual Property Restrictions. You shall not attempt to reverse engineer, disassemble, copy or decompile the Services in any way. You shall also refrain from infringing any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other right of any party (including, but not limited to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 ("DMCA") in Your use of the Services. Branch reserves the right to take any and all actions it deems necessary to mitigate and discontinue any suspected or actual infringement of the foregoing. Service Integrity Restrictions. You shall not attempt to perform any penetration testing, security vulnerability testing or other scans or tests to exploit the Services or attempt to bypass the Service’s security mechanisms or filtering capabilities. Additionally, You shall not attempt to perform any denial of service (DoS) attack on the Services or any other conduct that attempts to disrupt, disable, or overload the Services. Effective July 1, 2022 to October 11, 2022 Table of Contents Deep Linking And Attribution Analytics Services Acceptable Use Policy Last updated June 10, 2022 This Acceptable Use Policy (“AUP”) sets forth certain restrictions on Your access and use of Branch Metrics, Inc.’s and its affiliates’ (collectively, “Branch” or “Us”) deep linking and attribution analytics services (collectively, the “Services”). This AUP is incorporated by reference into Branch’s Terms and Conditions, or instead, where there is a service agreement in place between You (“You”, “Your”, or “Customer”) and Branch Metrics, Inc. (“Agreement”). The restrictions set forth in this AUP are not exhaustive. Applicability. This Branch AUP applies to all Branch Customers, as well as all Authorized Users You provide access to the Services to on Your behalf. A breach of this AUP by You or any Authorized Users is considered a breach of the Agreement between You and Branch. Definitions. The capitalized terms that are not defined in this AUP will have the meanings assigned to them in the Agreement. Prohibited Actions. You will not use Branch’s Services to do any of the following: collect, transmit or store any information or content that that is illegal, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically based or otherwise poses a threat to the public;collect, transmit or store any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other forms of unauthorized solicitation;collect, transmit, or store any sensitive information such as end user account passwords, financial information (e.g. bank account numbers, credit/debit card information, or any information regulated under the Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act), personal health information (including information regulated under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act), government identifiers (e.g. driver’s license, passport, national ID, social security, TIN or EIN numbers), or other information considered sensitive under applicable law such as biometric or genetic data, information about one’s religious beliefs, race, sex life or orientation; or create lists or segments of children under the age of 13, (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), advertise mobile applications or websites that are directed to children under 13, (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), and/or knowingly market products or services to children under the age of 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), without employing appropriate SDK Privacy Controls settings documented at https://help.branch.io/developers-hub/docs/sdk-privacy-controls within the Services to limit data collection for children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), in order to comply with any applicable laws protecting children (including, but not limited to, GDPR and COPPA) Intellectual Property Restrictions.You shall not attempt to reverse engineer, disassemble, copy or decompile the Services in any way. You shall also refrain from infringing any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other right of any party (including, but not limited to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act of 1998 ("DMCA") in Your use of the Services. Branch reserves the right to take any and all actions it deems necessary to mitigate and discontinue any suspected or actual infringement of the foregoing. Service Integrity Restrictions. You shall not attempt to perform any penetration testing, security vulnerability testing or other scans or tests to exploit the Services or attempt to bypass the Service’s security mechanisms or filtering capabilities. Additionally, You shall not attempt to perform any denial of service (DoS) attack on the Services or any other conduct that attempts to disrupt, disable, or overload the Services. Effective June 1, 2022 to July 1, 2022 Table of Contents Deep Linking And Attribution Analytics Services Acceptable Use Policy ast updated March 26th, 2020 This Acceptable Use Policy (“AUP”) sets forth certain restrictions on Your access and use of Branch Metrics, Inc.’s and its affiliates’ (collectively, “Branch” or “Us”) deep linking and attribution analytics services (collectively, the “Services”). This AUP is incorporated by reference into Branch’s Terms and C onditions, or in stead, where there is a service agreement in place between You (“You”, “Your”, or “Customer”) and Branch Metrics, Inc. (“Agreement”). The restrictions set forth in this AUP are not exhaustive. Definitions. The capitalized terms that are not defined in this AUP will have the meanings assigned to them in the Agreement. You will not use Branch’s Services to do any of the following: upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any information that contains anything unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful, or racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable;harm Us or third parties in any way;impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise misrepresent Customer’s affiliation with a person or entity;upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any information that Customer does not have a right to transmit under any law or under contractual or fiduciary relationships (such as inside information, proprietary and confidential information learned or disclosed as part of employment relationships or under nondisclosure agreements); upload, post, email or otherwise transmit any information that infringes any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright, or other right of any party;upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other forms of unauthorized solicitation;upload, post, email, or otherwise transmit any material that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files, or programs designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment; upload, post, email, enable the Services to collect, or otherwise transmit any sensitive information such as end user account passwords, financial information (e.g. bank account numbers, credit/debit card information, or any information regulated under the Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act), personal health information (including information regulated under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act), government identifiers (e.g.driver’s license, passport, national ID, social security, TIN or EIN numbers), or other information considered sensitive under applicable law such as biometric or genetic data, information about one’s religious beliefs, race, sex life or orientation; create lists or segments of children under the age of 13, (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), advertise mobile applications or websites that are directed to children under 13, (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), and/or knowingly market products or services to children under the age of 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), without employing appropriate SDK Privacy Controls settings documented at https://help.branch.io/developers-hub/docs/sdk-privacy-controls within the Services to limit data collection for children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), in order to comply with any applicable laws protecting children (including, but not limited to, GDPR and COPPA); interfere with or disrupt the Services or servers or networks connected to the Services, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Services;intentionally or unintentionally violate any applicable local, state, national or international law or regulation;reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to discover the underlying code of the Services;“stalk” or otherwise harass another; orpermit any third party which pools or aggregates data across its customers to use the data provided to Customer through the Services for its own benefit or use. Branch SaaS Terms & Conditions Version Effective June 22, 2023 Table of Contents Branch SaaS Terms & Conditions 1. Introduction 2. Definitions https://docs.branch.io/ 3. SERVICE ACCESS AND AVAILABILITY 4. USE RESTRICTIONS; UPDATES & SUPPORT https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-aup here http://help.branch.io/ http://help.branch.io/ 5. BETA SERVICES 6. PAYMENT TERMS https://branch.io/pricing/ 7. TERMINATION Branch Acceptable Use Policy http://help.branch.io/ 8. SURVIVAL 9. PRIVACY POLICY & DATA RIGHTS http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ ttp://www.aboutads.info/ http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-privacypolicy http://www.aboutads.info/principles http://www.edaa.eu/european-principles/ Branch’s Privacy Policy https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-ca-privacy-addendum 10. RESTRICTED AREAS OF THE SERVICES 11. LINKS AND THIRD-PARTY CONTENT 12. TRADEMARKS 13. AGENCIES & PARTNERS 14. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 15. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS 16. WARRANTY & DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES 17. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 18. INDEMNITY 19. MISCELLANEOUS 20. CONTACTING US info@branch.io Effective January 1, 2023 to June 22, 2023 Table of Contents Terms & Conditions 1. Introduction 2. Definitions 3. SERVICE ACCESS AND AVAILABILITY 4. USE RESTRICTIONS; UPDATES & SUPPORT 5. BETA SERVICES 6. PAID SERVICE TERMS 7. TERMINATION 8. SURVIVAL 9. PRIVACY POLICY & DATA RIGHTS 10. RESTRICTED AREAS OF THE SERVICES 11. LINKS AND THIRD-PARTY CONTENT 12. TRADEMARKS 13. AGENCIES & PARTNERS 14. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 15. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS 16. WARRANTY & DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES 17. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 18. INDEMNITY 19. MISCELLANEOUS 20. CONTACTING US Effective December 29, 2022 to January 1, 2023 Table of Contents Terms & Conditions 1. Introduction These Terms & Conditions (“ Terms ”) are entered into by and between of Branch Metrics, Inc., a Delaware corporation d/b/a Branch Metrics (" Branch ," " Branch Metrics ," " we ," or " us ") and the entity or person accessing this website (“ Website ”) or placing an order for or accessing any Services made available by Branch Metrics (“ Customer ” or “ you ” or “ your ”). “ Services " means the products and services that are made available online by Branch under these Terms, the “ Beta Services ”, as defined in these Terms, other services or products that Branch may make available from time to time, including associated Branch offline or mobile components. Services exclude (i) Web-based, mobile, offline or other software application functionality that interoperates with a Service, that is provided by Customer or a third party, and (ii) Third-Party Content, as defined in these Terms. By indicating your acceptance of these Terms or using any of our Services, you agree to be legally bound by, and use our Services in compliance with, all terms, conditions, and notices in the Agreement. By agreeing to these Terms, you warrant that you are authorized to agree to these Terms on behalf of you and/or your company. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE OUR WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES. 2.Definitions “ Agreement ” means these Terms together with any applicable Order Forms, and any exhibits, appendices, schedules, or attachments identified or referenced in these Terms, and any amendments attached hereto or hereafter attached by mutual written agreement of the parties (all of which are incorporated herein by reference). “ Order Form ” means an ordering document or online order specifying the Services to be provided hereunder that is entered into between Customer and Branch or any of their Affiliates, including any addenda and supplements thereto. By entering into an Order Form hereunder, an Affiliate agrees to be bound by the terms of the Agreement as if it were an original party hereto. “ Documentation ” means the applicable Service’s documentation and usage guidelines at , or its successor URL. “ Affiliate ” means any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the subject entity. “Control,” for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity. Modifications . We may make changes to these Terms from time to time. When we do, we will revise the "Last updated" date given above. It is your responsibility to review these Terms frequently and to remain informed of any changes to them. The then-current version of these Terms will supersede all earlier versions. You agree that your continued use of our Services after such changes have been published to our Services will constitute your acceptance of such revised Terms. 3. SERVICE ACCESS AND AVAILABILITY Branch will make the Services available to you pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and solely for Customer’s internal business needs. Branch shall: (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to make the online Services available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, except for: (i) planned downtime (of which Branch shall give advance electronic notice), (ii) emergency maintenance that is reasonably unforeseeable and necessary for purposes of maintaining the integrity or operation of the Services, regardless of the notice provided by Branch and (iii) any unavailability caused by circumstances beyond Branch’s reasonable control, including, for example, an act of God, act of government, flood, fire, earthquake, civil unrest, act of terror, strike or other labor problem (other than one involving Branch employees), Internet service provider failure or delay, integrated third party applications , or denial of service attack, and (b) provide the Services in accordance with laws and government regulations applicable to Branch’s provision of its Services to its customers generally (i.e., without regard for Customer’s particular use of the Services), and subject to Customer’s use of the Services in accordance with the Agreement, the Documentation and the applicable Order Form. Your rights to access and use the Services are limited by all terms set forth in the Agreement. 4. USE RESTRICTIONS; UPDATES & SUPPORT 4.1 Use Restrictions . You must comply with all applicable laws when implementing, configuring, and using the Services. Except as expressly permitted under these Terms, you will not, and will not permit anyone else to: (a) make the functionality of the Services to any third party through any means, including, without limitation, any hosting, application services provider, service bureau, or other type of service; (b) use any automated tool (e.g., robots, spiders) to access or use the Services; (c) rent, lease, or sublicense your access to the Services to another person; (d) circumvent or disable any digital rights management, usage rules, or other security features of the Services or attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services or its related systems or networks; (e) use the Services in a manner that overburdens, or that threatens the integrity, performance, or availability of, the Services; (f) remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notices (including copyright and trademark notices) on any portion of the Services; (g) send material containing software viruses, worms, trojan horses, or other harmful computer code, files, scripts, agents, or programs; (h) use Branch’s Services in violation of Branch’s Acceptable Use Policy available at https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-aup , or its successor URL; or (i) use the Services in connection with any Apps or websites that are directed to children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), without employing appropriate settings within the Branch SDKs to limit data collection from such children in accordance with applicable law. More information on these settings is available here . If you have questions about how to use these settings or have any reason to believe that these resources may not address your particular use case, please reach out to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at , or its successor URL.Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, use of the Services in violation of the foregoing restrictions by Customer that, in Branch’s judgment, threatens the integrity, performance, availability, or security of the Services may result in Branch’s immediate suspension of, or limitation in Customer’s access to, the Services. 4.2 Updates and Support . Branch will maintain, support, update, and provide error corrections for the Services to the same extent it does so for its customers generally. Ultimately, you are responsible for timely integration and launch of the Services. If Branch provides you with an update or maintenance release for the offline components of the Branch Services, unless you receive a separate license from Branch for that update or release that expressly supersedes these Terms, such update or release will be subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms. Branch shall have no liability for any damages that may result from Customer’s failure to implement upgrades or updates to the Services provided that Customer is notified in writing by Branch of an upgrade or update. All support requests must be sent to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at , or its successor URL. 5. BETA SERVICES From time to time, Branch may invite You to try Beta Services. “ Beta Services ” means Our services or functionality that are not generally available to customers at no additional charge and that may be made available to You to try at Your option which are designated as beta, pilot, limited release, developer preview, non-production, evaluation, or by a similar description. You may accept or decline any such trial in Your sole discretion. Beta Services are for evaluation purposes only and not for production use, are not subject to any service level agreements (SLAs) agreed to between you and Branch, and may be subject to additional terms. Branch is under no obligation to, maintain, support, update, or provide error corrections for the Beta Services. Branch may discontinue Beta Services at any time in Branch’s sole discretion and reserves the right to never make them generally available. BRANCH WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY HARM OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, CUSTOMER’S USE OF A BETA SERVICE. THE BETA SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND AS AVAILABLE, AND ARE EXCLUSIVE OF ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, WITH RESPECT TO THE BETA SERVICES, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE . In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between this section and any other provision of the Agreement, the terms of this section “BETA SERVICES” shall control and prevail with respect to Beta Services. 6. PAID SERVICE TERMS 6.1 Fees . You shall pay to Branch all fees specified in an Order Form or, if there is no Order Form executed by the Parties, you shall pay the fees set forth at the applicable rates available at , or its successor URL (“Fees”). You are responsible for all undisputed Fees, even if such Fees are due and payable after termination of the Services, or any portion thereof. Fees are non-cancellable and failure to use the Services does not constitute a basis for refusing to pay any Fees. Except as expressly provided in an applicable Order Form, you will not receive any refund or prorated refund for amounts previously paid or amounts owed for the term of the Order Form. 6.2 Payments & Invoicing . To the extent you procure the Services with an applicable Order Form(s), invoices for the applicable Fees shall be sent to you via email to the email address(es) you designate in your account when signing up for Services, and you shall pay the Fees due upon receipt of such invoice. To the extent you procure the Services under an applicable Order Form, any relevant paid service-specific terms including, for example, contract duration, monthly fees, billing frequency, payment forms, and payment term will be addressed within an associated Order Form. All Fees set forth in an applicable Order Form shall be invoiced in advance in accordance with the billing frequency stated therein. Fees are payable in United States dollars. You shall be responsible for the payment of any fees associated with an electronic funds transfer (i.e., ACH, wire transfer) when issuing payment to Branch, which includes fees from Your financial institution and intermediary banks. You are responsible for providing complete and accurate billing and contact information to Branch and notifying Branch of any changes to such information. In certain instances where your payment method is via credit card, the issuer of the credit card may charge a transaction fee or related charges, which you will be responsible to pay. 6.3 Payment by Credit Card .In certain instances where your payment method is via credit card, the issuer of the credit card may charge a transaction fee or related charges, which you will be responsible to pay. Fees will be billed to the credit card nominated by you and you authorize the card issuer to pay all such amounts and authorize Branch (or its billing agent) to charge the credit card account until you or Branch cancels or terminates the Services as set forth herein; provided that if payment is not received from the credit card issuer, the transaction is returned after the payment has been settled, otherwise known as chargeback, or if there are insufficient funds in the case of check or debit card payments, you agree to pay all amounts plus any applicable transaction fees (e.g., NSF fees, chargeback fees) due upon demand. 6.4 Payment Disputes . If you have concerns about any charges on your invoice, you agree to the following dispute resolution process: (i) all billing disputes must be submitted in writing to billing@branch.io, (ii) billing disputes must be submitted within 90 days of the date the invoice was generated, and (iii) undisputed amounts will be subject to the Agreement and total payment for undisputed invoices or amounts must be submitted when due. 6.5 Suspension or Cancellation of Service; Payment Acceleration . Without derogating from any other remedies available to Branch under the Agreement or by applicable law, if you owe any undisputed Fees 30 days or more past due in connection with any Services provided by Branch under any applicable Order Form, then, without affecting any of your payment obligations under the Agreement (including, any payment obligations under an Order Form), Branch is entitled to take further action including but not limited to accelerating your unpaid fee obligations under such agreement so that all such obligations become immediately due and payable, and suspending and/or canceling your access to the Services until such amounts are paid in full. Branch reserves the right to send your account to a collections agency for nonpayment (which may, in turn, report the uncollected debt to credit bureaus) and to use your contact information for debt collection purposes if the Agreement is terminated for non-payment as set forth herein following a 10-day cure period. 6.6 Taxes . Branch’s Fees do not include any local, state, or federal sales, use, excise, personal property, VAT, or other similar taxes, duties, levies, tariffs, and other governmental charges (including, without limitation, any withholding tax, and any such taxes, to the extent legally applicable, which shall be borne and paid by Customer) (collectively, " Taxes "). If Branch has the legal obligation to pay or collect Taxes for which you are responsible under this section, Branch will invoice you and you will pay that amount unless you provide Branch with a valid tax exemption certificate authorized by the appropriate taxing authority. For clarity, you are responsible for payment of all Taxes resulting from any Fees payable hereunder, other than any taxes based on Branch’s net income, property, and employees. 6.7 Withholding Taxes . In the event Fees payable by you to Branch under the Agreement are subject to any applicable withholding tax, goods and services tax, or similar taxes required by any tax authority and you are required by applicable law to remit such withholding tax, you: (a) may withhold and deduct from any payments to Branch under the Agreement an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding tax to the extent required by applicable law (" Withholding Tax "), (b) will pay to the relevant taxation authority the amount of such applicable withholdings in accordance with applicable law; and (c) will pay to Branch the applicable amounts under this Agreement net of such Withholding Tax. You shall be discharged from the obligation to pay Withholding Tax amounts to Branch provided that (1) you have remitted such amount to the relevant taxation authority and (2) you furnish Branch with (i) your tax registration certificate(s) as proof of registration with the applicable taxation authority, and (ii) any and all relevant tax forms and/or statements with proof of Withholding Tax remittance amount to the taxation authority, the applicable rate, and other information which may reasonably be requested for the purpose of assisting Branch to seek any allowable credits or deductions for the Withholding Tax so withheld in each jurisdiction where you are subject to tax. 6.8 Overdue Charges . If any invoiced amount is not received by Branch by the due date set forth in the applicable invoice, then without limiting Branch’s rights or remedies, (a) those charges may accrue late interest at the rate of 2.5% of the outstanding balance per month, and (b) Branch may condition future Order Form renewals on payment terms shorter than those specified in the applicable Order Form.You are prohibited from creating new accounts until the Fees due are paid in full. 6.9 Term for Paid Services . Except as expressly set forth herein, the terms set forth in these Terms shall be in force for as long as an Order Form referencing the Agreement is in effect. Except as otherwise agreed to by you and Branch in a superseding Order Form, at the end of an applicable term, your access to the Services will automatically renew under the same Order Form terms (contract duration, billing frequency, payment period, etc.), unless and until your access to the Services is terminated in accordance with this section or either party to these Terms provides the other with notice of non-renewal (email sufficient; if to Branch, please email billing@branch.io) at least thirty (30) days prior to the commencement of any renewal period. 6.10 Termination by Branch . Except as expressly agreed to by you and Branch in a superseding Order Form, Branch reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any portion of the Services immediately upon at least thirty (30) days’ written notice (email sufficient), provided that Branch will promptly provide a pro-rated refund of all pre-paid and unearned amounts based on the period of suspension or the date of discontinuance, as applicable. Branch may also, in its sole discretion, terminate your access to the Services or any portion thereof if you violate any terms of the Agreement, unless you cure such breach within thirty (30) days of the date Branch provides written notice to you of such violation. Termination by Branch for your violation of these Terms will be effective as of the last day of the 30-day cure period provided herein or immediately to the extent such violation reasonably cannot be cured. Upon termination of the Agreement, any outstanding balance through the effective date of termination and other unpaid payment obligations will be immediately due and payable in full. 7. TERMINATION Except with respect to paid services, as to which the terms and conditions governing termination are set forth above in the section "PAID SERVICE TERMS" of these Terms above, You acknowledge and agree that Branch, in its sole discretion, may terminate your use of the Services without prior notice for any reason at any time. You agree that Branch shall not be liable to you or any third party for termination by Branch. Except when subject to a binding contract duration (see any applicable Order Form), you may terminate your access to and use of the Services at any time by providing written notice to Branch via the “Submit a Ticket” function at , or its successor URL). Such termination will be effective as of the last day of the calendar month during which such termination notice is received. 8. SURVIVAL Upon termination of the Agreement, those sections of these Terms that by their nature would reasonably be expected to survive will survive termination or expiration of these Terms, including but not limited to the sections on Termination, Privacy Policy & Data Rights, Confidential Information, Proprietary Rights, Limitation of Liability, and Legal Notices. 9. PRIVACY POLICY & DATA RIGHTS 9.1 Privacy Policy (a) You acknowledge and agree that you will provide a privacy policy to your end users, which shall be in compliance with applicable laws and self-regulatory guidelines, including, without limitation each of the Self-Regulatory Principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance (" DAA "), currently available at http://www.aboutads.info/principles , and the Principles of the European Interactive Digital Alliance (" EDAA "), currently available at http://www.edaa.eu/european-principles/ , as each set of principles may be amended from time to time. (b) Your privacy policy will further include clear, meaningful, and conspicuous notice consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines that includes, at minimum, the following: (a) disclosure regarding your practices with regard to cookies and/or targeting and online behavioral advertising; the types of data you collect for this purpose; and your data collection, use and disclosure practices (including that by visiting your Digital Properties, third parties may place cookies on end user browsers, or use non-cookie technology, to collect data that you may use for this purpose); and (b) information regarding how end users may opt out from receiving targeted advertisements by visiting the NAI website opt-out page here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ , the DAA opt-out page here: http://www.aboutads.info/ , and/or the EDAA opt-out page here: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ . Your “ Digital Properties ” means your mobile applications, websites and program code created by or for you for use by you with the Services.(c) You further agree to obtain consent to your practices from your end users with regard to cookies and/or targeting and online behavioral advertising to the extent required by applicable laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines. If you use Branch’s Engagement Builder feature, you agree to respect opt-out flags passed by Branch to you if you use Engagement Builder data for targeted advertisements. You acknowledge and agree that your use of the Services is subject to Branch’s Privacy Policy, located at https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-privacypolicy , or its successor URL. Branch’s Privacy Policy does not cover your Digital Properties, or the use of your Digital Properties, by your end users. It is your obligation to provide your own privacy policy to your end users. You acknowledge that Branch has no direct relationship or interface with your end users and that Branch’s ability to comply with certain applicable data protection and privacy laws is dependent on your compliance with the terms of this section of the Terms. 9.2 Data Analytics . You acknowledge and agree that Branch may collect and process data from your Digital Properties as set forth in Branch’s Privacy Policy with respect to your use of the Services. You grant to Branch a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable license to use the data collected through the Services to provide, maintain, optimize and improve the Services. 9.3 Data Security . Branch will maintain appropriate technical, administrative, and physical safeguards designed to protect information on its servers, including customer data, against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. However, you acknowledge and agree that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure, and that Branch cannot guarantee the absolute security of such information. 9.4 Compliance with Applicable Law . You will comply with all laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines applicable to your business and operations and to your use of the Services, including those governing the privacy, security and trans-border transfers of personal data (including, but not limited to, compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) (" GDPR ") and the California Consumer Privacy Act (“ CCPA ”)). Where required, you shall be responsible for (a) obtaining verifiable consent, in the form required by applicable laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines, related to any personal data collected, used, maintained, and shared with Branch, or that you direct Branch to share with any third party; (b) ensuring that you otherwise have any and all rights required in order to provide such data to Branch or to direct Branch to share it with any third party; and (c) obtaining data properly and in accordance with applicable law, including, without limitation, the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“ COPPA ”), and the Video Privacy Protection Act (18 U.S.C. § 2710) (“ VPPA ”); and ; and (d) ensuring it does not provide to Branch any other sensitive information, including without limitation personally identifiable information that is afforded legal protection under applicable regulation or laws (“ PII ”). To the extent that any of your users request that you not share their data with Branch, or to the extent that you believe that any data you may have provided to Branch was inappropriately obtained, you shall inform Branch immediately. Branch shall have no responsibility or liability to the extent resulting from, or arising out of your use of the Services not in compliance with the Agreement, the Documentation or applicable law. 9.5 CCPA . If any data collected through your use of the Services is deemed personal information and is subject to the CCPA, then the terms set forth in the Branch California Privacy Addendum (“ California Privacy Addendum “) available at , or its successor URL, shall apply to the use and processing of such personal information and shall be incorporated by reference into, and made an integral part of, the Agreement. 10. RESTRICTED AREAS OF THE SERVICES 10.1 Registration Information . In order to access and use the Services, you will register an account. Any information provided during such registration must be current, complete and accurate (“ Registration Information ”). It is your sole responsibility to ensure Registration Information is up to date at all times. 10.2 Access Credentials . Certain parts of the Services, including account management features, may be password-restricted to registered users or other authorized persons. You may select individuals (your employees or your independent contractors) to access and use such parts and you will obtain separate credentials, e.g., user IDs and passwords, from Branch for such individuals (each, an " Authorized User "). 10.3 Responsibility .You are responsible for all actions taken under an Authorized User’s account, whether or not such action was taken by an Authorized User or by another party, and whether or not such action was authorized by an Authorized User. You are responsible for the security of each Authorized User’s credentials and shall take all necessary steps to protect each Authorized User’s credentials from disclosure. You will not share (and will instruct each Authorized User not to share) such credentials with any other person or entity or otherwise permit any other person or entity to access or use the Services. 11. LINKS AND THIRD-PARTY CONTENT You may enable the Services to display, or contain links to, third party products, services, and websites. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information that constitute part of the content expressed, authored, or made available by other users or other third parties on the Services, or which is accessible through or may be located using the Services (collectively, " Third-Party Content ") are those of the respective authors or producers and not of Branch or its shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, or representatives. Branch does not control Third-Party Content and does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Third-Party Content. Branch is not responsible for the performance of, does not endorse, and is not responsible or liable for, any Third-Party Content or any information or materials advertised in any Third-Party Content. By using Branch’s Services, you and/or your end users may be exposed to content that is offensive, indecent, or objectionable. We are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused to you by your or a third party’s use of or reliance on any goods, services, or information available on or through any third-party service or Third-Party Content. It is your responsibility to evaluate the information, opinion, advice, or other content available on and through our Services. 12. TRADEMARKS "Branch Metrics", the Branch Metrics logo, and any other trademarks or service marks used by Branch or slogan displayed on the Services (" Branch Marks ") are trademarks of Branch and its suppliers or licensors, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Branch or the applicable trademark holder. You may not use any metatags or any other "hidden text" utilizing "Branch Metrics" or any other Branch Marks without Branch’s prior written permission. In addition, the look and feel of the Services, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the trade dress of Branch and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without Branch’s prior written permission. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned in the Services are the property of their respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation thereof by Branch. 13. AGENCIES & PARTNERS 13.1 Agency Client . If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of, a third party (“ Agency Client “), you represent and warrant that you are authorized to act on behalf of, and bind to the Agreement, that Agency Client (and upon Branch’s request shall provide evidence thereof). You further represent and warrant that such Agency Client has provided you with explicit permission to collect on its behalf and view Agency Client’s data and that you shall use such data strictly in accordance with the permissions provided to you by such Agency Client and the terms of the Agreement. You shall ensure that each Agency Client agrees to the terms of the Agreement and any applicable Order Form(s) and agrees to abide by its terms, including without limitation, Section 9 (Privacy Policy & Data Rights) of these Terms. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) Branch makes no representations or warranties for the direct or indirect benefit of any Agency Client; and (ii) you shall not make any representations or warranties to such Agency Client on behalf of Branch. 13.2 Partners . The Services enable you to measure and analyze its marketing campaigns with certain partners that you work with, such as advertising networks, publishers and analytics providers (“ Partners “). For such purpose, you may, through your configuration of the Services (“ Partner Features ”), direct Branch to provide data to, and receive data from Partners relating to end users (“ Shared Data ”).Pursuant to the foregoing, insofar as you make use of the Partner Features, you hereby grant Branch the right to provide Shared Data with Partners as to which you make use of the Partner Features (the “ Permitted Partners ”) and to obtain and process Shared Data from Permitted Partners. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) the sharing of such Shared Data between Branch and Permitted Partners will be available only to the extent enabled by the Permitted Partner and Branch; (ii) any use of Shared Data by a Permitted Partner shall be subject to your own agreements with Permitted Partner; (iii) Branch shall have no liability or responsibility in connection with any acts or omissions by Permitted Partners; (iv) any use or processing of Shared Data may be subject to certain limitations and restrictions imposed by Permitted Partners, and that Branch is not responsible for fulfilling such limitations and restrictions unless expressly agreed to in writing between you and Branch. 14. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 14.1 Definition . Each party to these Terms (a “ Receiving Party ”) may have access to, or become acquainted with, certain non-public confidential information of the other party (a “ Disclosing Party ”) including without limitation all information clearly identified as confidential at the time of disclosure (“ Confidential Information ”). You and Branch further agree that, subject to the rights and licenses granted herein, each party's Confidential Information shall include all non-public information regarding the Disclosing party, including without limitation any customer, customer prospect, the terms, conditions and pricing set forth in the Agreement and its Order Form(s), marketing, technical, business and/or strategic plans or information provided by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving party in the performance of the Services under the Agreement. 14.2 Use and Disclosure . Each party agrees as follows: (a) to use the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party only for the purposes permitted by the Agreement, or as otherwise permitted by the Agreement (the “ Purpose ”); (b) to take all reasonable steps to ensure that the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information is not disclosed or distributed by the Receiving Party’s employees or agents to another party in violation of the Agreement, but in no event will the Receiving party use less effort to protect the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party than it uses to protect its own Confidential Information of like importance; (c) to restrict access to the Confidential Information disclosed by the Disclosing Party to such of the Receiving Party’s employees, agents and third parties, if any, who have a legitimate need to have access for the Purpose and who have agreed in writing or are otherwise bound to treat such information in accordance with the Agreement; and (d) to return or destroy all Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party’s written request, after termination of the Agreement. The Receiving Party will not be obligated under this confidentiality section with respect to information that: (a) is or has become readily publicly available through no act or omission of the Receiving Party or its employees or agents; (b) is received from a third party lawfully in possession of such information and the Receiving Party has no knowledge of any disclosure restrictions on such third party to disclose such information; (c) is disclosed to a third party by the Disclosing Party without restriction on disclosure; (d) was rightfully in the possession of the Receiving Party without restriction prior to its disclosure by the Disclosing Party; or (e) was independently developed by employees or consultants of the Receiving Party without reliance on, or reference to, such Confidential Information. 14.3 Permitted Disclosures . Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information may be disclosed as required by any court or governmental agency, provided that before disclosing such information the Receiving Party must provide the Disclosing Party with sufficient advance notice of the court or agency’s request for the information to enable the Receiving Party to exercise any rights it may have to challenge or limit the court or agency’s authority to receive such Confidential Information, to the extent permitted by applicable law. 15. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS 15.1 Proprietary Rights . As between you and Branch, you shall retain all right, title and interest in your Digital Properties. If you choose to use Customer’s Digital Properties with a Service, you grant Branch permission to allow the Services to interoperate with your Digital Properties as required for the interoperation of your Digital Properties with the Service. Subject to the limited licenses granted herein, Branch acquires no right, title or interest from you or your licensors under the Agreement in or to your Digital Properties.Subject to the limited rights expressly granted hereunder, Branch, its Affiliates, and its licensors reserve all of their right, title and interest in and to the Services (including the Branch application programming interfaces and the Branch software development kits), all technology utilized by Branch to provide the Services, and all of their related intellectual property rights related to, embodied by, or incorporated in any of the foregoing and including any updates, upgrades, enhancements, modifications and improvements made to, or derivatives of, the foregoing. No copyright is granted by Branch to Customer hereunder. No rights are granted to Customer hereunder other than as expressly set forth herein. 15.2 Feedback . Branch may provide you with a mechanism to provide feedback, suggestions, and ideas, if you choose, about the Services (" Feedback "). You agree that Branch may, in its sole discretion, use the Feedback you provide to Branch in any way, including in future enhancements and modifications to the Services. You hereby grant to Branch and its assigns a perpetual, worldwide, fully transferable, sub-licensable, fully paid-up, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, and display the Feedback in any manner for any purpose, in any media, software, or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future, without any obligation to provide attribution or compensation to you or any third party. 16. WARRANTY & DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES 16.1 Warranty . You represent and warrant to Branch that: (a) you are duly organized under applicable law and have sufficient authority to enter into the Agreement; (b) the person entering into the Agreement is authorized to agree to and execute the Agreement on behalf of such party; and (c) the execution and performance of the Agreement does not conflict with any contractual obligations you have to any third party. 16.2 DISCLAIMER . EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE AGREEMENT, THE SERVICES, AND THE DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. Branch does not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of the Services, and the Documentation, nor does Branch warrant that the Services will be free from errors, or that the operations of the Services will be uninterrupted. You rely on the Services and the Documentation at your own risk. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES. ACCORDINGLY THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. 17. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 17.1 INDIRECT LIABILITY . BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE, GOODWILL, USE, DATA THAT IS INCOMPLETE, MISSING, OR INCORRECT, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF BRANCH HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT. 17.2 DIRECT LIABILITY. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTY CLAIMS), REGARDLESS OF THE FORUM AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY ACTION OR CLAIM IS BASED IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER TORT, BREACH OF ANY STATUTORY DUTY, INDEMNITY OR CONTRIBUTION, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNTS, IF ANY, THAT YOU HAVE PAID TO BRANCH FOR USE OF THE SERVICES FOR THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE CLAIM IN THE AGGREGATE. SOME OF THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED HEREIN MAY NOT BE ALLOWED UNDER THE LAWS OF CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS. IF ANY SUCH LAW IS DEEMED TO APPLY TO THE AGREEMENT THEN THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH HEREIN SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER SUCH LAWS. 18. INDEMNITY 18.1 Indemnity . You will defend Branch, its Affiliates and their officers, agents, employees, representatives, and assigns (“ Branch Indemnified Parties ”) against any claim, demand suit or action against Branch brought by a third party (a) arising from your use of the Services in a unlawful manner or in violation of the Agreement or applicable Order Form, or usage of the Services in violation of the Documentation or (b) alleging that any of your Digital Properties developed or provided by you, or the combination of your Digital Properties used with the Services, infringes or misappropriates such third party’s intellectual property rights (c) based on your instructions to share Shared Data with a Partner or (d) related to a regulatory investigation (each a “ Claim Against Branch ”).You will indemnify Branch Indemnified Parties from any costs, damages, and expenses finally awarded against Branch Indemnified Parties as a result of, or for any amounts paid by Branch Indemnified Parties under a settlement approved by you in writing of, a Claim Against Branch. The above defense and indemnification obligations do not apply if a Claim Against Branch arises from Branch’s breach of the Agreement, or applicable Order Forms. 18.2 Agency Indemnity . If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of an Agency Client, in addition to the obligations set forth in the section “AGENCIES & PARTNERS” of these Terms, you further agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Branch Indemnified Parties from and against any claim, demand, suit, or action and any related liability against a Branch Indemnified Party brought by a third party, arising out of or relating to: (a) any representations and warranties made by you concerning any aspect of the Services to an Agency Client; (b) any claims made by or on behalf of any Agency Client arising out or relating to your use of the Services; and (c) any claims arising out of or relating to acts or omissions of an Agency Client in connection with the Services. 18.3 Indemnification Procedure . Your obligations to provide indemnification under this Agreement will be contingent upon (a) Branch promptly giving you written notice of any claim for which indemnification is sought (provided that the Branch’s failure to notify you will not diminish your obligations under this Section, except to the extent that you are materially prejudiced as a result of such failure); (b) you having sole control of the defense and settlement of any and all claims for which indemnification is sought (provided that no settlement may be entered into without either (i) the consent of Branch if such settlement would require any action on the part of Branch or (ii) unconditionally releasing Branch of all liability); and (c) Branch giving You all reasonably requested assistance at Your expense. Subject to the foregoing, Branch will at all times have the option to participate in any matter or litigation through counsel of its own selection solely at its own expense. 19. MISCELLANEOUS 19.1 Governing Law . The Agreement and all matters arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. The Parties expressly disclaim and exclude the application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. 19.2 Venue . Any legal action or proceeding arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts located in the Northern District of California. You and Branch hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, those courts in any such legal action or proceeding. 19.3 No Waiver; Severability . Our failure to enforce any right or provision in the Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by us in writing. If any provision of the Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. 19.4 Assignment . The Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with Branch’s prior written consent. Branch may transfer and assign any of its rights and obligations under the Agreement freely and without consent. 19.5 Entire Agreement . Both you and Branch agree that the Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the Parties and supersedes all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to your use of the Services, and that all waivers and modifications must be in a signed writing by both Parties, except as otherwise provided herein. Preprinted terms in your purchase orders or other customer-generated ordering documents, or terms referenced or linked within them, will have no effect on the Agreement and are hereby rejected, regardless of whether they are signed, clicked through, or otherwise agreed to by Branch and/or purport to take precedence over the Agreement. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency among the following documents, the order of precedence shall be: (1) the applicable Order Form, (2) any exhibit, schedule or addendum to the Agreement, (3) the body of these Terms, and (4) the Documentation. 19.6 Relationship between the Parties . The Parties are independent contractors. No agency, partnership, joint venture, fiduciary or employment relationship is created as a result of the Agreement, and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Branch in any respect whatsoever.19.7 Export / Trade Compliance . The Services and any derivatives thereof, may be subject to export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations of the United States and other jurisdictions. Both Customer and Branch each represent that it is not named on any U.S. Government Consolidated Screening denied-party list which may be searched at: https://www.export.gov/article?id=Consolidated-Screening-List . Customer shall not permit any entity or individual to access or use any of the Services who is listed on the Consolidated Screening List or located in a U.S. government-embargoed country (currently Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and Crimea), or known to be engaged in proliferation of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons or missiles, or otherwise in violation of any U.S. export law or regulation. 19.8 Third Party Beneficiary . No provision of the Agreement is intended, nor shall it be interpreted, to provide or create any third-party beneficiary rights or any other rights of any kind in any customer, affiliate, stockholder, partner, member, director, officer or employee of any party hereto or any other person or entity. 19.9 Marketing Support . You agree to comply with reasonable requests of Branch to support public relations efforts pertaining to the Services, which efforts may include: (a) a press release highlighting your company’s use of the Services; (b) participation in targeted press and analyst interviews highlighting benefits of implementing the Services; and (c) participation in customer case studies developed by Branch and used on Branch’s website(s) and other collateral. You grant to Branch a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to use your name, trademarks, and logos (collectively, the " Customer Marks ") (i) for the purpose of referencing You as a customer of Branch on the Branch website(s) and (ii) in the production of marketing materials, provided that such use is in accordance with any trademark and logo use guidelines that you provide to Branch. All goodwill developed from such use shall be solely for your benefit. 19.10 Notices . Except as otherwise specified in the Agreement, all notices of termination or an indemnifiable claim related to the Agreement (“ Legal Notices ”) will be provided via email and will be effective upon receipt by e-mail as set forth below. If to Branch, all notices shall be provided to legal@branch.io (“ Branch Notices ”). Billing-related notices to Customer will be provided via email and addressed to the relevant billing contact designated by Customer on the applicable Order Form. All Legal Notices and other notices to Customer will be provided via email and addressed to the relevant Services account administrator designated by Customer. 20. CONTACTING US If you have any questions or concerns about our Services or these Terms, you may contact us by email at info@branch.io Effective October 11, 2022 to December 29, 2022 Table of Contents Terms & Conditions Last updated January 28, 2022 INTRODUCTION Top These Terms & Conditions (“ Terms ”) are entered into by and between of Branch Metrics, Inc., a Delaware corporation d/b/a Branch Metrics (" Branch ," " Branch Metrics ," " we ," or " us ") and the entity or person accessing this website (“ Website ”) or placing an order for or accessing any Services made available by Branch Metrics (“ Customer ” or “ you ” or “ your ”). “ Services " means the products and services that are made available online by Branch under these Terms, the “ Beta Services ”, as defined in these Terms, other services or products that Branch may make available from time to time, including associated Branch offline or mobile components. Services exclude (i) Web-based, mobile, offline or other software application functionality that interoperates with a Service, that is provided by Customer or a third party, and (ii) Third-Party Content, as defined in these Terms. By indicating your acceptance of these Terms or using any of our Services, you agree to be legally bound by, and use our Services in compliance with, all terms, conditions, and notices in the Agreement. By agreeing to these Terms, you warrant that you are authorized to agree to these Terms on behalf of you and/or your company. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE OUR WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES. “ Agreement ” means these Terms together with any applicable Order Forms, and any exhibits, appendices, schedules, or attachments identified or referenced in these Terms, and any amendments attached hereto or hereafter attached by mutual written agreement of the parties (all of which are incorporated herein by reference). “ Order Form ” means an ordering document or online order specifying the Services to be provided hereunder that is entered into between Customer and Branch or any of their Affiliates, including any addenda and supplements thereto.By entering into an Order Form hereunder, an Affiliate agrees to be bound by the terms of the Agreement as if it were an original party hereto. “ Documentation ” means the applicable Service’s documentation and usage guidelines at “ Affiliate ” means any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the subject entity. “Control,” for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity. Modifications . We may make changes to these Terms from time to time. When we do, we will revise the "Last updated" date given above. It is your responsibility to review these Terms frequently and to remain informed of any changes to them. The then-current version of these Terms will supersede all earlier versions. You agree that your continued use of our Services after such changes have been published to our Services will constitute your acceptance of such revised Terms. SERVICE ACCESS AND AVAILABILITY Top Service Access & Availability . Subject to your compliance with these terms and conditions, Branch will make the Services available to you pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and solely for Customer’s internal business needs. Branch shall: (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to make the online Services available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, except for: (i) planned downtime (of which Branch shall give advance electronic notice), (ii) emergency maintenance that is reasonably unforeseeable and necessary for purposes of maintaining the integrity or operation of the Services, regardless of the notice provided by Branch and (iii) any unavailability caused by circumstances beyond Branch’s reasonable control, including, for example, an act of God, act of government, flood, fire, earthquake, civil unrest, act of terror, strike or other labor problem (other than one involving Branch employees), Internet service provider failure or delay, integrated third party applications , or denial of service attack, and (b) provide the Services in accordance with laws and government regulations applicable to Branch’s provision of its Services to its customers generally (i.e., without regard for Customer’s particular use of the Services), and subject to Customer’s use of the Services in accordance with the Agreement, the Documentation and the applicable Order Form. Your rights to access and use the Services are limited by all terms set forth in the Agreement. RESTRICTIONS; UPDATES & SUPPORT Top Restrictions . You must comply with all applicable laws when implementing, configuring, and using the Services. Except as expressly permitted under these Terms, you will not, and will not permit anyone else to: (a) make the functionality of the Services to any third party through any means, including, without limitation, any hosting, application services provider, service bureau, or other type of service; (b) use any automated tool (e.g., robots, spiders) to access or use the Services; (c) rent, lease, or sublicense your access to the Services to another person; (d) circumvent or disable any digital rights management, usage rules, or other security features of the Services or attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services or its related systems or networks; (e) use the Services in a manner that overburdens, or that threatens the integrity, performance, or availability of, the Services; (f) remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notices (including copyright and trademark notices) on any portion of the Services; (g) send material containing software viruses, worms, trojan horses, or other harmful computer code, files, scripts, agents, or programs; or (h) use the Services in connection with any Apps or websites that are directed to children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), without employing appropriate settings within the Branch SDKs to limit data collection from such children in accordance with applicable law. More information on these settings is available . If you have questions about how to use these settings or have any reason to believe that these resources may not address your particular use case, please reach out to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, use of the Services in violation of the foregoing restrictions by Customer that, in Branch’s judgment, threatens the integrity, performance, availability, or security of the Services may result in Branch’s immediate suspension of, or limitation in Customer’s access to, the Services. Updates and Support . Branch will maintain, support, update, and provide error corrections for the Services to the same extent it does so for its customers generally. Ultimately, you are responsible for timely integration and launch of the Services.If Branch provides you with an update or maintenance release for the offline components of the Branch Services, unless you receive a separate license from Branch for that update or release that expressly supersedes these Terms, such update or release will be subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms. Branch shall have no liability for any damages that may result from Customer’s failure to implement upgrades or updates to the Services provided that Customer is notified in writing by Branch of an upgrade or update. All support requests must be sent to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at BETA SERVICES Top From time to time, Branch may invite You to try Beta Services. “ Beta Services ” means Our services or functionality that are not generally available to customers at no additional charge and that may be made available to You to try at Your option which are designated as beta, pilot, limited release, developer preview, non-production, evaluation, or by a similar description. You may accept or decline any such trial in Your sole discretion. Beta Services are for evaluation purposes only and not for production use, are not subject to any service level agreements (SLAs) agreed to between you and Branch, and may be subject to additional terms. Branch is under no obligation to, maintain, support, update, or provide error corrections for the Beta Services. Branch may discontinue Beta Services at any time in Branch’s sole discretion and reserves the right to never make them generally available. BRANCH WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY HARM OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, CUSTOMER’S USE OF A BETA SERVICE. THE BETA SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND AS AVAILABLE, AND ARE EXCLUSIVE OF ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER. Without limiting the foregoing, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE . In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between this section and any other provision of the Agreement, the terms of this section “BETA SERVICES” shall control and prevail with respect to Beta Services. PAID SERVICE TERMS Top Fees . You will pay to Branch all fees specified in an Order Form (“Fees”). You are responsible for all undisputed Fees, even if such Fees are due and payable after termination of the Agreement or any portion thereof. Fees are non-cancellable and failure to use the Services does not constitute a basis for refusing to pay any Fees. Except as expressly provided in the Agreement, you will not receive any refund or prorated refund for amounts previously paid or amounts owed up to the effective date of termination. Payments & Invoicing . Any relevant paid service-specific terms including, for example, contract duration, monthly fees, billing frequency, payment forms, and payment term will be addressed within an associated Order Form. All charges shall be invoiced in advance in accordance with the billing frequency stated in the applicable Order Form. You shall be responsible for the payment of any fees associated with an electronic funds transfer (i.e., ACH, wire transfer) when issuing payment to Branch, which includes fees from Your financial institution and intermediary banks. You are responsible for providing complete and accurate billing and contact information to Branch and notifying Branch of any changes to such information. In certain instances where your payment method is via credit card, the issuer of the credit card may charge a transaction fee or related charges, which you will be responsible to pay. Payment by Credit Card . In certain instances where your payment method is via credit card, the issuer of the credit card may charge a transaction fee or related charges, which you will be responsible to pay. Fees will be billed to the credit card nominated by you and you authorize the card issuer to pay all such amounts and authorize Branch (or its billing agent) to charge the credit card account until you or Branch cancels or terminates the Services as set forth herein; provided that if payment is not received from the credit card issuer, the transaction is returned after the payment has been settled, otherwise known as chargeback, or if there are insufficient funds in the case of check or debit card payments, you agree to pay all amounts plus any applicable transaction fees (e.g., NSF fees, chargeback fees) due upon demand. Payment Disputes . If you have concerns about any charges on your invoice, you agree to the following dispute resolution process: (i) all billing disputes must be submitted in writing to billing@branch.io, (ii) billing disputes must be submitted within 90 days of the date the invoice was generated, and (iii) undisputed amounts will be subject to the Agreement and total payment for undisputed invoices or amounts must be submitted when due.Suspension or Cancellation of Service; Payment Acceleration . Without derogating from any other remedies available to Branch under the Agreement or by applicable law, if you owe any undisputed Fees 30 days or more past due in connection with any Services provided by Branch under any applicable Order Form, then, without affecting any of your payment obligations under the Agreement (including, any payment obligations under an Order Form), Branch is entitled to take further action including but not limited to accelerating your unpaid fee obligations under such agreement so that all such obligations become immediately due and payable, and suspending and/or cancelling your access to the Services until such amounts are paid in full. Branch reserves the right to send your account to a collections agency for nonpayment (which may, in turn, report the uncollected debt to credit bureaus) and to use your contact information for debt collection purposes if the Agreement is terminated for non-payment as set forth herein following a 10-day cure period. Taxes . Branch’s Fees do not include any local, state, or federal sales, use, excise, personal property, VAT, or other similar taxes, duties, levies, tariffs, and other governmental charges (including, without limitation, any withholding tax, and any such taxes, to the extent legally applicable, which shall be borne and paid by Customer) (collectively, " Taxes "). If Branch has the legal obligation to pay or collect Taxes for which you are responsible under this section, Branch will invoice you and you will pay that amount unless you provide Branch with a valid tax exemption certificate authorized by the appropriate taxing authority. For clarity, you are responsible for payment of all Taxes resulting from any Fees payable hereunder, other than any taxes based on Branch’s net income, property, and employees. Withholding Taxes . In the event Fees payable by you to Branch under the Agreement are subject to any applicable withholding tax, goods and services tax, or similar taxes required by any tax authority and you are required by applicable law to remit such withholding tax, you: (a) may withhold and deduct from any payments to Branch under the Agreement an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding tax to the extent required by applicable law (" Withholding Tax "), (b) will pay to the relevant taxation authority the amount of such applicable withholdings in accordance with applicable law; and (c) will pay to Branch the applicable amounts under this Agreement net of such Withholding Tax. You shall be discharged from the obligation to pay Withholding Tax amounts to Branch provided that (1) you have remitted such amount to the relevant taxation authority and (2) you furnish Branch with (i) your tax registration certificate(s) as proof of registration with the applicable taxation authority, and (ii) any and all relevant tax forms and/or statements with proof of Withholding Tax remittance amount to the taxation authority, the applicable rate, and other information which may reasonably be requested for the purpose of assisting Branch to seek any allowable credits or deductions for the Withholding Tax so withheld in each jurisdiction where you are subject to tax. Overdue Charges . If any invoiced amount is not received by Branch by the due date set forth in the applicable invoice, then without limiting Branch’s rights or remedies, (a) those charges may accrue late interest at the rate of 2.5% of the outstanding balance per month, and (b) Branch may condition future Order Form renewals on payment terms shorter than those specified in the applicable Order Form. Term for Paid Services . Except as expressly set forth herein, the terms set forth in these Terms shall be in force for as long as an Order Form referencing the Agreement is in effect. Except as otherwise agreed to by you and Branch in a superseding Order Form, at the end of an applicable term, your access to the Services will automatically renew under the same Order Form terms (contract duration, billing frequency, payment period, etc.), unless and until your access to the Services is terminated in accordance with this section or either party to these Terms provides the other with notice of non-renewal (email sufficient; if to Branch, please email billing@branch.io) at least thirty (30) days prior to the commencement of any renewal period. Termination by Branch . Except as expressly agreed to by you and Branch in a superseding Order Form, Branch reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any portion of the Services immediately upon at least thirty (30) days’ written notice (email sufficient), provided that Branch will promptly provide a pro-rated refund of all pre-paid and unearned amounts based on the period of suspension or the date of discontinuance, as applicable.Branch may also, in its sole discretion, terminate your access to the Services or any portion thereof if you violate any terms of the Agreement, unless you cure such breach within thirty (30) days of the date Branch provides written notice to you of such violation. Termination by Branch for your violation of these Terms will be effective as of the last day of the 30-day cure period provided herein or immediately to the extent such violation reasonably cannot be cured. Upon termination of the Agreement, any outstanding balance through the effective date of termination and other unpaid payment obligations will be immediately due and payable in full. TERMINATION Top Except with respect to paid services, as to which the terms and conditions governing termination are set forth above in the section "PAID SERVICE TERMS" of these Terms above, You acknowledge and agree that Branch, in its sole discretion, may terminate your use of the Services without prior notice for any reason at any time. You agree that Branch shall not be liable to you or any third party for termination by Branch. Except when subject to a binding contract duration (see any applicable Order Form), you may terminate your access to and use of the Services at any time by providing written notice to Branch via the “Submit a Ticket” function at http://help.branch.io/ ). Such termination will be effective as of the last day of the calendar month during which such termination notice is received. SURVIVAL Top Upon termination of the Agreement, those sections of these Terms that by their nature would reasonably be expected to survive will survive termination or expiration of these Terms, including but not limited to the sections on Termination, Privacy Policy & Data Rights, Confidential Information, Proprietary Rights, Limitation of Liability, and Legal Notices. PRIVACY POLICY & DATA RIGHTS Top Privacy Policy . You acknowledge and agree that you will provide a privacy policy to your end users, which shall be in compliance with applicable laws and self-regulatory guidelines, including, without limitation each of the Self-Regulatory Principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance (" DAA "), currently available at , and the Principles of the European Interactive Digital Alliance (" EDAA "), currently available at , as each set of principles may be amended from time to time. Your privacy policy will further include clear, meaningful, and conspicuous notice consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines that includes, at minimum, the following: (a) disclosure regarding your practices with regard to cookies and/or targeting and online behavioral advertising; the types of data you collect for this purpose; and your data collection, use and disclosure practices (including that by visiting your Digital Properties, third parties may place cookies on end user browsers, or use non-cookie technology, to collect data that you may use for this purpose); and (b) information regarding how end users may opt out from receiving targeted advertisements by visiting the NAI website opt-out page here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ , the DAA opt-out page here: http://www.aboutads.info/ , and/or the EDAA opt-out page here: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ . Your “ Digital Properties ” means your mobile applications, websites and program code created by or for you using a Service or for use by you with the Services. You further agree to obtain consent to your practices from your end users with regard to cookies and/or targeting and online behavioral advertising to the extent required by applicable laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines. If you use Branch’s Engagement Builder feature, you agree to respect opt-out flags passed by Branch to you if you use Engagement Builder data for targeted advertisements. You acknowledge and agree that your use of the Services is subject to Branch’s Privacy Policy, located at https://branch.io/policies/#privacy. Branch’s Privacy Policy does not cover your Digital Properties, or the use of your Digital Properties, by your end users. It is your obligation to provide your own privacy policy to your end users. You acknowledge that Branch has no direct relationship or interface with your end users and that Branch’s ability to comply with certain applicable data protection and privacy laws is dependent on your compliance with the terms of this section of the Terms. Data Analytics . You acknowledge and agree that Branch may collect and process data from your Digital Properties as set forth in with respect to your use of the Services. You grant to Branch a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable license to use the data collected through the Services to provide, maintain, optimize and improve the Services. Data Security .Branch will maintain appropriate technical, administrative, and physical safeguards for the protection of information on its servers, including customer data, against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. However, you acknowledge and agree that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure, and that Branch cannot guarantee the absolute security of such information. Compliance with Applicable Law . You will comply with all laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines applicable to your business and operations and to your use of the Services, including those governing the privacy, security and trans-border transfers of personal data (including, but not limited to, compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) (" GDPR ") and the California Consumer Privacy Act (“ CCPA ”)). Where required, you shall be responsible for (a) obtaining verifiable consent, in the form required by applicable laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines, related to any personal data collected, used, maintained, and shared with Branch, or that you direct Branch to share with any third party; (b) ensuring that you otherwise have any and all rights required in order to provide such data to Branch or to direct Branch to share it with any third party; and (c) obtaining data properly and in accordance with applicable law, including, without limitation, the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“ COPPA ”), and the Video Privacy Protection Act (18 U.S.C. § 2710) (“ VPPA ”). To the extent that any of your users request that you not share their data with Branch, or to the extent that you believe that any data you may have provided to Branch was inappropriately obtained, you shall inform Branch immediately. Branch shall have no responsibility or liability to the extent resulting from, or arising out of your use of the Services not in compliance with the Agreement, the Documentation or applicable law. CCPA . If any data collected through your use of the Services is deemed personal information and is subject to the CCPA, then the terms set forth in the Branch CCPA Addendum (“ CCPA Addendum “) available at (or its successor URL) shall apply to the use and processing of such personal information and shall be incorporated by reference into, and made an integral part of, the Agreement. RESTRICTED AREAS OF THE SERVICES Top Registration Information . In order to access and use the Services, you will register an account. Any information provided during such registration must be current, complete and accurate (“ Registration Information ”). It is your sole responsibility to ensure Registration Information is up to date at all times. Access Credentials . Certain parts of the Services, including account management features, may be password-restricted to registered users or other authorized persons. You may select individuals (your employees or your independent contractors) to access and use such parts and you will obtain separate credentials, e.g., user IDs and passwords, from Branch for such individuals (each, an " Authorized User "). Responsibility . You are responsible for all actions taken under an Authorized User’s account, whether or not such action was taken by an Authorized User or by another party, and whether or not such action was authorized by an Authorized User. You are responsible for the security of each Authorized User’s credentials and shall take all necessary steps to protect each Authorized User’s credentials from disclosure. You will not share (and will instruct each Authorized User not to share) such credentials with any other person or entity or otherwise permit any other person or entity to access or use the Services. LINKS AND THIRD-PARTY CONTENT Top Third Party Content . You may enable the Services to display, or contain links to, third party products, services, and websites. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information that constitute part of the content expressed, authored, or made available by other users or other third parties on the Services, or which is accessible through or may be located using the Services (collectively, " Third-Party Content ") are those of the respective authors or producers and not of Branch or its shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, or representatives. Branch does not control Third-Party Content and does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Third-Party Content. Branch is not responsible for the performance of, does not endorse, and is not responsible or liable for, any Third-Party Content or any information or materials advertised in any Third-Party Content. By using Branch’s Services, you and/or your end users may be exposed to content that is offensive, indecent, or objectionable.We are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused to you by your or a third party’s use of or reliance on any goods, services, or information available on or through any third-party service or Third-Party Content. It is your responsibility to evaluate the information, opinion, advice, or other content available on and through our Services. USE POLICIES Top You are solely responsible for any content and other material that you submit, publish, transmit, or display on, through, or with our Services. Customer will not use Branch’s Services in violation of Branch’s Acceptable Use Policy currently available at https://branch.io/policies/#aup TRADEMARKS Top Branch Trademark Rights . "Branch Metrics", the Branch Metrics logo, and any other trademarks or service marks used by Branch or slogan displayed on the Services (" Branch Marks ") are trademarks of Branch and its suppliers or licensors, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Branch or the applicable trademark holder. You may not use any metatags or any other "hidden text" utilizing "Branch Metrics" or any other Branch Marks without Branch’s prior written permission. In addition, the look and feel of the Services, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the trade dress of Branch and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without Branch’s prior written permission. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned in the Services are the property of their respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation thereof by Branch. AGENCIES & PARTNERS Top Agency Client . If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of, a third party (“ Agency Client “), you represent and warrant that you are authorized to act on behalf of, and bind to the Agreement, that Agency Client (and upon Branch’s request shall provide evidence thereof). You further represent and warrant that such Agency Client has provided you with explicit permission to collect on its behalf and view Agency Client’s data and that you shall use such data strictly in accordance with the permissions provided to you by such Agency Client and the terms of the Agreement. You shall ensure that each Agency Client agrees to the terms of the Agreement and any applicable Order Form(s) and agrees to abide by its terms, including without limitation, section 4 (Privacy and Data Rights) of these Terms. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) Branch makes no representations or warranties for the direct or indirect benefit of any Agency Client; and (ii) you shall not make any representations or warranties to such Agency Client on behalf of Branch. Partners . The Services enable you to measure and analyze its marketing campaigns with certain third parties that you work with, such as advertising networks, publishers and analytics providers (“ Partners “). For such purpose, you may, through your configuration of the Services (“ Partner Features ”), direct Branch to provide data to, and receive data from Partners relating to end users (“Shared Data”). Pursuant to the foregoing, insofar as you make use of the Partner Features, you hereby grant Branch the right to provide Shared Data with Partners as to which you make use of the Partner Features (the “ Permitted Partners ”) and to obtain and process Shared Data from Permitted Partners. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) the sharing of such Shared Data between Branch and Permitted Partners will be available only to the extent enabled by the Permitted Partner and Branch; (ii) any use of Shared Data by a Permitted Partner shall be subject to your own agreements with Permitted Partner; (iii) Branch shall have no liability or responsibility in connection with any acts or omissions by Permitted Partners; (iv) any use or processing of Shared Data may be subject to certain limitations and restrictions imposed by Permitted Partners, and that Branch is not responsible for fulfilling such limitations and restrictions unless expressly agreed to in writing between you and Branch. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION Top Definition . Each party to these Terms (a “ Receiving Party ”) may have access to, or become acquainted with, certain non-public confidential information of the other party (a “ Disclosing Party ”) including without limitation all information clearly identified as confidential at the time of disclosure (“ Confidential Information ”).You and Branch further agree that, subject to the rights and licenses granted herein, each party's Confidential Information shall include all non-public information regarding the Disclosing party, including without limitation any customer, customer prospect, the terms, conditions and pricing set forth in the Agreement and its Order Form(s), marketing, technical, business and/or strategic plans or information provided by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving party in the performance of the Services under the Agreement. Use and Disclosure . Each party agrees as follows: (a) to use the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party only for the purposes permitted by the Agreement, or as otherwise permitted by the Agreement; (b) to take all reasonable steps to ensure that the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information is not disclosed or distributed by the Receiving Party’s employees or agents in violation of the Agreement, but in no event will the Receiving party use less effort to protect the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party than it uses to protect its own Confidential Information of like importance; (c) to restrict access to the Confidential Information disclosed by the Disclosing Party to such of the Receiving Party’s employees, agents and third parties, if any, who have a need to have access and who have been advised of and have agreed in writing or are otherwise bound to treat such information in accordance with the Agreement; and (d) to return or destroy all Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party’s written request, after termination of the Agreement. The Receiving Party will not be obligated under this confidentiality section with respect to information that: (a) is or has become readily publicly available through no act or omission of the Receiving Party or its employees or agents; (b) is received from a third party lawfully in possession of such information and the Receiving Party has no knowledge of any disclosure restrictions on such third party to disclose such information; (c) is disclosed to a third party by the Disclosing Party without restriction on disclosure; (d) was rightfully in the possession of the Receiving Party without restriction prior to its disclosure by the Disclosing Party; or (e) was independently developed by employees or consultants of the Receiving Party without reliance on, or reference to, such Confidential Information. Permitted Disclosures . Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information may be disclosed as required by any governmental agency, provided that before disclosing such information the Receiving Party must provide the Disclosing Party with sufficient advance notice of the agency’s request for the information to enable the Receiving Party to exercise any rights it may have to challenge or limit the agency’s authority to receive such Confidential Information, to the extent permitted by applicable law. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS Top Proprietary Rights . As between you and Branch, you shall retain all right, title and interest in your Digital Properties. If you choose to use Customer’s Digital Properties with a Service, you grant Branch permission to allow the Services to interoperate with your Digital Properties as required for the interoperation of your Digital Properties with the Service. Subject to the limited licenses granted herein, Branch acquires no right, title or interest from you or your licensors under the Agreement in or to your Digital Properties. Subject to the limited rights expressly granted hereunder, Branch, its Affiliates, and its licensors reserve all of their right, title and interest in and to the Services (including the Branch application programming interfaces and the Branch software development kits), all technology utilized by Branch to provide the Services, and all of their related intellectual property rights related to, embodied by, or incorporated in any of the foregoing and including any updates, upgrades, enhancements, modifications and improvements made to, or derivatives of, the foregoing. No copyright is granted by Branch to Customer hereunder. No rights are granted to Customer hereunder other than as expressly set forth herein. Feedback . Branch may provide you with a mechanism to provide feedback, suggestions, and ideas, if you choose, about the Services (" Feedback "). You agree that Branch may, in its sole discretion, use the Feedback you provide to Branch in any way, including in future enhancements and modifications to the Services. You hereby grant to Branch and its assigns a perpetual, worldwide, fully transferable, sub-licensable, fully paid-up, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, and display the Feedback in any manner for any purpose, in any media, software, or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future, without any obligation to provide attribution or compensation to you or any third party.WARRANTY & DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES Top Warranty . You represent and warrant to Branch that: (a) you are duly organized under applicable law and have sufficient authority to enter into the Agreement; (b) the person entering into the Agreement is authorized to agree to and execute the Agreement on behalf of such party; and (c) the execution and performance of the Agreement does not conflict with any contractual obligations you have to any third party. DISCLAIMER . EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE AGREEMENT, THE SERVICES, AND THE DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. Branch does not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of the Services, and the Documentation, nor does Branch warrant that the Services will be free from errors, or that the operations of the Services will be uninterrupted. You rely on the Services and the Documentation at your own risk. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES. ACCORDINGLY THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY Top BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE, GOODWILL, USE, DATA THAT IS INCOMPLETE, MISSING, OR INCORRECT, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF BRANCH HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTY CLAIMS), REGARDLESS OF THE FORUM AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY ACTION OR CLAIM IS BASED IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER TORT, BREACH OF ANY STATUTORY DUTY, INDEMNITY OR CONTRIBUTION, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNTS, IF ANY, THAT YOU HAVE PAID TO BRANCH FOR USE OF THE SERVICES FOR THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE CLAIM IN THE AGGREGATE. SOME OF THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED HEREIN MAY NOT BE ALLOWED UNDER THE LAWS OF CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS. IF ANY SUCH LAW IS DEEMED TO APPLY TO THE AGREEMENT THEN THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH HEREIN SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER SUCH LAWS. INDEMNITY Top Indemnity . You will defend Branch, its Affiliates and their officers, agents, employees, representatives, and assigns (“ Branch Indemnified Parties ”) against any claim, demand suit or action against Branch brought by a third party (a) arising from your use of the Services in a unlawful manner or in violation of the Agreement or applicable Order Form, or usage of the Services in violation of the Documentation or (b) alleging that any of your Digital Properties developed or provided by you, or the combination of your Digital Properties used with the Services, infringes or misappropriates such third party’s intellectual property rights (c) based on your instructions to share Shared Data with a Partner or (d) related to a regulatory investigation (each a “ Claim Against Branch ”). You will indemnify Branch Indemnified Parties from any costs, damages, and expenses finally awarded against Branch Indemnified Parties as a result of, or for any amounts paid by Branch Indemnified Parties under a settlement approved by you in writing of, a Claim Against Branch. The above defense and indemnification obligations do not apply if a Claim Against Branch arises from Branch’s breach of the Agreement, or applicable Order Forms. Agency Indemnity . If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of an Agency Client, in addition to the obligations set forth in the section “AGENCIES & PARTNERS” of these Terms, you further agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Branch Indemnified Parties from and against any claim, demand, suit, or action and any related liability against a Branch Indemnified Party brought by a third party, arising out of or relating to: (a) any representations and warranties made by you concerning any aspect of the Services to an Agency Client; (b) any claims made by or on behalf of any Agency Client arising out or relating to your use of the Services; and (c) any claims arising out of or relating to acts or omissions of an Agency Client in connection with the Services. Indemnification Procedure .Your obligations to provide indemnification under this Agreement will be contingent upon (a) Branch promptly giving you written notice of any claim for which indemnification is sought (provided that the Branch’s failure to notify you will not diminish your obligations under this Section, except to the extent that you are materially prejudiced as a result of such failure); (b) you having sole control of the defense and settlement of any and all claims for which indemnification is sought (provided that no settlement may be entered into without either (i) the consent of Branch if such settlement would require any action on the part of Branch or (ii) unconditionally releasing Branch of all liability); and (c) Branch giving You all reasonably requested assistance at Your expense. Subject to the foregoing, Branch will at all times have the option to participate in any matter or litigation through counsel of its own selection solely at its own expense. MISCELLANEOUS Top Governing Law . The Agreement and all matters arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. The parties expressly disclaim and exclude the application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. Venue . Any legal action or proceeding arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts located in the Northern District of California. You and Branch hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, those courts in any such legal action or proceeding. No Waiver; Severability . Our failure to enforce any right or provision in the Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by us in writing. If any provision of the Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. Assignment . The Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with Branch’s prior written consent. Branch may transfer and assign any of its rights and obligations under the Agreement freely and without consent. Entire Agreement . Both you and Branch agree that the Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the Parties and supersedes all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to your use of the Services, and that all waivers and modifications must be in a signed writing by both Parties, except as otherwise provided herein. Preprinted terms in your purchase orders or other customer-generated ordering documents, or terms referenced or linked within them, will have no effect on the Agreement and are hereby rejected, regardless of whether they are signed, clicked through, or otherwise agreed to by Branch and/or purport to take precedence over the Agreement. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency among the following documents, the order of precedence shall be: (1) the applicable Order Form, (2) any exhibit, schedule or addendum to the Agreement, (3) the body of these Terms, and (4) the Documentation. Relationship between the Parties . The Parties are independent contractors. No agency, partnership, joint venture, fiduciary or employment relationship is created as a result of the Agreement, and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Branch in any respect whatsoever. Export / Trade Compliance . The Services and any derivatives thereof, may be subject to export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations of the United States and other jurisdictions. Both Customer and Branch each represent that it is not named on any U.S. Government Consolidated Screening denied-party list which may be searched at: . Customer shall not permit any entity or individual to access or use any of the Services who is listed on the Consolidated Screening List or located in a U.S. government-embargoed country (currently Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and Crimea), or known to be engaged in proliferation of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons or missiles, or otherwise in violation of any U.S. export law or regulation. Third Party Beneficiary . No provision of the Agreement is intended, nor shall it be interpreted, to provide or create any third-party beneficiary rights or any other rights of any kind in any customer, affiliate, stockholder, partner, member, director, officer or employee of any party hereto or any other person or entity. Marketing Support .You agree to comply with reasonable requests of Branch to support public relations efforts pertaining to the Services, which efforts may include: (a) a press release highlighting your company’s use of the Services; (b) participation in targeted press and analyst interviews highlighting benefits of implementing the Services; and (c) participation in customer case studies developed by Branch and used on Branch’s website(s) and other collateral. You grant to Branch a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to use your name, trademarks, and logos (collectively, the " Customer Marks ") (i) for the purpose of referencing You as a customer of Branch on the Branch website(s) and (ii) in the production of marketing materials, provided that such use is in accordance with any trademark and logo use guidelines that you provide to Branch. All goodwill developed from such use shall be solely for your benefit. Notices . Except as otherwise specified in the Agreement, all notices of termination or an indemnifiable claim related to the Agreement (“Legal Notices”) will be in writing and will be effective (a) upon receipt if personally delivered to one of the addresses listed below, (b) upon receipt if sent by certified or registered mail (return receipt requested), postage prepaid, to one of the addresses listed below, or (c) upon receipt if transmitted by e-mail as set forth below. If to Branch, all notices shall be provided to the mailing and e-mail address set forth below (“ Branch Notices ”). Billing-related notices to Customer will be addressed to the relevant billing contact designated by Customer on the applicable Order Form. All Legal Notices and other notices to Customer will be addressed to the relevant Services account administrator designated by Customer. Branch Notices : Legal notices should be sent to: Branch Metrics, Inc. 195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101 Palo Alto, CA 94306 With a copy provided to: legal@branch.io CONTACTING US Top If you have any questions or concerns about our Services or these Terms, you may contact us at: Branch Metrics, Inc.195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101Palo Alto, CA 94306 or by email at info@branch.io Effective May 9, 2022 to October 11, 2022 Table of Contents Terms & Conditions Last updated January 28, 2022 These Terms & Conditions (“ ”) are entered into by and between of Branch Metrics, Inc., a Delaware corporation d/b/a Branch Metrics (" ," " ," " ," or " ") and the entity or person accessing this website (“ ”) or placing an order for or accessing any Services made available by Branch Metrics (“ ” or “ ” or “ ”). “ " means the products and services that are made available online by Branch under these Terms, the “ ”, as defined in these Terms, other services or products that Branch may make available from time to time, including associated Branch offline or mobile components. Services exclude (i) Web-based, mobile, offline or other software application functionality that interoperates with a Service, that is provided by Customer or a third party, and (ii) Third-Party Content, as defined in these Terms. By indicating your acceptance of these Terms or using any of our Services, you agree to be legally bound by, and use our Services in compliance with, all terms, conditions, and notices in the Agreement. By agreeing to these Terms, you warrant that you are authorized to agree to these Terms on behalf of you and/or your company. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE OUR WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES. ” means these Terms together with any applicable Order Forms, and any exhibits, appendices, schedules, or attachments identified or referenced in these Terms, and any amendments attached hereto or hereafter attached by mutual written agreement of the parties (all of which are incorporated herein by reference). ” means an ordering document or online order specifying the Services to be provided hereunder that is entered into between Customer and Branch or any of their Affiliates, including any addenda and supplements thereto. By entering into an Order Form hereunder, an Affiliate agrees to be bound by the terms of the Agreement as if it were an original party hereto. ” means the applicable Service’s documentation and usage guidelines at https://docs.branch.io/ ” means any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the subject entity. “Control,” for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity. Modifications . We may make changes to these Terms from time to time. When we do, we will revise the "Last updated" date given above. It is your responsibility to review these Terms frequently and to remain informed of any changes to them. The then-current version of these Terms will supersede all earlier versions.You agree that your continued use of our Services after such changes have been published to our Services will constitute your acceptance of such revised Terms. Service Access & Availability . Subject to your compliance with these terms and conditions, Branch will make the Services available to you pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and solely for Customer’s internal business needs. Branch shall: (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to make the online Services available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, except for: (i) planned downtime (of which Branch shall give advance electronic notice), (ii) emergency maintenance that is reasonably unforeseeable and necessary for purposes of maintaining the integrity or operation of the Services, regardless of the notice provided by Branch and (iii) any unavailability caused by circumstances beyond Branch’s reasonable control, including, for example, an act of God, act of government, flood, fire, earthquake, civil unrest, act of terror, strike or other labor problem (other than one involving Branch employees), Internet service provider failure or delay, integrated third party applications , or denial of service attack, and (b) provide the Services in accordance with laws and government regulations applicable to Branch’s provision of its Services to its customers generally (i.e., without regard for Customer’s particular use of the Services), and subject to Customer’s use of the Services in accordance with the Agreement, the Documentation and the applicable Order Form. Your rights to access and use the Services are limited by all terms set forth in the Agreement. Restrictions . You must comply with all applicable laws when implementing, configuring, and using the Services. Except as expressly permitted under these Terms, you will not, and will not permit anyone else to: (a) make the functionality of the Services to any third party through any means, including, without limitation, any hosting, application services provider, service bureau, or other type of service; (b) use any automated tool (e.g., robots, spiders) to access or use the Services; (c) rent, lease, or sublicense your access to the Services to another person; (d) circumvent or disable any digital rights management, usage rules, or other security features of the Services or attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services or its related systems or networks; (e) use the Services in a manner that overburdens, or that threatens the integrity, performance, or availability of, the Services; (f) remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notices (including copyright and trademark notices) on any portion of the Services; (g) send material containing software viruses, worms, trojan horses, or other harmful computer code, files, scripts, agents, or programs; or (h) use the Services in connection with any Apps or websites that are directed to children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), without employing appropriate settings within the Branch SDKs to limit data collection from such children in accordance with applicable law. More information on these settings is available here. If you have questions about how to use these settings or have any reason to believe that these resources may not address your particular use case, please reach out to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at http://help.branch.io/. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, use of the Services in violation of the foregoing restrictions by Customer that, in Branch’s judgment, threatens the integrity, performance, availability, or security of the Services may result in Branch’s immediate suspension of, or limitation in Customer’s access to, the Services. Updates and Support . Branch will maintain, support, update, and provide error corrections for the Services to the same extent it does so for its customers generally. Ultimately, you are responsible for timely integration and launch of the Services. If Branch provides you with an update or maintenance release for the offline components of the Branch Services, unless you receive a separate license from Branch for that update or release that expressly supersedes these Terms, such update or release will be subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms. Branch shall have no liability for any damages that may result from Customer’s failure to implement upgrades or updates to the Services provided that Customer is notified in writing by Branch of an upgrade or update. All support requests must be sent to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at http://help.branch.io/. From time to time, Branch may invite You to try Beta Services.“ ” means Our services or functionality that are not generally available to customers at no additional charge and that may be made available to You to try at Your option which are designated as beta, pilot, limited release, developer preview, non-production, evaluation, or by a similar description. You may accept or decline any such trial in Your sole discretion. Beta Services are for evaluation purposes only and not for production use, are not subject to any service level agreements (SLAs) agreed to between you and Branch, and may be subject to additional terms. Branch is under no obligation to, maintain, support, update, or provide error corrections for the Beta Services. Branch may discontinue Beta Services at any time in Branch’s sole discretion and reserves the right to never make them generally available. BRANCH WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY HARM OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, CUSTOMER’S USE OF A BETA SERVICE. THE BETA SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND AS AVAILABLE, AND ARE EXCLUSIVE OF ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER. . In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between this section and any other provision of the Agreement, the terms of this section “BETA SERVICES” shall control and prevail with respect to Beta Services. Fees . You will pay to Branch all fees specified in an Order Form (“Fees”). You are responsible for all undisputed Fees, even if such Fees are due and payable after termination of the Agreement or any portion thereof. Fees are non-cancellable and failure to use the Services does not constitute a basis for refusing to pay any Fees. Except as expressly provided in the Agreement, you will not receive any refund or prorated refund for amounts previously paid or amounts owed up to the effective date of termination. Payments & Invoicing . Any relevant paid service-specific terms including, for example, contract duration, monthly fees, billing frequency, payment forms, and payment term will be addressed within an associated Order Form. All charges shall be invoiced in advance in accordance with the billing frequency stated in the applicable Order Form. You shall be responsible for the payment of any fees associated with an electronic funds transfer (i.e., ACH, wire transfer) when issuing payment to Branch, which includes fees from Your financial institution and intermediary banks. You are responsible for providing complete and accurate billing and contact information to Branch and notifying Branch of any changes to such information. In certain instances where your payment method is via credit card, the issuer of the credit card may charge a transaction fee or related charges, which you will be responsible to pay. Payment by Credit Card . In certain instances where your payment method is via credit card, the issuer of the credit card may charge a transaction fee or related charges, which you will be responsible to pay. Fees will be billed to the credit card nominated by you and you authorize the card issuer to pay all such amounts and authorize Branch (or its billing agent) to charge the credit card account until you or Branch cancels or terminates the Services as set forth herein; provided that if payment is not received from the credit card issuer, the transaction is returned after the payment has been settled, otherwise known as chargeback, or if there are insufficient funds in the case of check or debit card payments, you agree to pay all amounts plus any applicable transaction fees (e.g., NSF fees, chargeback fees) due upon demand. Payment Disputes . If you have concerns about any charges on your invoice, you agree to the following dispute resolution process: (i) all billing disputes must be submitted in writing to billing@branch.io, (ii) billing disputes must be submitted within 90 days of the date the invoice was generated, and (iii) undisputed amounts will be subject to the Agreement and total payment for undisputed invoices or amounts must be submitted when due. Suspension or Cancellation of Service; Payment Acceleration . Without derogating from any other remedies available to Branch under the Agreement or by applicable law, if you owe any undisputed Fees 30 days or more past due in connection with any Services provided by Branch under any applicable Order Form, then, without affecting any of your payment obligations under the Agreement (including, any payment obligations under an Order Form), Branch is entitled to take further action including but not limited to accelerating your unpaid fee obligations under such agreement so that all such obligations become immediately due and payable, and suspending and/or cancelling your access to the Services until such amounts are paid in full.Branch reserves the right to send your account to a collections agency for nonpayment (which may, in turn, report the uncollected debt to credit bureaus) and to use your contact information for debt collection purposes if the Agreement is terminated for non-payment as set forth herein following a 10-day cure period. Taxes . Branch’s Fees do not include any local, state, or federal sales, use, excise, personal property, VAT, or other similar taxes, duties, levies, tariffs, and other governmental charges (including, without limitation, any withholding tax, and any such taxes, to the extent legally applicable, which shall be borne and paid by Customer) (collectively, " Taxes "). If Branch has the legal obligation to pay or collect Taxes for which you are responsible under this section, Branch will invoice you and you will pay that amount unless you provide Branch with a valid tax exemption certificate authorized by the appropriate taxing authority. For clarity, you are responsible for payment of all Taxes resulting from any Fees payable hereunder, other than any taxes based on Branch’s net income, property, and employees. Withholding Taxes . In the event Fees payable by you to Branch under the Agreement are subject to any applicable withholding tax, goods and services tax, or similar taxes required by any tax authority and you are required by applicable law to remit such withholding tax, you: (a) may withhold and deduct from any payments to Branch under the Agreement an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding tax to the extent required by applicable law (" Withholding Tax "), (b) will pay to the relevant taxation authority the amount of such applicable withholdings in accordance with applicable law; and (c) will pay to Branch the applicable amounts under this Agreement net of such Withholding Tax. You shall be discharged from the obligation to pay Withholding Tax amounts to Branch provided that (1) you have remitted such amount to the relevant taxation authority and (2) you furnish Branch with (i) your tax registration certificate(s) as proof of registration with the applicable taxation authority, and (ii) any and all relevant tax forms and/or statements with proof of Withholding Tax remittance amount to the taxation authority, the applicable rate, and other information which may reasonably be requested for the purpose of assisting Branch to seek any allowable credits or deductions for the Withholding Tax so withheld in each jurisdiction where you are subject to tax. Overdue Charges . If any invoiced amount is not received by Branch by the due date set forth in the applicable invoice, then without limiting Branch’s rights or remedies, (a) those charges may accrue late interest at the rate of 2.5% of the outstanding balance per month, and (b) Branch may condition future Order Form renewals on payment terms shorter than those specified in the applicable Order Form. Term for Paid Services . Except as expressly set forth herein, the terms set forth in these Terms shall be in force for as long as an Order Form referencing the Agreement is in effect. Except as otherwise agreed to by you and Branch in a superseding Order Form, at the end of an applicable term, your access to the Services will automatically renew under the same Order Form terms (contract duration, billing frequency, payment period, etc.), unless and until your access to the Services is terminated in accordance with this section or either party to these Terms provides the other with notice of non-renewal (email sufficient; if to Branch, please email billing@branch.io) at least thirty (30) days prior to the commencement of any renewal period. Termination by Branch . Except as expressly agreed to by you and Branch in a superseding Order Form, Branch reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any portion of the Services immediately upon at least thirty (30) days’ written notice (email sufficient), provided that Branch will promptly provide a pro-rated refund of all pre-paid and unearned amounts based on the period of suspension or the date of discontinuance, as applicable. Branch may also, in its sole discretion, terminate your access to the Services or any portion thereof if you violate any terms of the Agreement, unless you cure such breach within thirty (30) days of the date Branch provides written notice to you of such violation. Termination by Branch for your violation of these Terms will be effective as of the last day of the 30-day cure period provided herein or immediately to the extent such violation reasonably cannot be cured. Upon termination of the Agreement, any outstanding balance through the effective date of termination and other unpaid payment obligations will be immediately due and payable in full.Except with respect to paid services, as to which the terms and conditions governing termination are set forth above in the section "PAID SERVICE TERMS" of these Terms above, You acknowledge and agree that Branch, in its sole discretion, may terminate your use of the Services without prior notice for any reason at any time. You agree that Branch shall not be liable to you or any third party for termination by Branch. Except when subject to a binding contract duration (see any applicable Order Form), you may terminate your access to and use of the Services at any time by providing written notice to Branch via the “Submit a Ticket” function at http://help.branch.io/ ). Such termination will be effective as of the last day of the calendar month during which such termination notice is received. Upon termination of the Agreement, those sections of these Terms that by their nature would reasonably be expected to survive will survive termination or expiration of these Terms, including but not limited to the sections on Termination, Privacy Policy & Data Rights, Confidential Information, Proprietary Rights, Limitation of Liability, and Legal Notices. Privacy Policy . You acknowledge and agree that you will provide a privacy policy to your end users, which shall be in compliance with applicable laws and self-regulatory guidelines, including, without limitation each of the Self-Regulatory Principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance (" DAA "), currently available at http://www.aboutads.info/principles, and the Principles of the European Interactive Digital Alliance (" EDAA "), currently available at http://www.edaa.eu/european-principles/, as each set of principles may be amended from time to time. Your privacy policy will further include clear, meaningful, and conspicuous notice consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines that includes, at minimum, the following: (a) disclosure regarding your practices with regard to cookies and/or targeting and online behavioral advertising; the types of data you collect for this purpose; and your data collection, use and disclosure practices (including that by visiting your Digital Properties, third parties may place cookies on end user browsers, or use non-cookie technology, to collect data that you may use for this purpose); and (b) information regarding how end users may opt out from receiving targeted advertisements by visiting the NAI website opt-out page here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ , the DAA opt-out page here: http://www.aboutads.info/ , and/or the EDAA opt-out page here: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ . Your “ ” means your mobile applications, websites and program code created by or for you using a Service or for use by you with the Services. You further agree to obtain consent to your practices from your end users with regard to cookies and/or targeting and online behavioral advertising to the extent required by applicable laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines. If you use Branch’s Engagement Builder feature, you agree to respect opt-out flags passed by Branch to you if you use Engagement Builder data for targeted advertisements. You acknowledge and agree that your use of the Services is subject to Branch’s Privacy Policy, located at https://branch.io/policies/#privacy. Branch’s Privacy Policy does not cover your Digital Properties, or the use of your Digital Properties, by your end users. It is your obligation to provide your own privacy policy to your end users. You acknowledge that Branch has no direct relationship or interface with your end users and that Branch’s ability to comply with certain applicable data protection and privacy laws is dependent on your compliance with the terms of this section of the Terms. Data Analytics . You acknowledge and agree that Branch may collect and process data from your Digital Properties as set forth in Branch’s Privacy Policy with respect to your use of the Services. You grant to Branch a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable license to use the data collected through the Services to provide, maintain, optimize and improve the Services. Data Security . Branch will maintain appropriate technical, administrative, and physical safeguards for the protection of information on its servers, including customer data, against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. However, you acknowledge and agree that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure, and that Branch cannot guarantee the absolute security of such information. Compliance with Applicable Law .You will comply with all laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines applicable to your business and operations and to your use of the Services, including those governing the privacy, security and trans-border transfers of personal data (including, but not limited to, compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) (" GDPR ") and the California Consumer Privacy Act (“ CCPA ”)). Where required, you shall be responsible for (a) obtaining verifiable consent, in the form required by applicable laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines, related to any personal data collected, used, maintained, and shared with Branch, or that you direct Branch to share with any third party; (b) ensuring that you otherwise have any and all rights required in order to provide such data to Branch or to direct Branch to share it with any third party; and (c) obtaining data properly and in accordance with applicable law, including, without limitation, the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“ COPPA ”), and the Video Privacy Protection Act (18 U.S.C. § 2710) (“ VPPA ”). To the extent that any of your users request that you not share their data with Branch, or to the extent that you believe that any data you may have provided to Branch was inappropriately obtained, you shall inform Branch immediately. Branch shall have no responsibility or liability to the extent resulting from, or arising out of your use of the Services not in compliance with the Agreement, the Documentation or applicable law. CCPA . If any data collected through your use of the Services is deemed personal information and is subject to the CCPA, then the terms set forth in the Branch CCPA Addendum (“ CCPA Addendum “) available at https://branch.io/branch-california-privacy-addendum/ (or its successor URL) shall apply to the use and processing of such personal information and shall be incorporated by reference into, and made an integral part of, the Agreement. Registration Information . In order to access and use the Services, you will register an account. Any information provided during such registration must be current, complete and accurate (“ Registration Information ”). It is your sole responsibility to ensure Registration Information is up to date at all times. Access Credentials . Certain parts of the Services, including account management features, may be password-restricted to registered users or other authorized persons. You may select individuals (your employees or your independent contractors) to access and use such parts and you will obtain separate credentials, e.g., user IDs and passwords, from Branch for such individuals (each, an " Authorized User "). Responsibility . You are responsible for all actions taken under an Authorized User’s account, whether or not such action was taken by an Authorized User or by another party, and whether or not such action was authorized by an Authorized User. You are responsible for the security of each Authorized User’s credentials and shall take all necessary steps to protect each Authorized User’s credentials from disclosure. You will not share (and will instruct each Authorized User not to share) such credentials with any other person or entity or otherwise permit any other person or entity to access or use the Services. Third Party Content . You may enable the Services to display, or contain links to, third party products, services, and websites. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information that constitute part of the content expressed, authored, or made available by other users or other third parties on the Services, or which is accessible through or may be located using the Services (collectively, " Third-Party Content ") are those of the respective authors or producers and not of Branch or its shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, or representatives. Branch does not control Third-Party Content and does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Third-Party Content. Branch is not responsible for the performance of, does not endorse, and is not responsible or liable for, any Third-Party Content or any information or materials advertised in any Third-Party Content. By using Branch’s Services, you and/or your end users may be exposed to content that is offensive, indecent, or objectionable. We are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused to you by your or a third party’s use of or reliance on any goods, services, or information available on or through any third-party service or Third-Party Content. It is your responsibility to evaluate the information, opinion, advice, or other content available on and through our Services. You are solely responsible for any content and other material that you submit, publish, transmit, or display on, through, or with our Services.Customer will not use Branch’s Services in violation of Branch’s Acceptable Use Policy currently available at https://branch.io/policies/#aup. Branch Trademark Rights . "Branch Metrics", the Branch Metrics logo, and any other trademarks or service marks used by Branch or slogan displayed on the Services (" Branch Marks ") are trademarks of Branch and its suppliers or licensors, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Branch or the applicable trademark holder. You may not use any metatags or any other "hidden text" utilizing "Branch Metrics" or any other Branch Marks without Branch’s prior written permission. In addition, the look and feel of the Services, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the trade dress of Branch and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without Branch’s prior written permission. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned in the Services are the property of their respective owners. Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation thereof by Branch. Agency Client . If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of, a third party (“ Agency Client “), you represent and warrant that you are authorized to act on behalf of, and bind to the Agreement, that Agency Client (and upon Branch’s request shall provide evidence thereof). You further represent and warrant that such Agency Client has provided you with explicit permission to collect on its behalf and view Agency Client’s data and that you shall use such data strictly in accordance with the permissions provided to you by such Agency Client and the terms of the Agreement. You shall ensure that each Agency Client agrees to the terms of the Agreement and any applicable Order Form(s) and agrees to abide by its terms, including without limitation, section 4 (Privacy and Data Rights) of these Terms. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) Branch makes no representations or warranties for the direct or indirect benefit of any Agency Client; and (ii) you shall not make any representations or warranties to such Agency Client on behalf of Branch. Partners . The Services enable you to measure and analyze its marketing campaigns with certain third parties that you work with, such as advertising networks, publishers and analytics providers (“ Partners “). For such purpose, you may, through your configuration of the Services (“ Partner Features ”), direct Branch to provide data to, and receive data from Partners relating to end users (“Shared Data”). Pursuant to the foregoing, insofar as you make use of the Partner Features, you hereby grant Branch the right to provide Shared Data with Partners as to which you make use of the Partner Features (the “ Permitted Partners ”) and to obtain and process Shared Data from Permitted Partners. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) the sharing of such Shared Data between Branch and Permitted Partners will be available only to the extent enabled by the Permitted Partner and Branch; (ii) any use of Shared Data by a Permitted Partner shall be subject to your own agreements with Permitted Partner; (iii) Branch shall have no liability or responsibility in connection with any acts or omissions by Permitted Partners; (iv) any use or processing of Shared Data may be subject to certain limitations and restrictions imposed by Permitted Partners, and that Branch is not responsible for fulfilling such limitations and restrictions unless expressly agreed to in writing between you and Branch. Definition . Each party to these Terms (a “ Receiving Party ”) may have access to, or become acquainted with, certain non-public confidential information of the other party (a “ Disclosing Party ”) including without limitation all information clearly identified as confidential at the time of disclosure (“ Confidential Information ”). You and Branch further agree that, subject to the rights and licenses granted herein, each party's Confidential Information shall include all non-public information regarding the Disclosing party, including without limitation any customer, customer prospect, the terms, conditions and pricing set forth in the Agreement and its Order Form(s), marketing, technical, business and/or strategic plans or information provided by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving party in the performance of the Services under the Agreement. Use and Disclosure .Each party agrees as follows: (a) to use the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party only for the purposes permitted by the Agreement, or as otherwise permitted by the Agreement; (b) to take all reasonable steps to ensure that the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information is not disclosed or distributed by the Receiving Party’s employees or agents in violation of the Agreement, but in no event will the Receiving party use less effort to protect the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party than it uses to protect its own Confidential Information of like importance; (c) to restrict access to the Confidential Information disclosed by the Disclosing Party to such of the Receiving Party’s employees, agents and third parties, if any, who have a need to have access and who have been advised of and have agreed in writing or are otherwise bound to treat such information in accordance with the Agreement; and (d) to return or destroy all Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party’s written request, after termination of the Agreement. The Receiving Party will not be obligated under this confidentiality section with respect to information that: (a) is or has become readily publicly available through no act or omission of the Receiving Party or its employees or agents; (b) is received from a third party lawfully in possession of such information and the Receiving Party has no knowledge of any disclosure restrictions on such third party to disclose such information; (c) is disclosed to a third party by the Disclosing Party without restriction on disclosure; (d) was rightfully in the possession of the Receiving Party without restriction prior to its disclosure by the Disclosing Party; or (e) was independently developed by employees or consultants of the Receiving Party without reliance on, or reference to, such Confidential Information. Permitted Disclosures . Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information may be disclosed as required by any governmental agency, provided that before disclosing such information the Receiving Party must provide the Disclosing Party with sufficient advance notice of the agency’s request for the information to enable the Receiving Party to exercise any rights it may have to challenge or limit the agency’s authority to receive such Confidential Information, to the extent permitted by applicable law. Proprietary Rights . As between you and Branch, you shall retain all right, title and interest in your Digital Properties. If you choose to use Customer’s Digital Properties with a Service, you grant Branch permission to allow the Services to interoperate with your Digital Properties as required for the interoperation of your Digital Properties with the Service. Subject to the limited licenses granted herein, Branch acquires no right, title or interest from you or your licensors under the Agreement in or to your Digital Properties. Subject to the limited rights expressly granted hereunder, Branch, its Affiliates, and its licensors reserve all of their right, title and interest in and to the Services (including the Branch application programming interfaces and the Branch software development kits), all technology utilized by Branch to provide the Services, and all of their related intellectual property rights related to, embodied by, or incorporated in any of the foregoing and including any updates, upgrades, enhancements, modifications and improvements made to, or derivatives of, the foregoing. No copyright is granted by Branch to Customer hereunder. No rights are granted to Customer hereunder other than as expressly set forth herein. Feedback . Branch may provide you with a mechanism to provide feedback, suggestions, and ideas, if you choose, about the Services (" Feedback "). You agree that Branch may, in its sole discretion, use the Feedback you provide to Branch in any way, including in future enhancements and modifications to the Services. You hereby grant to Branch and its assigns a perpetual, worldwide, fully transferable, sub-licensable, fully paid-up, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, and display the Feedback in any manner for any purpose, in any media, software, or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future, without any obligation to provide attribution or compensation to you or any third party. Warranty . You represent and warrant to Branch that: (a) you are duly organized under applicable law and have sufficient authority to enter into the Agreement; (b) the person entering into the Agreement is authorized to agree to and execute the Agreement on behalf of such party; and (c) the execution and performance of the Agreement does not conflict with any contractual obligations you have to any third party. DISCLAIMER .EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE AGREEMENT, THE SERVICES, AND THE DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. Branch does not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of the Services, and the Documentation, nor does Branch warrant that the Services will be free from errors, or that the operations of the Services will be uninterrupted. You rely on the Services and the Documentation at your own risk. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES. ACCORDINGLY THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW. BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE, GOODWILL, USE, DATA THAT IS INCOMPLETE, MISSING, OR INCORRECT, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF BRANCH HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTY CLAIMS), REGARDLESS OF THE FORUM AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY ACTION OR CLAIM IS BASED IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER TORT, BREACH OF ANY STATUTORY DUTY, INDEMNITY OR CONTRIBUTION, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNTS, IF ANY, THAT YOU HAVE PAID TO BRANCH FOR USE OF THE SERVICES FOR THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE CLAIM IN THE AGGREGATE. SOME OF THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED HEREIN MAY NOT BE ALLOWED UNDER THE LAWS OF CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS. IF ANY SUCH LAW IS DEEMED TO APPLY TO THE AGREEMENT THEN THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH HEREIN SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER SUCH LAWS. Indemnity . You will defend Branch, its Affiliates and their officers, agents, employees, representatives, and assigns (“ Branch Indemnified Parties ”) against any claim, demand suit or action against Branch brought by a third party (a) arising from your use of the Services in a unlawful manner or in violation of the Agreement or applicable Order Form, or usage of the Services in violation of the Documentation or (b) alleging that any of your Digital Properties developed or provided by you, or the combination of your Digital Properties used with the Services, infringes or misappropriates such third party’s intellectual property rights (c) based on your instructions to share Shared Data with a Partner or (d) related to a regulatory investigation (each a “ Claim Against Branch ”). You will indemnify Branch Indemnified Parties from any costs, damages, and expenses finally awarded against Branch Indemnified Parties as a result of, or for any amounts paid by Branch Indemnified Parties under a settlement approved by you in writing of, a Claim Against Branch. The above defense and indemnification obligations do not apply if a Claim Against Branch arises from Branch’s breach of the Agreement, or applicable Order Forms. Agency Indemnity . If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of an Agency Client, in addition to the obligations set forth in the section “AGENCIES & PARTNERS” of these Terms, you further agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Branch Indemnified Parties from and against any claim, demand, suit, or action and any related liability against a Branch Indemnified Party brought by a third party, arising out of or relating to: (a) any representations and warranties made by you concerning any aspect of the Services to an Agency Client; (b) any claims made by or on behalf of any Agency Client arising out or relating to your use of the Services; and (c) any claims arising out of or relating to acts or omissions of an Agency Client in connection with the Services. Indemnification Procedure . Your obligations to provide indemnification under this Agreement will be contingent upon (a) Branch promptly giving you written notice of any claim for which indemnification is sought (provided that the Branch’s failure to notify you will not diminish your obligations under this Section, except to the extent that you are materially prejudiced as a result of such failure); (b) you having sole control of the defense and settlement of any and all claims for which indemnification is sought (provided that no settlement may be entered into without either (i) the consent of Branch if such settlement would require any action on the part of Branch or (ii) unconditionally releasing Branch of all liability); and (c) Branch giving You all reasonably requested assistance at Your expense.Subject to the foregoing, Branch will at all times have the option to participate in any matter or litigation through counsel of its own selection solely at its own expense. Governing Law . The Agreement and all matters arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. The parties expressly disclaim and exclude the application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. Venue . Any legal action or proceeding arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts located in the Northern District of California. You and Branch hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, those courts in any such legal action or proceeding. No Waiver; Severability . Our failure to enforce any right or provision in the Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by us in writing. If any provision of the Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. Assignment . The Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with Branch’s prior written consent. Branch may transfer and assign any of its rights and obligations under the Agreement freely and without consent. Entire Agreement . Both you and Branch agree that the Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the Parties and supersedes all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to your use of the Services, and that all waivers and modifications must be in a signed writing by both Parties, except as otherwise provided herein. Preprinted terms in your purchase orders or other customer-generated ordering documents, or terms referenced or linked within them, will have no effect on the Agreement and are hereby rejected, regardless of whether they are signed, clicked through, or otherwise agreed to by Branch and/or purport to take precedence over the Agreement. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency among the following documents, the order of precedence shall be: (1) the applicable Order Form, (2) any exhibit, schedule or addendum to the Agreement, (3) the body of these Terms, and (4) the Documentation. Relationship between the Parties . The Parties are independent contractors. No agency, partnership, joint venture, fiduciary or employment relationship is created as a result of the Agreement, and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Branch in any respect whatsoever. Export / Trade Compliance . The Services and any derivatives thereof, may be subject to export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations of the United States and other jurisdictions. Both Customer and Branch each represent that it is not named on any U.S. Government Consolidated Screening denied-party list which may be searched at: https://www.export.gov/article?id=Consolidated-Screening-List. Customer shall not permit any entity or individual to access or use any of the Services who is listed on the Consolidated Screening List or located in a U.S. government-embargoed country (currently Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and Crimea), or known to be engaged in proliferation of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons or missiles, or otherwise in violation of any U.S. export law or regulation. Third Party Beneficiary . No provision of the Agreement is intended, nor shall it be interpreted, to provide or create any third-party beneficiary rights or any other rights of any kind in any customer, affiliate, stockholder, partner, member, director, officer or employee of any party hereto or any other person or entity. Marketing Support . You agree to comply with reasonable requests of Branch to support public relations efforts pertaining to the Services, which efforts may include: (a) a press release highlighting your company’s use of the Services; (b) participation in targeted press and analyst interviews highlighting benefits of implementing the Services; and (c) participation in customer case studies developed by Branch and used on Branch’s website(s) and other collateral. You grant to Branch a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to use your name, trademarks, and logos (collectively, the " Customer Marks ") (i) for the purpose of referencing You as a customer of Branch on the Branch website(s) and (ii) in the production of marketing materials, provided that such use is in accordance with any trademark and logo use guidelines that you provide to Branch. All goodwill developed from such use shall be solely for your benefit. Notices .Except as otherwise specified in the Agreement, all notices of termination or an indemnifiable claim related to the Agreement (“Legal Notices”) will be in writing and will be effective (a) upon receipt if personally delivered to one of the addresses listed below, (b) upon receipt if sent by certified or registered mail (return receipt requested), postage prepaid, to one of the addresses listed below, or (c) upon receipt if transmitted by e-mail as set forth below. If to Branch, all notices shall be provided to the mailing and e-mail address set forth below (“ Branch Notices ”). Billing-related notices to Customer will be addressed to the relevant billing contact designated by Customer on the applicable Order Form. All Legal Notices and other notices to Customer will be addressed to the relevant Services account administrator designated by Customer. Branch Notices : Legal notices should be sent to: Branch Metrics, Inc. 195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101 Palo Alto, CA 94306 With a copy provided to: legal@branch.io If you have any questions or concerns about our Services or these Terms, you may contact us at: Branch Metrics, Inc. 195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101 Palo Alto, CA 94306 or by email at info@branch.io Effective May 9, 2022 to May 9, 2022 Table of Contents Terms & Conditions Last updated January 28, 2022 These Terms & Conditions (“ ”) are entered into by and between of Branch Metrics, Inc., a Delaware corporation d/b/a Branch Metrics (" ," " ," " ," or " ") and the entity or person accessing this website (“ ”) or placing an order for or accessing any Services made available by Branch Metrics (“ ” or “ ” or “ ”). “ " means the products and services that are made available online by Branch under these Terms, the “ ”, as defined in these Terms, other services or products that Branch may make available from time to time, including associated Branch offline or mobile components. Services exclude (i) Web-based, mobile, offline or other software application functionality that interoperates with a Service, that is provided by Customer or a third party, and (ii) Third-Party Content, as defined in these Terms. By indicating your acceptance of these Terms or using any of our Services, you agree to be legally bound by, and use our Services in compliance with, all terms, conditions, and notices in the Agreement. By agreeing to these Terms, you warrant that you are authorized to agree to these Terms on behalf of you and/or your company. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS & CONDITIONS, DO NOT USE OUR WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES. ” means these Terms together with any applicable Order Forms, and any exhibits, appendices, schedules, or attachments identified or referenced in these Terms, and any amendments attached hereto or hereafter attached by mutual written agreement of the parties (all of which are incorporated herein by reference). ” means an ordering document or online order specifying the Services to be provided hereunder that is entered into between Customer and Branch or any of their Affiliates, including any addenda and supplements thereto. By entering into an Order Form hereunder, an Affiliate agrees to be bound by the terms of the Agreement as if it were an original party hereto. ” means the applicable Service’s documentation and usage guidelines at https://docs.branch.io/ ” means any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the subject entity. “Control,” for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity. Modifications . We may make changes to these Terms from time to time. When we do, we will revise the "Last updated" date given above. It is your responsibility to review these Terms frequently and to remain informed of any changes to them. The then-current version of these Terms will supersede all earlier versions. You agree that your continued use of our Services after such changes have been published to our Services will constitute your acceptance of such revised Terms. Service Access & Availability . Subject to your compliance with these terms and conditions, Branch will make the Services available to you pursuant to the terms of the Agreement and solely for Customer’s internal business needs.Branch shall: (a) use commercially reasonable efforts to make the online Services available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, except for: (i) planned downtime (of which Branch shall give advance electronic notice), (ii) emergency maintenance that is reasonably unforeseeable and necessary for purposes of maintaining the integrity or operation of the Services, regardless of the notice provided by Branch and (iii) any unavailability caused by circumstances beyond Branch’s reasonable control, including, for example, an act of God, act of government, flood, fire, earthquake, civil unrest, act of terror, strike or other labor problem (other than one involving Branch employees), Internet service provider failure or delay, integrated third party applications , or denial of service attack, and (b) provide the Services in accordance with laws and government regulations applicable to Branch’s provision of its Services to its customers generally (i.e., without regard for Customer’s particular use of the Services), and subject to Customer’s use of the Services in accordance with the Agreement, the Documentation and the applicable Order Form. Your rights to access and use the Services are limited by all terms set forth in the Agreement. Restrictions . You must comply with all applicable laws when implementing, configuring, and using the Services. Except as expressly permitted under these Terms, you will not, and will not permit anyone else to: (a) make the functionality of the Services to any third party through any means, including, without limitation, any hosting, application services provider, service bureau, or other type of service; (b) use any automated tool (e.g., robots, spiders) to access or use the Services; (c) rent, lease, or sublicense your access to the Services to another person; (d) circumvent or disable any digital rights management, usage rules, or other security features of the Services or attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Services or its related systems or networks; (e) use the Services in a manner that overburdens, or that threatens the integrity, performance, or availability of, the Services; (f) remove, alter, or obscure any proprietary notices (including copyright and trademark notices) on any portion of the Services; (g) send material containing software viruses, worms, trojan horses, or other harmful computer code, files, scripts, agents, or programs; or (h) use the Services in connection with any Apps or websites that are directed to children under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16), without employing appropriate settings within the Branch SDKs to limit data collection from such children in accordance with applicable law. More information on these settings is available here. If you have questions about how to use these settings or have any reason to believe that these resources may not address your particular use case, please reach out to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at http://help.branch.io/. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Agreement, use of the Services in violation of the foregoing restrictions by Customer that, in Branch’s judgment, threatens the integrity, performance, availability, or security of the Services may result in Branch’s immediate suspension of, or limitation in Customer’s access to, the Services. Updates and Support . Branch will maintain, support, update, and provide error corrections for the Services to the same extent it does so for its customers generally. Ultimately, you are responsible for timely integration and launch of the Services. If Branch provides you with an update or maintenance release for the offline components of the Branch Services, unless you receive a separate license from Branch for that update or release that expressly supersedes these Terms, such update or release will be subject to the terms and conditions of these Terms. Branch shall have no liability for any damages that may result from Customer’s failure to implement upgrades or updates to the Services provided that Customer is notified in writing by Branch of an upgrade or update. All support requests must be sent to the Branch Support team via the “Submit a Ticket” function at http://help.branch.io/. From time to time, Branch may invite You to try Beta Services. “ ” means Our services or functionality that are not generally available to customers at no additional charge and that may be made available to You to try at Your option which are designated as beta, pilot, limited release, developer preview, non-production, evaluation, or by a similar description. You may accept or decline any such trial in Your sole discretion. Beta Services are for evaluation purposes only and not for production use, are not subject to any service level agreements (SLAs) agreed to between you and Branch, and may be subject to additional terms.Branch is under no obligation to, maintain, support, update, or provide error corrections for the Beta Services. Branch may discontinue Beta Services at any time in Branch’s sole discretion and reserves the right to never make them generally available. BRANCH WILL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR ANY HARM OR DAMAGE ARISING OUT OF, OR IN CONNECTION WITH, CUSTOMER’S USE OF A BETA SERVICE. THE BETA SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND AS AVAILABLE, AND ARE EXCLUSIVE OF ANY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER. . In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between this section and any other provision of the Agreement, the terms of this section “BETA SERVICES” shall control and prevail with respect to Beta Services. Fees . You will pay to Branch all fees specified in an Order Form (“Fees”). You are responsible for all undisputed Fees, even if such Fees are due and payable after termination of the Agreement or any portion thereof. Fees are non-cancellable and failure to use the Services does not constitute a basis for refusing to pay any Fees. Except as expressly provided in the Agreement, you will not receive any refund or prorated refund for amounts previously paid or amounts owed up to the effective date of termination. Payments & Invoicing . Any relevant paid service-specific terms including, for example, contract duration, monthly fees, billing frequency, payment forms, and payment term will be addressed within an associated Order Form. All charges shall be invoiced in advance in accordance with the billing frequency stated in the applicable Order Form. You shall be responsible for the payment of any fees associated with an electronic funds transfer (i.e., ACH, wire transfer) when issuing payment to Branch, which includes fees from Your financial institution and intermediary banks. You are responsible for providing complete and accurate billing and contact information to Branch and notifying Branch of any changes to such information. In certain instances where your payment method is via credit card, the issuer of the credit card may charge a transaction fee or related charges, which you will be responsible to pay. Payment by Credit Card . In certain instances where your payment method is via credit card, the issuer of the credit card may charge a transaction fee or related charges, which you will be responsible to pay. Fees will be billed to the credit card nominated by you and you authorize the card issuer to pay all such amounts and authorize Branch (or its billing agent) to charge the credit card account until you or Branch cancels or terminates the Services as set forth herein; provided that if payment is not received from the credit card issuer, the transaction is returned after the payment has been settled, otherwise known as chargeback, or if there are insufficient funds in the case of check or debit card payments, you agree to pay all amounts plus any applicable transaction fees (e.g., NSF fees, chargeback fees) due upon demand. Payment Disputes . If you have concerns about any charges on your invoice, you agree to the following dispute resolution process: (i) all billing disputes must be submitted in writing to billing@branch.io, (ii) billing disputes must be submitted within 90 days of the date the invoice was generated, and (iii) undisputed amounts will be subject to the Agreement and total payment for undisputed invoices or amounts must be submitted when due. Suspension or Cancellation of Service; Payment Acceleration . Without derogating from any other remedies available to Branch under the Agreement or by applicable law, if you owe any undisputed Fees 30 days or more past due in connection with any Services provided by Branch under any applicable Order Form, then, without affecting any of your payment obligations under the Agreement (including, any payment obligations under an Order Form), Branch is entitled to take further action including but not limited to accelerating your unpaid fee obligations under such agreement so that all such obligations become immediately due and payable, and suspending and/or cancelling your access to the Services until such amounts are paid in full. Branch reserves the right to send your account to a collections agency for nonpayment (which may, in turn, report the uncollected debt to credit bureaus) and to use your contact information for debt collection purposes if the Agreement is terminated for non-payment as set forth herein following a 10-day cure period. Taxes . Branch’s Fees do not include any local, state, or federal sales, use, excise, personal property, VAT, or other similar taxes, duties, levies, tariffs, and other governmental charges (including, without limitation, any withholding tax, and any such taxes, to the extent legally applicable, which shall be borne and paid by Customer) (collectively, " Taxes ").If Branch has the legal obligation to pay or collect Taxes for which you are responsible under this section, Branch will invoice you and you will pay that amount unless you provide Branch with a valid tax exemption certificate authorized by the appropriate taxing authority. For clarity, you are responsible for payment of all Taxes resulting from any Fees payable hereunder, other than any taxes based on Branch’s net income, property, and employees. Withholding Taxes . In the event Fees payable by you to Branch under the Agreement are subject to any applicable withholding tax, goods and services tax, or similar taxes required by any tax authority and you are required by applicable law to remit such withholding tax, you: (a) may withhold and deduct from any payments to Branch under the Agreement an amount equivalent to any applicable withholding tax to the extent required by applicable law (" Withholding Tax "), (b) will pay to the relevant taxation authority the amount of such applicable withholdings in accordance with applicable law; and (c) will pay to Branch the applicable amounts under this Agreement net of such Withholding Tax. You shall be discharged from the obligation to pay Withholding Tax amounts to Branch provided that (1) you have remitted such amount to the relevant taxation authority and (2) you furnish Branch with (i) your tax registration certificate(s) as proof of registration with the applicable taxation authority, and (ii) any and all relevant tax forms and/or statements with proof of Withholding Tax remittance amount to the taxation authority, the applicable rate, and other information which may reasonably be requested for the purpose of assisting Branch to seek any allowable credits or deductions for the Withholding Tax so withheld in each jurisdiction where you are subject to tax. Overdue Charges . If any invoiced amount is not received by Branch by the due date set forth in the applicable invoice, then without limiting Branch’s rights or remedies, (a) those charges may accrue late interest at the rate of 2.5% of the outstanding balance per month, and (b) Branch may condition future Order Form renewals on payment terms shorter than those specified in the applicable Order Form. Term for Paid Services . Except as expressly set forth herein, the terms set forth in these Terms shall be in force for as long as an Order Form referencing the Agreement is in effect. Except as otherwise agreed to by you and Branch in a superseding Order Form, at the end of an applicable term, your access to the Services will automatically renew under the same Order Form terms (contract duration, billing frequency, payment period, etc.), unless and until your access to the Services is terminated in accordance with this section or either party to these Terms provides the other with notice of non-renewal (email sufficient; if to Branch, please email billing@branch.io) at least thirty (30) days prior to the commencement of any renewal period. Termination by Branch . Except as expressly agreed to by you and Branch in a superseding Order Form, Branch reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, all or any portion of the Services immediately upon at least thirty (30) days’ written notice (email sufficient), provided that Branch will promptly provide a pro-rated refund of all pre-paid and unearned amounts based on the period of suspension or the date of discontinuance, as applicable. Branch may also, in its sole discretion, terminate your access to the Services or any portion thereof if you violate any terms of the Agreement, unless you cure such breach within thirty (30) days of the date Branch provides written notice to you of such violation. Termination by Branch for your violation of these Terms will be effective as of the last day of the 30-day cure period provided herein or immediately to the extent such violation reasonably cannot be cured. Upon termination of the Agreement, any outstanding balance through the effective date of termination and other unpaid payment obligations will be immediately due and payable in full. Except with respect to paid services, as to which the terms and conditions governing termination are set forth above in the section "PAID SERVICE TERMS" of these Terms above, You acknowledge and agree that Branch, in its sole discretion, may terminate your use of the Services without prior notice for any reason at any time. You agree that Branch shall not be liable to you or any third party for termination by Branch. Except when subject to a binding contract duration (see any applicable Order Form), you may terminate your access to and use of the Services at any time by providing written notice to Branch via the “Submit a Ticket” function at http://help.branch.io/ ). Such termination will be effective as of the last day of the calendar month during which such termination notice is received.Upon termination of the Agreement, those sections of these Terms that by their nature would reasonably be expected to survive will survive termination or expiration of these Terms, including but not limited to the sections on Termination, Privacy Policy & Data Rights, Confidential Information, Proprietary Rights, Limitation of Liability, and Legal Notices. Privacy Policy . You acknowledge and agree that you will provide a privacy policy to your end users, which shall be in compliance with applicable laws and self-regulatory guidelines, including, without limitation each of the Self-Regulatory Principles of the Digital Advertising Alliance (" DAA "), currently available at http://www.aboutads.info/principles, and the Principles of the European Interactive Digital Alliance (" EDAA "), currently available at http://www.edaa.eu/european-principles/, as each set of principles may be amended from time to time. Your privacy policy will further include clear, meaningful, and conspicuous notice consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines that includes, at minimum, the following: (a) disclosure regarding your practices with regard to cookies and/or targeting and online behavioral advertising; the types of data you collect for this purpose; and your data collection, use and disclosure practices (including that by visiting your Digital Properties, third parties may place cookies on end user browsers, or use non-cookie technology, to collect data that you may use for this purpose); and (b) information regarding how end users may opt out from receiving targeted advertisements by visiting the NAI website opt-out page here: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ , the DAA opt-out page here: http://www.aboutads.info/ , and/or the EDAA opt-out page here: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ . Your “ ” means your mobile applications, websites and program code created by or for you using a Service or for use by you with the Services. You further agree to obtain consent to your practices from your end users with regard to cookies and/or targeting and online behavioral advertising to the extent required by applicable laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines. If you use Branch’s Engagement Builder feature, you agree to respect opt-out flags passed by Branch to you if you use Engagement Builder data for targeted advertisements. You acknowledge and agree that your use of the Services is subject to Branch’s Privacy Policy, located at https://branch.io/policies/#privacy. Branch’s Privacy Policy does not cover your Digital Properties, or the use of your Digital Properties, by your end users. It is your obligation to provide your own privacy policy to your end users. You acknowledge that Branch has no direct relationship or interface with your end users and that Branch’s ability to comply with certain applicable data protection and privacy laws is dependent on your compliance with the terms of this section of the Terms. Data Analytics . You acknowledge and agree that Branch may collect and process data from your Digital Properties as set forth in Branch’s Privacy Policy with respect to your use of the Services. You grant to Branch a limited, non-exclusive, non-sublicensable, non-transferable license to use the data collected through the Services to provide, maintain, optimize and improve the Services. Data Security . Branch will maintain appropriate technical, administrative, and physical safeguards for the protection of information on its servers, including customer data, against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. However, you acknowledge and agree that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is completely secure, and that Branch cannot guarantee the absolute security of such information. Compliance with Applicable Law . You will comply with all laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines applicable to your business and operations and to your use of the Services, including those governing the privacy, security and trans-border transfers of personal data (including, but not limited to, compliance with the General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679) (" GDPR ") and the California Consumer Privacy Act (“ CCPA ”)). Where required, you shall be responsible for (a) obtaining verifiable consent, in the form required by applicable laws, regulations, and self-regulatory guidelines, related to any personal data collected, used, maintained, and shared with Branch, or that you direct Branch to share with any third party; (b) ensuring that you otherwise have any and all rights required in order to provide such data to Branch or to direct Branch to share it with any third party; and (c) obtaining data properly and in accordance with applicable law, including, without limitation, the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“ COPPA ”), and the Video Privacy Protection Act (18 U.S.C. § 2710) (“ VPPA ”).To the extent that any of your users request that you not share their data with Branch, or to the extent that you believe that any data you may have provided to Branch was inappropriately obtained, you shall inform Branch immediately. Branch shall have no responsibility or liability to the extent resulting from, or arising out of your use of the Services not in compliance with the Agreement, the Documentation or applicable law. CCPA . If any data collected through your use of the Services is deemed personal information and is subject to the CCPA, then the terms set forth in the Branch CCPA Addendum (“ CCPA Addendum “) available at https://branch.io/branch-california-privacy-addendum/ (or its successor URL) shall apply to the use and processing of such personal information and shall be incorporated by reference into, and made an integral part of, the Agreement. Registration Information . In order to access and use the Services, you will register an account. Any information provided during such registration must be current, complete and accurate (“ Registration Information ”). It is your sole responsibility to ensure Registration Information is up to date at all times. Access Credentials . Certain parts of the Services, including account management features, may be password-restricted to registered users or other authorized persons. You may select individuals (your employees or your independent contractors) to access and use such parts and you will obtain separate credentials, e.g., user IDs and passwords, from Branch for such individuals (each, an " Authorized User "). Responsibility . You are responsible for all actions taken under an Authorized User’s account, whether or not such action was taken by an Authorized User or by another party, and whether or not such action was authorized by an Authorized User. You are responsible for the security of each Authorized User’s credentials and shall take all necessary steps to protect each Authorized User’s credentials from disclosure. You will not share (and will instruct each Authorized User not to share) such credentials with any other person or entity or otherwise permit any other person or entity to access or use the Services. Third Party Content . You may enable the Services to display, or contain links to, third party products, services, and websites. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information that constitute part of the content expressed, authored, or made available by other users or other third parties on the Services, or which is accessible through or may be located using the Services (collectively, " Third-Party Content ") are those of the respective authors or producers and not of Branch or its shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, or representatives. Branch does not control Third-Party Content and does not guarantee the accuracy, integrity or quality of such Third-Party Content. Branch is not responsible for the performance of, does not endorse, and is not responsible or liable for, any Third-Party Content or any information or materials advertised in any Third-Party Content. By using Branch’s Services, you and/or your end users may be exposed to content that is offensive, indecent, or objectionable. We are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused to you by your or a third party’s use of or reliance on any goods, services, or information available on or through any third-party service or Third-Party Content. It is your responsibility to evaluate the information, opinion, advice, or other content available on and through our Services. You are solely responsible for any content and other material that you submit, publish, transmit, or display on, through, or with our Services. Customer will not use Branch’s Services in violation of Branch’s Acceptable Use Policy currently available at https://branch.io/policies/#aup. Branch Trademark Rights . "Branch Metrics", the Branch Metrics logo, and any other trademarks or service marks used by Branch or slogan displayed on the Services (" Branch Marks ") are trademarks of Branch and its suppliers or licensors, and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without the prior written permission of Branch or the applicable trademark holder. You may not use any metatags or any other "hidden text" utilizing "Branch Metrics" or any other Branch Marks without Branch’s prior written permission. In addition, the look and feel of the Services, including all page headers, custom graphics, button icons and scripts, is the trade dress of Branch and may not be copied, imitated or used, in whole or in part, without Branch’s prior written permission. All other trademarks, registered trademarks, product names and company names or logos mentioned in the Services are the property of their respective owners.Reference to any products, services, processes or other information, by trade name, trademark, manufacturer, supplier, or otherwise does not constitute or imply endorsement, sponsorship, or recommendation thereof by Branch. Agency Client . If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of, a third party (“ Agency Client “), you represent and warrant that you are authorized to act on behalf of, and bind to the Agreement, that Agency Client (and upon Branch’s request shall provide evidence thereof). You further represent and warrant that such Agency Client has provided you with explicit permission to collect on its behalf and view Agency Client’s data and that you shall use such data strictly in accordance with the permissions provided to you by such Agency Client and the terms of the Agreement. You shall ensure that each Agency Client agrees to the terms of the Agreement and any applicable Order Form(s) and agrees to abide by its terms, including without limitation, section 4 (Privacy and Data Rights) of these Terms. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) Branch makes no representations or warranties for the direct or indirect benefit of any Agency Client; and (ii) you shall not make any representations or warranties to such Agency Client on behalf of Branch. Partners . The Services enable you to measure and analyze its marketing campaigns with certain third parties that you work with, such as advertising networks, publishers and analytics providers (“ Partners “). For such purpose, you may, through your configuration of the Services (“ Partner Features ”), direct Branch to provide data to, and receive data from Partners relating to end users (“Shared Data”). Pursuant to the foregoing, insofar as you make use of the Partner Features, you hereby grant Branch the right to provide Shared Data with Partners as to which you make use of the Partner Features (the “ Permitted Partners ”) and to obtain and process Shared Data from Permitted Partners. You acknowledge and agree that: (i) the sharing of such Shared Data between Branch and Permitted Partners will be available only to the extent enabled by the Permitted Partner and Branch; (ii) any use of Shared Data by a Permitted Partner shall be subject to your own agreements with Permitted Partner; (iii) Branch shall have no liability or responsibility in connection with any acts or omissions by Permitted Partners; (iv) any use or processing of Shared Data may be subject to certain limitations and restrictions imposed by Permitted Partners, and that Branch is not responsible for fulfilling such limitations and restrictions unless expressly agreed to in writing between you and Branch. Definition . Each party to these Terms (a “ Receiving Party ”) may have access to, or become acquainted with, certain non-public confidential information of the other party (a “ Disclosing Party ”) including without limitation all information clearly identified as confidential at the time of disclosure (“ Confidential Information ”). You and Branch further agree that, subject to the rights and licenses granted herein, each party's Confidential Information shall include all non-public information regarding the Disclosing party, including without limitation any customer, customer prospect, the terms, conditions and pricing set forth in the Agreement and its Order Form(s), marketing, technical, business and/or strategic plans or information provided by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving party in the performance of the Services under the Agreement. Use and Disclosure . Each party agrees as follows: (a) to use the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party only for the purposes permitted by the Agreement, or as otherwise permitted by the Agreement; (b) to take all reasonable steps to ensure that the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information is not disclosed or distributed by the Receiving Party’s employees or agents in violation of the Agreement, but in no event will the Receiving party use less effort to protect the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party than it uses to protect its own Confidential Information of like importance; (c) to restrict access to the Confidential Information disclosed by the Disclosing Party to such of the Receiving Party’s employees, agents and third parties, if any, who have a need to have access and who have been advised of and have agreed in writing or are otherwise bound to treat such information in accordance with the Agreement; and (d) to return or destroy all Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party’s written request, after termination of the Agreement.The Receiving Party will not be obligated under this confidentiality section with respect to information that: (a) is or has become readily publicly available through no act or omission of the Receiving Party or its employees or agents; (b) is received from a third party lawfully in possession of such information and the Receiving Party has no knowledge of any disclosure restrictions on such third party to disclose such information; (c) is disclosed to a third party by the Disclosing Party without restriction on disclosure; (d) was rightfully in the possession of the Receiving Party without restriction prior to its disclosure by the Disclosing Party; or (e) was independently developed by employees or consultants of the Receiving Party without reliance on, or reference to, such Confidential Information. Permitted Disclosures . Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information may be disclosed as required by any governmental agency, provided that before disclosing such information the Receiving Party must provide the Disclosing Party with sufficient advance notice of the agency’s request for the information to enable the Receiving Party to exercise any rights it may have to challenge or limit the agency’s authority to receive such Confidential Information, to the extent permitted by applicable law. Proprietary Rights . As between you and Branch, you shall retain all right, title and interest in your Digital Properties. If you choose to use Customer’s Digital Properties with a Service, you grant Branch permission to allow the Services to interoperate with your Digital Properties as required for the interoperation of your Digital Properties with the Service. Subject to the limited licenses granted herein, Branch acquires no right, title or interest from you or your licensors under the Agreement in or to your Digital Properties. Subject to the limited rights expressly granted hereunder, Branch, its Affiliates, and its licensors reserve all of their right, title and interest in and to the Services (including the Branch application programming interfaces and the Branch software development kits), all technology utilized by Branch to provide the Services, and all of their related intellectual property rights related to, embodied by, or incorporated in any of the foregoing and including any updates, upgrades, enhancements, modifications and improvements made to, or derivatives of, the foregoing. No copyright is granted by Branch to Customer hereunder. No rights are granted to Customer hereunder other than as expressly set forth herein. Feedback . Branch may provide you with a mechanism to provide feedback, suggestions, and ideas, if you choose, about the Services (" Feedback "). You agree that Branch may, in its sole discretion, use the Feedback you provide to Branch in any way, including in future enhancements and modifications to the Services. You hereby grant to Branch and its assigns a perpetual, worldwide, fully transferable, sub-licensable, fully paid-up, irrevocable, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, modify, create derivative works from, distribute, and display the Feedback in any manner for any purpose, in any media, software, or technology of any kind now existing or developed in the future, without any obligation to provide attribution or compensation to you or any third party. Warranty . You represent and warrant to Branch that: (a) you are duly organized under applicable law and have sufficient authority to enter into the Agreement; (b) the person entering into the Agreement is authorized to agree to and execute the Agreement on behalf of such party; and (c) the execution and performance of the Agreement does not conflict with any contractual obligations you have to any third party. DISCLAIMER . EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THE AGREEMENT, THE SERVICES, AND THE DOCUMENTATION ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” WITHOUT REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, BRANCH EXPLICITLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, QUIET ENJOYMENT OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, OR USAGE OF TRADE. Branch does not warrant the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of the Services, and the Documentation, nor does Branch warrant that the Services will be free from errors, or that the operations of the Services will be uninterrupted. You rely on the Services and the Documentation at your own risk. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CERTAIN WARRANTIES IN CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES. ACCORDINGLY THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH ABOVE APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE, GOODWILL, USE, DATA THAT IS INCOMPLETE, MISSING, OR INCORRECT, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF BRANCH HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS AND LICENSORS RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTY CLAIMS), REGARDLESS OF THE FORUM AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY ACTION OR CLAIM IS BASED IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER TORT, BREACH OF ANY STATUTORY DUTY, INDEMNITY OR CONTRIBUTION, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNTS, IF ANY, THAT YOU HAVE PAID TO BRANCH FOR USE OF THE SERVICES FOR THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRIOR TO THE CLAIM IN THE AGGREGATE. SOME OF THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED HEREIN MAY NOT BE ALLOWED UNDER THE LAWS OF CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS. IF ANY SUCH LAW IS DEEMED TO APPLY TO THE AGREEMENT THEN THE LIMITATIONS SET FORTH HEREIN SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER SUCH LAWS. Indemnity . You will defend Branch, its Affiliates and their officers, agents, employees, representatives, and assigns (“ Branch Indemnified Parties ”) against any claim, demand suit or action against Branch brought by a third party (a) arising from your use of the Services in a unlawful manner or in violation of the Agreement or applicable Order Form, or usage of the Services in violation of the Documentation or (b) alleging that any of your Digital Properties developed or provided by you, or the combination of your Digital Properties used with the Services, infringes or misappropriates such third party’s intellectual property rights (c) based on your instructions to share Shared Data with a Partner or (d) related to a regulatory investigation (each a “ Claim Against Branch ”). You will indemnify Branch Indemnified Parties from any costs, damages, and expenses finally awarded against Branch Indemnified Parties as a result of, or for any amounts paid by Branch Indemnified Parties under a settlement approved by you in writing of, a Claim Against Branch. The above defense and indemnification obligations do not apply if a Claim Against Branch arises from Branch’s breach of the Agreement, or applicable Order Forms. Agency Indemnity . If you are an agency or a party representing, or providing services for the benefit of an Agency Client, in addition to the obligations set forth in the section “AGENCIES & PARTNERS” of these Terms, you further agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend Branch Indemnified Parties from and against any claim, demand, suit, or action and any related liability against a Branch Indemnified Party brought by a third party, arising out of or relating to: (a) any representations and warranties made by you concerning any aspect of the Services to an Agency Client; (b) any claims made by or on behalf of any Agency Client arising out or relating to your use of the Services; and (c) any claims arising out of or relating to acts or omissions of an Agency Client in connection with the Services. Indemnification Procedure . Your obligations to provide indemnification under this Agreement will be contingent upon (a) Branch promptly giving you written notice of any claim for which indemnification is sought (provided that the Branch’s failure to notify you will not diminish your obligations under this Section, except to the extent that you are materially prejudiced as a result of such failure); (b) you having sole control of the defense and settlement of any and all claims for which indemnification is sought (provided that no settlement may be entered into without either (i) the consent of Branch if such settlement would require any action on the part of Branch or (ii) unconditionally releasing Branch of all liability); and (c) Branch giving You all reasonably requested assistance at Your expense. Subject to the foregoing, Branch will at all times have the option to participate in any matter or litigation through counsel of its own selection solely at its own expense. Governing Law . The Agreement and all matters arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. The parties expressly disclaim and exclude the application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. Venue . Any legal action or proceeding arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts located in the Northern District of California. You and Branch hereby agree to submit to the jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, those courts in any such legal action or proceeding. No Waiver; Severability .Our failure to enforce any right or provision in the Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision unless acknowledged and agreed to by us in writing. If any provision of the Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid, that provision will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary so that the Agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable. Assignment . The Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by you except with Branch’s prior written consent. Branch may transfer and assign any of its rights and obligations under the Agreement freely and without consent. Entire Agreement . Both you and Branch agree that the Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the mutual understanding of the Parties and supersedes all previous written and oral agreements, communications and other understandings relating to your use of the Services, and that all waivers and modifications must be in a signed writing by both Parties, except as otherwise provided herein. Preprinted terms in your purchase orders or other customer-generated ordering documents, or terms referenced or linked within them, will have no effect on the Agreement and are hereby rejected, regardless of whether they are signed, clicked through, or otherwise agreed to by Branch and/or purport to take precedence over the Agreement. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency among the following documents, the order of precedence shall be: (1) the applicable Order Form, (2) any exhibit, schedule or addendum to the Agreement, (3) the body of these Terms, and (4) the Documentation. Relationship between the Parties . The Parties are independent contractors. No agency, partnership, joint venture, fiduciary or employment relationship is created as a result of the Agreement, and you do not have any authority of any kind to bind Branch in any respect whatsoever. Export / Trade Compliance . The Services and any derivatives thereof, may be subject to export control and economic sanctions laws and regulations of the United States and other jurisdictions. Both Customer and Branch each represent that it is not named on any U.S. Government Consolidated Screening denied-party list which may be searched at: https://www.export.gov/article?id=Consolidated-Screening-List. Customer shall not permit any entity or individual to access or use any of the Services who is listed on the Consolidated Screening List or located in a U.S. government-embargoed country (currently Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Syria and Crimea), or known to be engaged in proliferation of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons or missiles, or otherwise in violation of any U.S. export law or regulation. Third Party Beneficiary . No provision of the Agreement is intended, nor shall it be interpreted, to provide or create any third-party beneficiary rights or any other rights of any kind in any customer, affiliate, stockholder, partner, member, director, officer or employee of any party hereto or any other person or entity. Marketing Support . You agree to comply with reasonable requests of Branch to support public relations efforts pertaining to the Services, which efforts may include: (a) a press release highlighting your company’s use of the Services; (b) participation in targeted press and analyst interviews highlighting benefits of implementing the Services; and (c) participation in customer case studies developed by Branch and used on Branch’s website(s) and other collateral. You grant to Branch a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to use your name, trademarks, and logos (collectively, the " Customer Marks ") (i) for the purpose of referencing You as a customer of Branch on the Branch website(s) and (ii) in the production of marketing materials, provided that such use is in accordance with any trademark and logo use guidelines that you provide to Branch. All goodwill developed from such use shall be solely for your benefit. Notices . Except as otherwise specified in the Agreement, all notices of termination or an indemnifiable claim related to the Agreement (“Legal Notices”) will be in writing and will be effective (a) upon receipt if personally delivered to one of the addresses listed below, (b) upon receipt if sent by certified or registered mail (return receipt requested), postage prepaid, to one of the addresses listed below, or (c) upon receipt if transmitted by e-mail as set forth below. If to Branch, all notices shall be provided to the mailing and e-mail address set forth below (“ Branch Notices ”). Billing-related notices to Customer will be addressed to the relevant billing contact designated by Customer on the applicable Order Form. All Legal Notices and other notices to Customer will be addressed to the relevant Services account administrator designated by Customer. Branch Notices : Legal notices should be sent to: Branch Metrics, Inc.195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101 Palo Alto, CA 94306 With a copy provided to: legal@branch.io If you have any questions or concerns about our Services or these Terms, you may contact us at: Branch Metrics, Inc. 195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101 Palo Alto, CA 94306 or by email at info@branch.io California Privacy Addendum Version Effective January 1, 2023 Table of Contents California Privacy Addendum Effective: January 1, 2023 I. DEFINITIONS Top “CCPA” means the California Consumer Privacy Act at Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 - 1798.199, including its implementing regulations.“Personal Information” shall have the meaning set forth in the CCPA, limited to the information that Branch processes on behalf of Customer in its performance of its obligations under the Agreement.The terms “Business,” “Service Provider,” “Share,” and “Sell” shall have the meaning set forth in the CCPA. II. PARTIES’ ROLES AND PROCESSING DETAILS Top The Parties agree that you are a Business and Branch is a Service Provider.Branch shall process Personal Information as necessary for the performance of the Services, as well as related support and professional services as set forth in the Agreement, or where directed by other reasonable documented instructions provided by Customer (collectively, the “Business Purposes”). III. BRANCH’S OBLIGATIONS Top Customer Instructions. Customer directs Branch to collect, retain, use, disclose, and/or otherwise process Personal Information (i) to fulfill Branch’s obligations to perform the Business Purposes, (ii) to fulfill Branch’s obligations in this Addendum, (iii) internal use as permitted by the CCPA, (iv) to detect data security incidents or protect against fraudulent or illegal activity, and (v) as otherwise directed by Customer in writing.Use Limitations. Except as authorized by the CCPA, Branch shall: not Sell or Share Personal Information;not retain, use, or disclose Personal Information outside of the direct business relationship between Customer and Branch that would render it a “Third Party” under CCPA;not retain, use, or disclose Personal Information for any commercial purpose other than the Business Purposes; not attempt to re-identify any pseudonymized, anonymized, aggregate, or de-identified Personal Information without Customer’s express written permission; not attempt to link, identify, or otherwise create a relationship between Personal Information and other personal information or any other data without the express authorization of Customer;comply with any applicable restrictions under the CCPA on combining Personal Information with personal information that Branch receives from, or on behalf of, another person or persons, or that Branch collects from any interaction between it and any individual;provide the same level of protection for Personal Information as is required under the CCPA as to Customer; not otherwise engage in any processing of Personal Information that is prohibited or not permitted by Service Providers under the CCPA; andnotify Customer if Branch determines it can no longer meet its obligations under the CCPA. Permitted Uses. In addition to the purposes set forth above, Customer understands and agrees that Branch may collect, retain, use, disclose, and otherwise process Personal Information as follows: To collect, use, retain, share, or disclose Personal Information that has been (A) aggregated or (B) de-identified in accordance with the CCPA. To comply with applicable laws.To comply with a civil, criminal, or regulatory inquiry, investigation, subpoena, or summons by federal, state, or local authoritiesTo cooperate with law enforcement agencies concerning conduct or activity that Customer, Branch, or a third party reasonably and in good faith believes may violate federal, state, or local law.To exercise or defend legal claims. Access, Deletion, and Correction Requests. Upon written request of Customer, Branch shall assist Customer in complying with Customer’s obligations under the CCPA to respond to verifiable consumer requests to access, delete, or correct Personal Information. Branch shall have no obligation to re-identify or otherwise link information that is not maintained in a manner that would be considered Personal Information. Branch Certification. Branch certifies that it understands the restrictions and obligations set forth above. IV. CUSTOMER RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS. Top Compliance with Applicable Law. Customer shall comply with applicable laws, including without limitation, and to the extent required: (i) providing notice; (ii) obtaining consent; (iii) honoring access, deletion, opt-out, and opt-in rights and requests; and (iv) otherwise ensuring that it and Branch have any and all rights required in order for Branch to collect, retain, use, disclose, and otherwise process Personal Information under the Agreement.Customer Directions.Customer shall not direct Branch to collect, retain, use, disclose, or otherwise process Personal Information in violation of the CCPA or other applicable laws. Responding to Requests. Customer understands and agrees that it is solely responsible for responding to requests to exercise individual rights and that Branch shall have no responsibility to respond directly to an individual on the Customer’s behalf, absent written instructions from the Customer. Where Branch receives a consumer request to access, correct, or delete Personal Information, it may inform the individual that the request cannot be acted upon because the request has been sent to a Service Provider. Remediation. Customer may take reasonable and appropriate steps to ensure Branch uses the Personal Information consistent with Customer’s obligations under the CCPA. Customer retains the right to take reasonable and appropriate steps to stop and remediate unauthorized processing of Personal Information, including any Personal Information not expressly authorized in this Addendum. Effective December 22, 2022 to January 1, 2023 Table of Contents California Privacy Addendum Top “CCPA” means the California Consumer Privacy Act at Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 - 1798.199, including its implementing regulations.“Personal Information” shall have the meaning set forth in the CCPA, limited to the information that Branch processes on behalf of Customer in its performance of its obligations under the Agreement.The terms “Business,” “Service Provider,” “Share,” and “Sell” shall have the meaning set forth in the CCPA. Top The Parties agree that you are a Business and Branch is a Service Provider.Branch shall process Personal Information as necessary for the performance of the Services, as well as related support and professional services as set forth in the Agreement, or where directed by other reasonable documented instructions provided by Customer (collectively, the “Business Purposes”). Top Customer Instructions. Customer directs Branch to collect, retain, use, disclose, and/or otherwise process Personal Information (i) to fulfill Branch’s obligations to perform the Business Purposes, (ii) to fulfill Branch’s obligations in this Addendum, (iii) internal use as permitted by the CCPA, (iv) to detect data security incidents or protect against fraudulent or illegal activity, and (v) as otherwise directed by Customer in writing.Use Limitations. Except as authorized by the CCPA, Branch shall: not Sell or Share Personal Information;not retain, use, or disclose Personal Information outside of the direct business relationship between Customer and Branch that would render it a “Third Party” under CCPA;not retain, use, or disclose Personal Information for any commercial purpose other than the Business Purposes;not attempt to re-identify any pseudonymized, anonymized, aggregate, or de-identified Personal Information without Customer’s express written permission; not attempt to link, identify, or otherwise create a relationship between Personal Information and other personal information or any other data without the express authorization of Customer;comply with any applicable restrictions under the CCPA on combining Personal Information with personal information that Branch receives from, or on behalf of, another person or persons, or that Branch collects from any interaction between it and any individual;provide the same level of protection for Personal Information as is required under the CCPA as to Customer; not otherwise engage in any processing of Personal Information that is prohibited or not permitted by Service Providers under the CCPA; andnotify Customer if Branch determines it can no longer meet its obligations under the CCPA.Permitted Uses. In addition to the purposes set forth above, Customer understands and agrees that Branch may collect, retain, use, disclose, and otherwise process Personal Information as follows:To collect, use, retain, share, or disclose Personal Information that has been (A) aggregated or (B) de-identified in accordance with the CCPA. To comply with applicable laws.To comply with a civil, criminal, or regulatory inquiry, investigation, subpoena, or summons by federal, state, or local authoritiesTo cooperate with law enforcement agencies concerning conduct or activity that Customer, Branch, or a third party reasonably and in good faith believes may violate federal, state, or local law.To exercise or defend legal claims.Access, Deletion, and Correction Requests. Upon written request of Customer, Branch shall assist Customer in complying with Customer’s obligations under the CCPA to respond to verifiable consumer requests to access, delete, or correct Personal Information. Branch shall have no obligation to re-identify or otherwise link information that is not maintained in a manner that would be considered Personal Information. Branch Certification.Branch certifies that it understands the restrictions and obligations set forth above. Top Compliance with Applicable Law. Customer shall comply with applicable laws, including without limitation, and to the extent required: (i) providing notice; (ii) obtaining consent; (iii) honoring access, deletion, opt-out, and opt-in rights and requests; and (iv) otherwise ensuring that it and Branch have any and all rights required in order for Branch to collect, retain, use, disclose, and otherwise process Personal Information under the Agreement.Customer Directions. Customer shall not direct Branch to collect, retain, use, disclose, or otherwise process Personal Information in violation of the CCPA or other applicable laws. Responding to Requests. Customer understands and agrees that it is solely responsible for responding to requests to exercise individual rights and that Branch shall have no responsibility to respond directly to an individual on the Customer’s behalf, absent written instructions from the Customer. Where Branch receives a consumer request to access, correct, or delete Personal Information, it may inform the individual that the request cannot be acted upon because the request has been sent to a Service Provider. Remediation. Customer may take reasonable and appropriate steps to ensure Branch uses the Personal Information consistent with Customer’s obligations under the CCPA. Customer retains the right to take reasonable and appropriate steps to stop and remediate unauthorized processing of Personal Information, including any Personal Information not expressly authorized in this Addendum. Effective October 11, 2022 to December 22, 2022 Table of Contents California Privacy Addendum Updated: September 9th, 2021 This California Privacy Addendum (“Addendum”) amends and is an integral part of Branch Metrics, Inc.’s Terms & Conditions (or instead, where there is a service agreement in place between you and Branch (“Service Agreement”), of that Service Agreement), which together with one or more Order Forms, addendums, or exhibits forms the “Agreement” between you (“Business,” “you,” or “your”) and Branch Metrics, Inc. d/b/a Branch Metrics (“Branch,” “Branch Metrics,” “we,” or “us”), each a “Party” and collectively the “Parties”. This Addendum shall prevail over any conflicting term of the Agreement with regard to the Personal Information of residents of the State of California. I. DEFINITIONS Top The following terms will have the meanings set forth below. Capitalized terms used in this Addendum that are not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Agreement. “CCPA” means the California Consumer Privacy Act at Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 - 1798.199.“Personal Information” shall have the meaning set forth in the CCPA, limited to the information that Branch processes on behalf of Business.The terms “Business” and “Sell” shall have the meaning set forth in the CCPA. II. PARTIES’ ROLES Top The Parties agree that you are a Business and Branch is a Service Provider, as those terms are defined in the CCPA. III. BRANCH’S OBLIGATIONS Top Business Instructions . Business directs Branch to collect, retain, use, disclose, and/or otherwise process Personal Information for (i) to fulfill Branch’s obligations to perform the Branch Services under the Agreement, (ii) to fulfill Branch’s obligations in this Addendum, (iii) internal use as permitted by the CCPA, (iv) to detect data security incidents or protect against fraudulent or illegal activity, and (v) as otherwise directed by Business in writing. Use Limitations . Branch shall not Sell Personal Information or otherwise retain, use, or disclose Personal Information for any commercial purpose other than for the specific purposes set forth herein. Permitted Uses . In addition to the purposes set forth above, Business understands and agrees that Branch may collect, retain, use, disclose, and otherwise process Personal Information as follows: To collect, use, retain, share, or disclose Personal Information that has been (A) aggregated or (B) de-identified in accordance with the CCPA. To comply with applicable laws. To comply with a civil, criminal, or regulatory inquiry, investigation, subpoena, or summons by federal, state, or local authorities To cooperate with law enforcement agencies concerning conduct or activity that Business, Branch, or a third party reasonably and in good faith believes may violate federal, state, or local law. To exercise or defend legal claims. Access and Deletion Requests . Upon written request of Business, Branch shall assist Business in complying with Business’ obligations under the CCPA to respond to verifiable consumer requests to access or delete Personal Information. Branch shall have no obligation to reidentify or otherwise link information that is not maintained in a manner that would be considered Personal Information. Branch Certification .Branch certifies that it understands the restrictions and obligations set forth above. IV. BUSINESS OBLIGATIONS Top Compliance with Applicable Law . Business shall comply with applicable laws, including without limitation, and to the extent required: (i) providing notice; (ii) obtaining consent; (iii) honoring access, deletion, opt-out, and opt-in rights and requests; and (iv) otherwise ensuring that it and Branch have any and all rights required in order for Branch to collect, retain, use, disclose, and otherwise process Personal Information under the Agreement. Business Directions . Business shall not direct Branch to collect, retain, use, disclose, or otherwise process Personal Information in violation of the CCPA or other applicable laws. Responding to Requests . Business understands and agrees that it is solely responsible for responding to requests to exercise individual rights and that Branch shall have no responsibility to respond directly to an individual on the Business’ behalf, absent written instructions from the Business. Where Branch receives a consumer request to access or delete Personal Information, it may inform the individual that the request cannot be acted upon because the request has been sent to a Service Provider. CCPA Resources Version Effective January 1, 2023 Table of Contents Branch, CCPA, and CPRA The role of Branch under the CCPA How Branch supports CCPA compliance for our customers How to make a request to Branch under the CCPA Other Resources Effective December 22, 2022 to January 1, 2023 Table of Contents Branch, CCPA, and CPRA The role of Branch under the CCPA How Branch supports CCPA compliance for our customers CCPA Addendum CCPA & CPRA - Updated Privacy Policy How to make a request to Branch under the CCPA Other Resources Effective December 12, 2022 to December 22, 2022 Table of Contents Branch and CCPA The role of Branch under CCPA How Branch supports CCPA compliance for our customers How to make a request to Branch under CCPA Other Resources Data Subject Rights - CCPA Version Effective April 7, 2023 Table of Contents California Consumer Privacy Act Top 1. Categories of personal information we collect, purposes of use, and to whom we disclose Top Identifiers, e.g., name, email address, Github IDDevice Information and Device Identifiers, e.g., IP address, browser type and device locale, operating system, mobile platform, device modelFinancial Information, e.g., credit or debit card number, verification number, and expiration dateCommercial Information, e.g., delivery information and information about your transactions and purchases with usConnection and Usage Data, e.g., web browsing activity on the Website General location, e.g., information inferred from IP addressesInferences, e.g. information on your employer inferred from an IP addressOther Information, e.g., any other information you provide to us through the WebsiteCommunicate with you, such as (1) to respond to your requests for information and provide you with customer service and technical support; (2) to send communications or content that you have requested; (3) to provide you with transactional updates and information about the Services (e.g., inform you about updates to our Services, information about your account); and/or (4) in accordance with applicable legal requirements, contact you by email, postal mail, phone, advertising or SMS regarding our business and products and services offered by other parties, surveys, promotions, special events and other subjects that we think may be of interest to you. Transact with you if you use our products or servicesProvide the Services, such as (1) to process and fulfill your transactions or requests; (2) to engage in analysis, research, and reports to better understand how you use the Services, so we can improve them; (3) to administer entries into promotions or surveys; and/or (4) to understand and resolve technical issues with our Services.Tell you about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partnersPersonalize your experience, such as (1) to customize the advertising and content on the Services based on your activities and interests; (2) to create and update audience segments that can be used for targeted advertising and marketing on the Services, services and platforms offered by other parties, and mobile apps; and/or (3) to create profiles about you, including adding and combining information we obtain from other parties, which may be used for analytics, marketing, and advertising.Improve our offerings.Secure our Services and fraud prevention, such as (1) to monitor, prevent, and detect fraud, such as through verifying your identity; (2) to combat spam or other malware or security risks; and/or (3) to monitor, enforce, and improve the security of our Services.Defending our legal rights and complying with the law, such as (1) to comply with any applicable procedures, laws, and regulations where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others; and/or (2) to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (e.g., to enforce compliance with our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy , or to protect our Services, Users, or others). How We Disclose Your Information Top Our Affiliates . We may disclose information we collect within our family of companies to deliver products and services to you, and enhance our products, services, and your customer experience. All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our affiliates Service Providers that perform services on our behalf : including billing and payment processing, sales, marketing, advertising, data analysis and insight, research, technical support and customer service, data storage, security, fraud prevention, and legal services. All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our vendors Other Individuals, Services, and Vendors at Your Request . We will disclose your information to other businesses and services at your request. For example, if you direct us to communicate information to one of your vendors. Contact and account registrationDemographic and statistical informationCommunications with event vendorsLocationOther Information Unaffiliated Partners for Marketing Purposes . We may disclose your information to partners whose offerings we think may interest you. For example, if you participate in co-sponsored promotions, then we may disclose information to our affiliates and other parties for their marketing and other purposes. Contact and account registrationDemographic and statistical information Unaffiliated Partners to Provide Co-Branded Products and Services . In some cases, we may disclose information to unaffiliated partners to provide co-branded products or services (e.g., co-sponsored promotions). Contact and account registrationDemographic and statistical informationLocation Other Parties for Legal Purposes . By using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that we may access, retain, and disclose the information we collect and maintain about you if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, retention or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of other parties; and/or (d) protect our rights, property or personal safety, or that of our agents and affiliates, our users and/or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for information security, fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes. All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary Other Parties in a Business Transaction . We may disclose information in connection with an actual or contemplated corporate transaction, including for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets. All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary Online Advertisers and Ad Networks . As discussed in the “Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website” Section of our Privacy Policy, the Services may rely on advertising technologies that allow for the delivery of relevant content and advertising on the Services, as well as on other websites you visit and other applications you use, and these technologies will collect certain information from your use of the Services to assist in delivering such ads. IdentifiersDevice information and device identifiersConnection and usage dataGeolocation 2. Sales and sharing of Website User personal information Top 3. California Rights and Choices Top Transparency. Where you have requested the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, we will direct you to the sections of our Privacy Policy relevant to your request. Access. Where you have requested specific pieces of personal information, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA. Deletion.Where you have requested that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, we will delete any information about you that is not necessary for the purposes indicated above. Upon completion, we will send you a notice confirming that we deleted the information we collected from you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. 4. Retention of Your Personal Information Top Effective January 4, 2023 to April 7, 2023 Table of Contents California Consumer Privacy Act Top 1. Categories of personal information we collect, purposes of use, and to whom we disclose Top Identifiers, e.g., name, email address, Github IDDevice Information and Device Identifiers, e.g., IP address, browser type and device locale, operating system, mobile platform, device modelFinancial Information, e.g., credit or debit card number, verification number, and expiration dateCommercial Information, e.g., delivery information and information about your transactions and purchases with usConnection and Usage Data, e.g., web browsing activity on the Website General location, e.g., information inferred from IP addressesInferences, e.g. information on your employer inferred from an IP addressOther Information, e.g., any other information you provide to us through the WebsiteCommunicate with you, such as (1) to respond to your requests for information and provide you with customer service and technical support; (2) to send communications or content that you have requested; (3) to provide you with transactional updates and information about the Services (e.g., inform you about updates to our Services, information about your account); and/or (4) in accordance with applicable legal requirements, contact you by email, postal mail, phone, advertising or SMS regarding our business and products and services offered by other parties, surveys, promotions, special events and other subjects that we think may be of interest to you. Transact with you if you use our products or servicesProvide the Services, such as (1) to process and fulfill your transactions or requests; (2) to engage in analysis, research, and reports to better understand how you use the Services, so we can improve them; (3) to administer entries into promotions or surveys; and/or (4) to understand and resolve technical issues with our Services.Tell you about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partnersPersonalize your experience, such as (1) to customize the advertising and content on the Services based on your activities and interests; (2) to create and update audience segments that can be used for targeted advertising and marketing on the Services, services and platforms offered by other parties, and mobile apps; and/or (3) to create profiles about you, including adding and combining information we obtain from other parties, which may be used for analytics, marketing, and advertising. Improve our offerings.Secure our Services and fraud prevention, such as (1) to monitor, prevent, and detect fraud, such as through verifying your identity; (2) to combat spam or other malware or security risks; and/or (3) to monitor, enforce, and improve the security of our Services.Defending our legal rights and complying with the law, such as (1) to comply with any applicable procedures, laws, and regulations where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others; and/or (2) to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (e.g., to enforce compliance with our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy , or to protect our Services, Users, or others). How We Disclose Your Information Top Our Affiliates . We may disclose information we collect within our family of companies to deliver products and services to you, and enhance our products, services, and your customer experience. All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our affiliates Service Providers that perform services on our behalf : including billing and payment processing, sales, marketing, advertising, data analysis and insight, research, technical support and customer service, data storage, security, fraud prevention, and legal services. All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our vendors Other Individuals, Services, and Vendors at Your Request . We will disclose your information to other businesses and services at your request. For example, if you direct us to communicate information to one of your vendors. Contact and account registrationDemographic and statistical informationCommunications with event vendorsLocationOther Information Unaffiliated Partners for Marketing Purposes . We may disclose your information to partners whose offerings we think may interest you.For example, if you participate in co-sponsored promotions, then we may disclose information to our affiliates and other parties for their marketing and other purposes. Contact and account registrationDemographic and statistical information Unaffiliated Partners to Provide Co-Branded Products and Services . In some cases, we may disclose information to unaffiliated partners to provide co-branded products or services (e.g., co-sponsored promotions). Contact and account registrationDemographic and statistical informationLocation Other Parties for Legal Purposes . By using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that we may access, retain, and disclose the information we collect and maintain about you if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, retention or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of other parties; and/or (d) protect our rights, property or personal safety, or that of our agents and affiliates, our users and/or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for information security, fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes. All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary Other Parties in a Business Transaction . We may disclose information in connection with an actual or contemplated corporate transaction, including for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets. All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary Online Advertisers and Ad Networks . As discussed in the “Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website” Section of our Privacy Policy, the Services may rely on advertising technologies that allow for the delivery of relevant content and advertising on the Services, as well as on other websites you visit and other applications you use, and these technologies will collect certain information from your use of the Services to assist in delivering such ads. IdentifiersDevice information and device identifiersConnection and usage dataGeolocation 2. Sales and sharing of Website User personal information Top 3. California Rights and Choices Top Transparency. Where you have requested the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, we will direct you to the sections of our Privacy Policy relevant to your request. Access. Where you have requested specific pieces of personal information, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA. Deletion. Where you have requested that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, we will delete any information about you that is not necessary for the purposes indicated above. Upon completion, we will send you a notice confirming that we deleted the information we collected from you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. 4. Retention of Your Personal Information Top Effective January 4, 2023 to January 4, 2023 Table of Contents California Consumer Privacy Act Top 1. Categories of personal information we collect, purposes of use, and to whom we disclose Top Identifiers, e.g., name, email address, Github IDDevice Information and Device Identifiers, e.g., IP address, browser type and device locale, operating system, mobile platform, device modelFinancial Information, e.g., credit or debit card number, verification number, and expiration dateCommercial Information, e.g., delivery information and information about your transactions and purchases with usConnection and Usage Data, e.g., web browsing activity on the Website General location, e.g., information inferred from IP addressesInferences, e.g. information on your employer inferred from an IP addressOther Information, e.g., any other information you provide to us through the WebsiteCommunicate with you, such as (1) to respond to your requests for information and provide you with customer service and technical support; (2) to send communications or content that you have requested; (3) to provide you with transactional updates and information about the Services (e.g., inform you about updates to our Services, information about your account); and/or (4) in accordance with applicable legal requirements, contact you by email, postal mail, phone, advertising or SMS regarding our business and products and services offered by other parties, surveys, promotions, special events and other subjects that we think may be of interest to you.Transact with you if you use our products or servicesProvide the Services, such as (1) to process and fulfill your transactions or requests; (2) to engage in analysis, research, and reports to better understand how you use the Services, so we can improve them; (3) to administer entries into promotions or surveys; and/or (4) to understand and resolve technical issues with our Services.Tell you about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partnersPersonalize your experience, such as (1) to customize the advertising and content on the Services based on your activities and interests; (2) to create and update audience segments that can be used for targeted advertising and marketing on the Services, services and platforms offered by other parties, and mobile apps; and/or (3) to create profiles about you, including adding and combining information we obtain from other parties, which may be used for analytics, marketing, and advertising. Improve our offerings.Secure our Services and fraud prevention, such as (1) to monitor, prevent, and detect fraud, such as through verifying your identity; (2) to combat spam or other malware or security risks; and/or (3) to monitor, enforce, and improve the security of our Services.Defending our legal rights and complying with the law, such as (1) to comply with any applicable procedures, laws, and regulations where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others; and/or (2) to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (e.g., to enforce compliance with our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy , or to protect our Services, Users, or others). How We Disclose Your Information Top Our Affiliates . We may disclose information we collect within our family of companies to deliver products and services to you, and enhance our products, services, and your customer experience. All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our affiliates Service Providers that perform services on our behalf : including billing and payment processing, sales, marketing, advertising, data analysis and insight, research, technical support and customer service, data storage, security, fraud prevention, and legal services. All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our vendors Other Individuals, Services, and Vendors at Your Request . We will disclose your information to other businesses and services at your request. For example, if you direct us to communicate information to one of your vendors. Contact and account registrationDemographic and statistical informationCommunications with event vendorsLocationOther Information Unaffiliated Partners for Marketing Purposes . We may disclose your information to partners whose offerings we think may interest you. For example, if you participate in co-sponsored promotions, then we may disclose information to our affiliates and other parties for their marketing and other purposes. Contact and account registrationDemographic and statistical information Unaffiliated Partners to Provide Co-Branded Products and Services . In some cases, we may disclose information to unaffiliated partners to provide co-branded products or services (e.g., co-sponsored promotions). Contact and account registrationDemographic and statistical informationLocation Other Parties for Legal Purposes . By using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that we may access, retain, and disclose the information we collect and maintain about you if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, retention or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of other parties; and/or (d) protect our rights, property or personal safety, or that of our agents and affiliates, our users and/or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for information security, fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes. All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary Other Parties in a Business Transaction . We may disclose information in connection with an actual or contemplated corporate transaction, including for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets. All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary Online Advertisers and Ad Networks .As discussed in the “Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website” Section of our Privacy Policy, the Services may rely on advertising technologies that allow for the delivery of relevant content and advertising on the Services, as well as on other websites you visit and other applications you use, and these technologies will collect certain information from your use of the Services to assist in delivering such ads. IdentifiersDevice information and device identifiersConnection and usage dataGeolocation 2. Sales and sharing of Website User personal information Top 3. California Rights and Choices Top Transparency. Where you have requested the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, we will direct you to the sections of our Privacy Policy relevant to your request. Access. Where you have requested specific pieces of personal information, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA. Deletion. Where you have requested that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, we will delete any information about you that is not necessary for the purposes indicated above. Upon completion, we will send you a notice confirming that we deleted the information we collected from you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. 4. Retention of Your Personal Information Top Effective January 4, 2023 to January 4, 2023 Table of Contents California Consumer Privacy Act Top 1. Categories of personal information we collect, purposes of use, and to whom we disclose Top Identifiers, e.g., name, email address, Github IDDevice Information and Device Identifiers, e.g., IP address, browser type and device locale, operating system, mobile platform, device modelFinancial Information, e.g., credit or debit card number, verification number, and expiration dateCommercial Information, e.g., delivery information and information about your transactions and purchases with usConnection and Usage Data, e.g., web browsing activity on the Website General location, e.g., information inferred from IP addressesInferences, e.g. information on your employer inferred from an IP addressOther Information, e.g., any other information you provide to us through the WebsiteCommunicate with you, such as (1) to respond to your requests for information and provide you with customer service and technical support; (2) to send communications or content that you have requested; (3) to provide you with transactional updates and information about the Services (e.g., inform you about updates to our Services, information about your account); and/or (4) in accordance with applicable legal requirements, contact you by email, postal mail, phone, advertising or SMS regarding our business and products and services offered by other parties, surveys, promotions, special events and other subjects that we think may be of interest to you. Transact with you if you use our products or servicesProvide the Services, such as (1) to process and fulfill your transactions or requests; (2) to engage in analysis, research, and reports to better understand how you use the Services, so we can improve them; (3) to administer entries into promotions or surveys; and/or (4) to understand and resolve technical issues with our Services.Tell you about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partnersPersonalize your experience, such as (1) to customize the advertising and content on the Services based on your activities and interests; (2) to create and update audience segments that can be used for targeted advertising and marketing on the Services, services and platforms offered by other parties, and mobile apps; and/or (3) to create profiles about you, including adding and combining information we obtain from other parties, which may be used for analytics, marketing, and advertising. Improve our offerings.Secure our Services and fraud prevention, such as (1) to monitor, prevent, and detect fraud, such as through verifying your identity; (2) to combat spam or other malware or security risks; and/or (3) to monitor, enforce, and improve the security of our Services.Defending our legal rights and complying with the law, such as (1) to comply with any applicable procedures, laws, and regulations where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others; and/or (2) to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (e.g., to enforce compliance with our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy , or to protect our Services, Users, or others). How We Disclose Your Information Top Our Affiliates . We may disclose information we collect within our family of companies to deliver products and services to you, and enhance our products, services, and your customer experience.All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our affiliates Service Providers that perform services on our behalf : including billing and payment processing, sales, marketing, advertising, data analysis and insight, research, technical support and customer service, data storage, security, fraud prevention, and legal services. All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our vendors Other Individuals, Services, and Vendors at Your Request . We will disclose your information to other businesses and services at your request. For example, if you direct us to communicate information to one of your vendors. Contact and account registrationDemographic and statistical informationCommunications with event vendorsLocationOther Information Unaffiliated Partners for Marketing Purposes . We may disclose your information to partners whose offerings we think may interest you. For example, if you participate in co-sponsored promotions, then we may disclose information to our affiliates and other parties for their marketing and other purposes. Contact and account registrationDemographic and statistical information Unaffiliated Partners to Provide Co-Branded Products and Services . In some cases, we may disclose information to unaffiliated partners to provide co-branded products or services (e.g., co-sponsored promotions). Contact and account registrationDemographic and statistical informationLocation Other Parties for Legal Purposes . By using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that we may access, retain, and disclose the information we collect and maintain about you if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, retention or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of other parties; and/or (d) protect our rights, property or personal safety, or that of our agents and affiliates, our users and/or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for information security, fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes. All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary Other Parties in a Business Transaction . We may disclose information in connection with an actual or contemplated corporate transaction, including for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets. All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary Online Advertisers and Ad Networks . As discussed in the “Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website” Section of our Privacy Policy, the Services may rely on advertising technologies that allow for the delivery of relevant content and advertising on the Services, as well as on other websites you visit and other applications you use, and these technologies will collect certain information from your use of the Services to assist in delivering such ads. IdentifiersDevice information and device identifiersConnection and usage dataGeolocation 2. Sales and sharing of Website User personal information Top 3. California Rights and Choices Top Transparency. Where you have requested the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, we will direct you to the sections of our Privacy Policy relevant to your request. Access. Where you have requested specific pieces of personal information, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA. Deletion. Where you have requested that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, we will delete any information about you that is not necessary for the purposes indicated above. Upon completion, we will send you a notice confirming that we deleted the information we collected from you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. 4. Retention of Your Personal Information Top Effective January 1, 2023 to January 4, 2023 Table of Contents California Consumer Privacy Act Top 1.Categories of personal information we collect, purposes of use, and to whom we disclose Top Identifiers, e.g., name, email address, Github IDDevice Information and Device Identifiers, e.g., IP address, browser type and device locale, operating system, mobile platform, device modelFinancial Information, e.g., credit or debit card number, verification number, and expiration dateCommercial Information, e.g., delivery information and information about your transactions and purchases with usConnection and Usage Data, e.g., web browsing activity on the Website General location, e.g., information inferred from IP addressesInferences, e.g. information on your employer inferred from an IP addressOther Information, e.g., any other information you provide to us through the WebsiteCommunicate with you, such as (1) to respond to your requests for information and provide you with customer service and technical support; (2) to send communications or content that you have requested; (3) to provide you with transactional updates and information about the Services (e.g., inform you about updates to our Services, information about your account); and/or (4) in accordance with applicable legal requirements, contact you by email, postal mail, phone, advertising or SMS regarding our business and products and services offered by other parties, surveys, promotions, special events and other subjects that we think may be of interest to you. Transact with you if you use our products or servicesProvide the Services, such as (1) to process and fulfill your transactions or requests; (2) to engage in analysis, research, and reports to better understand how you use the Services, so we can improve them; (3) to administer entries into promotions or surveys; and/or (4) to understand and resolve technical issues with our Services.Tell you about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partnersPersonalize your experience, such as (1) to customize the advertising and content on the Services based on your activities and interests; (2) to create and update audience segments that can be used for targeted advertising and marketing on the Services, services and platforms offered by other parties, and mobile apps; and/or (3) to create profiles about you, including adding and combining information we obtain from other parties, which may be used for analytics, marketing, and advertising. Improve our offerings.Secure our Services and fraud prevention, such as (1) to monitor, prevent, and detect fraud, such as through verifying your identity; (2) to combat spam or other malware or security risks; and/or (3) to monitor, enforce, and improve the security of our Services.Defending our legal rights and complying with the law, such as (1) to comply with any applicable procedures, laws, and regulations where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others; and/or (2) to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (e.g., to enforce compliance with our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy , or to protect our Services, Users, or others). How We Disclose Your Information Top Our Affiliates . We may disclose information we collect within our family of companies to deliver products and services to you, and enhance our products, services, and your customer experience. All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our affiliates Service Providers that perform services on our behalf : including billing and payment processing, sales, marketing, advertising, data analysis and insight, research, technical support and customer service, data storage, security, fraud prevention, and legal services. All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our vendors Other Individuals, Services, and Vendors at Your Request . We will disclose your information to other businesses and services at your request. For example, if you direct us to communicate information to one of your vendors. Contact and account registrationDemographic and statistical informationCommunications with event vendorsLocationOther Information Unaffiliated Partners for Marketing Purposes . We may disclose your information to partners whose offerings we think may interest you. For example, if you participate in co-sponsored promotions, then we may disclose information to our affiliates and other parties for their marketing and other purposes. Contact and account registrationDemographic and statistical information Unaffiliated Partners to Provide Co-Branded Products and Services . In some cases, we may disclose information to unaffiliated partners to provide co-branded products or services (e.g., co-sponsored promotions). Contact and account registrationDemographic and statistical informationLocation Other Parties for Legal Purposes .By using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that we may access, retain, and disclose the information we collect and maintain about you if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, retention or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of other parties; and/or (d) protect our rights, property or personal safety, or that of our agents and affiliates, our users and/or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for information security, fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes. All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary Other Parties in a Business Transaction . We may disclose information in connection with an actual or contemplated corporate transaction, including for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets. All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary Online Advertisers and Ad Networks . As discussed in the “Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website” Section of our Privacy Policy, the Services may rely on advertising technologies that allow for the delivery of relevant content and advertising on the Services, as well as on other websites you visit and other applications you use, and these technologies will collect certain information from your use of the Services to assist in delivering such ads. IdentifiersDevice information and device identifiersConnection and usage dataGeolocation 2. Sales and sharing of Website User personal information Top 3. California Rights and Choices Top Transparency. Where you have requested the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, we will direct you to the sections of our Privacy Policy relevant to your request. Access. Where you have requested specific pieces of personal information, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA. Deletion. Where you have requested that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, we will delete any information about you that is not necessary for the purposes indicated above. Upon completion, we will send you a notice confirming that we deleted the information we collected from you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. 4. Retention of Your Personal Information Top Effective December 29, 2022 to January 1, 2023 Table of Contents California Consumer Privacy Act Top The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ( “CCPA” ) provides certain rights to residents of California. If you are a California resident interacting with us through our provision of services to our Clients, your personal information is controlled by the applicable Client(s), and you should contact them to exercise your rights under the CCPA. This section applies to you if you are a resident of California about whom we collect personal information independent of the services we provide to Clients (“ California Consumer ”), such as if you provide us personal information on our Website. This section does not apply to personal information we collect from our employees and job applicants in their capacity as employees and job applicants. This notice supplements the information in our Privacy Policy. Certain terms used below have the meanings given to them in the CCPA. 1. Categories of personal information we collect, purposes of use, and to whom we disclose Top As described in our Privacy Policy, in the preceding twelve months, we may have collected the following categories of personal information about you for business or commercial purposes: Identifiers, e.g., name, email address, Github IDDevice Information and Device Identifiers, e.g., IP address, browser type and device locale, operating system, mobile platform, device modelFinancial Information, e.g., credit or debit card number, verification number, and expiration dateCommercial Information, e.g., delivery information and information about your transactions and purchases with usConnection and Usage Data, e.g., web browsing activity on the Website General location, e.g., information inferred from IP addresses Inferences, e.g.information on your employer inferred from an IP addressOther Information, e.g., any other information you provide to us through the Website We collect the categories of personal information identified above from the following sources: (1) directly from you; (2) through your use of the Website; (3) affiliates; and (4) other parties such as data brokers providing business information and social networking providers if you connect Branch to your use of those services. As described above in our Privacy Policy, we collect the categories of personal information identified above for the following business and commercial purposes: Communicate with you, such as (1) to respond to your requests for information and provide you with customer service and technical support; (2) to send communications or content that you have requested; (3) to provide you with transactional updates and information about the Services (e.g., inform you about updates to our Services, information about your account); and/or (4) in accordance with applicable legal requirements, contact you by email, postal mail, phone, advertising or SMS regarding our business and products and services offered by other parties, surveys, promotions, special events and other subjects that we think may be of interest to you. Transact with you if you use our products or services.Provide the Services, such as (1) to process and fulfill your transactions or requests; (2) to engage in analysis, research, and reports to better understand how you use the Services, so we can improve them; (3) to administer entries into promotions or surveys; and/or (4) to understand and resolve technical issues with our Services.Tell you about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners. Personalize your experience, such as (1) to customize the advertising and content on the Services based on your activities and interests; (2) to create and update audience segments that can be used for targeted advertising and marketing on the Services, services and platforms offered by other parties, and mobile apps; and/or (3) to create profiles about you, including adding and combining information we obtain from other parties, which may be used for analytics, marketing, and advertising. Improve our offerings.Secure our Services and fraud prevention, such as (1) to monitor, prevent, and detect fraud, such as through verifying your identity; (2) to combat spam or other malware or security risks; and/or (3) to monitor, enforce, and improve the security of our Services.Defending our legal rights and complying with the law, such as (1) to comply with any applicable procedures, laws, and regulations where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others; and/or (2) to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (e.g., to enforce compliance with our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy, or to protect our Services, Users, or others). Additional information concerning the business and commercial purposes is set forth in the “ How Does Branch Use the Information Collected through its Website? ” section of our Privacy Policy. We may disclose the categories of personal information identified in this California Privacy Notice about our California Consumers for our operational purposes where the use of such personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the operational purpose for which the personal information was collected or processed or for another operational purpose that is compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected. How We Disclose Your Information We disclose the information collected from and about you as discussed above for various business purposes. The chart below explains the categories of information that we may disclose to other parties and the categories of those parties. Other Parties to whom we disclose information and why Categories of information disclosed Our Affiliates . We may disclose information we collect within our family of companies to deliver products and services to you, and enhance our products, services, and your customer experience. All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our affiliates Vendors that perform services on our behalf : including billing and payment processing, sales, marketing, advertising, data analysis and insight, research, technical support and customer service, data storage, security, fraud prevention, and legal services. All categories of information we collect may be disclosed to our vendors Other Individuals, Services, and Vendors at Your Request . We will disclose your information to other businesses and services at your request. For example, if you direct us to communicate information to one of your vendors.· Contact and account registration · Demographic and statistical information · Communications with event vendors · Location · Other Information Unaffiliated Partners for Marketing Purposes . We may disclose your information to partners whose offerings we think may interest you. For example, if you participate in co-sponsored promotions, then we may disclose information to our affiliates and other parties for their marketing and other purposes. · Contact and account registration · Demographic and statistical information Unaffiliated Partners to Provide Co-Branded Products and Services . In some cases, we may disclose information to unaffiliated partners to provide co-branded products or services (e.g., co-sponsored promotions). · Contact and account registration · Demographic and statistical information · Location Other Parties for Legal Purposes . By using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that we may access, retain, and disclose the information we collect and maintain about you if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, retention or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of other parties; and/or (d) protect our rights, property or personal safety, or that of our agents and affiliates, our users and/or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for information security, fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes. All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary Other Parties in a Business Transaction . We may disclose information in connection with an actual or contemplated corporate transaction, including for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets. All categories of information we collect may be disclosed as necessary Online Advertisers and Ad Networks . As discussed in the “Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website” Section of our Privacy Policy, the Services may rely on advertising technologies that allow for the delivery of relevant content and advertising on the Services, as well as on other websites you visit and other applications you use, and these technologies will collect certain information from your use of the Services to assist in delivering such ads. · Identifiers · Device information and device identifiers · Connection and usage data Geolocation The CCPA allows you to limit the use or disclosure of your “sensitive personal information” (as defined in the CCPA) if your sensitive personal information is used for certain purposes. Your account log-in and password or other credentials allowing access to your account constitutes “sensitive personal information” under the CCPA. Please note that we do not use or disclose sensitive personal information other than for purposes for which you cannot opt-out under the CCPA. 2. Sales and sharing of Website User personal information Top We may disclose Website Users’ personal information to third parties for purposes of Website analytics and advertising the Website and Services. We provide Website User information to analytics providers to better understand how Website Users use the Website so we can improve the Website and create new products and services. We may also provide Website Users’ personal information to third-party advertising providers for targeted advertising purposes, so we can provide Website Users with more relevant and tailored ads regarding our Website and Services. Under the CCPA, disclosing Website User personal information to these third parties may be considered a “sale” of personal information or the “sharing” of personal information for purposes of “cross-context behavioral advertising.” In the last 12 months, we have sold or shared the following categories of Website User personal information to advertisers and ad networks: identifiers, device information and device identifiers, connection and usage data, and general location data. To opt out of such “sales” or “sharing” of your personal information, please visit this link: Do Not Sell My Information . Please note that we also respond to and abide by opt-out preference signals sent through the Global Privacy Control. Any opt out preferences you have exercised through these methods will only apply to the specific device/browser on which you made them. For more information on how to use the Global Privacy Control, see We do not knowingly “sell” or “share” the personal information of children under 16. 3.California Rights and Choices Top Without being discriminated against for exercising these rights, California residents have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect about you, correction of such personal information, and to delete that information, subject to certain restrictions. You also have the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. This section describes how to exercise those rights and our process for handling those requests. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request. Right to request access to your personal information California residents have the right to request that we disclose the categories of personal information we have collected or disclosed about you, the categories of sources of such information, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, “selling,” or “sharing” your personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we disclose or “sell,” or with whom we “share,” personal information, and the categories of personal information we “sell”. You may also request the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected from you. However, we may withhold some personal information as permitted under applicable law. For example, to protect your security, we may withhold your account password from the information provided in response to a request for the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you. Right to correct inaccurate personal information You may request that we correct inaccurate personal information about you. We may deny your request as permitted by the CCPA. For example, we may not correct personal information stored in backups or archives except where required by the CCPA. Right to request deletion of your personal information You may also request that we delete any personal information that we collected from you. However, we may retain personal information necessary to (a) protect our business, systems, and users from fraudulent activity, (b) to address technical issues that impair existing functionality, (c) necessary for us, or others, to exercise their free speech or other rights, (d) comply with law enforcement requests pursuant to lawful process, (e) for our own internal purposes reasonably related to your relationship with us, or to comply with legal obligations. Additionally, we need certain types of information so that we can provide our Services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our Services. How to exercise your access and deletion rights Subject to restrictions under applicable law, California residents may exercise their California privacy rights by submitting your request to us, or by contacting us at , or at (650) 209-6461. For security purposes, when you request to exercise your California privacy rights we will verify your identity. Once we have verified your identity (and your agent, as applicable) , we will respond to your request as appropriate: Transparency. Where you have requested the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, we will direct you to the sections of our Privacy Policy relevant to your request. Access. Where you have requested specific pieces of personal information, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA. Deletion. Where you have requested that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, we will delete any information about you that is not necessary for the purposes indicated above. Upon completion, we will send you a notice confirming that we deleted the information we collected from you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. If we are unable to complete your requests fully for any of the reasons above, we will provide you additional information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request. Right to nondiscrimination We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights. Other rights You may have the right to receive information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any. You also have the right to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of your personal information as described above. Authorized Agents You may also designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights under CCPA as described above. We will take steps both to verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf (e.g. through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a power of attorney).Submitting CCPA Requests For our Website: If you are a California Consumer, please submit a CCPA request here , or contact us at privacy@branch.io or at (650) 209-6461. To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request. Requests from Our Client’s Users: Because Branch is a vendor that processes data on behalf of its Clients, any requests from Users who are California residents seeking to exercise their rights of access and deletion under the CCPA must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests here 4. Retention of Your Personal Information Top Please see the Our Data Retention Policy section provided in Branch’s Privacy Policy. Effective October 11, 2022 to December 29, 2022 Table of Contents California Consumer Privacy Act Top The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ( “CCPA” ) provides certain rights to residents of California. If you are a California resident interacting with us through our provision of services to our Clients, your personal information is controlled by the applicable Client(s), and you should contact them to exercise your rights under the CCPA. This section applies to you if you are a resident of California about whom we collect personal information independent of the services we provide to Clients (“ California Consumer ”), such as if you provide us personal information on our Website.This section does not apply to personal information we collect from our employees and job applicants in their capacity as employees and job applicants, or personal information we collect from employees, owners, directors, officers, or contractors of businesses in the course of our provision or receipt of business-related services. This notice supplements the information in our Privacy Policy . Certain terms used below have the meanings given to them in the CCPA. As described in our Privacy Policy, in the preceding twelve months, we may have collected the following categories of personal information about you for business or commercial purposes: Identifiers, e.g., name, email address, Github IDDevice Information and Device Identifiers, e.g., IP address, browser type and device locale, operating system, mobile platform, device modelFinancial Information, e.g., credit or debit card number, verification number, and expiration dateCommercial Information, e.g., delivery information and information about your transactions and purchases with usConnection and Usage Data, e.g., web browsing activity on the Website Geolocation, e.g., information inferred from IP addresses Inferences, e.g. information on your employer inferred from an IP addressOther Information, e.g., any other information you provide to us through the Website We collect the categories of personal information identified above from the following sources: (1) directly from you; (2) through your use of the Website; and (3) third parties such as from social networking providers if you connect Branch to your use of those services. As described above in our Privacy Policy, we collect the categories of personal information identified above for the following business and commercial purposes: Communicate with you, such as (1) to respond to your requests for information and provide you with customer service and technical support; (2) to send communications or content that you have requested; (3) to provide you with transactional updates and information about the Services (e.g., inform you about updates to our Services, information about your account); and/or (4) in accordance with applicable legal requirements, contact you by email, postal mail, phone, advertising or SMS regarding Business and third-party products, services, surveys, promotions, special events and other subjects that we think may be of interest to you. Transact with you if you use our products or services.Provide the Services, such as (1) to process and fulfill your transactions or requests; (2) to engage in analysis, research, and reports to better understand how you use the Services, so we can improve them; (3) to administer entries into promotions or surveys; and/or (4) to understand and resolve technical issues with our Services.Tell you about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners.Personalize your experience, such as (1) to customize the advertising and content on the Services based on your activities and interests; (2) to create and update audience segments that can be used for targeted advertising and marketing on the Services, third party services and platforms, and mobile apps; and/or (3) to create profiles about you, including adding and combining information we obtain from third parties, which may be used for analytics, marketing, and advertising.Improve our offerings. Secure our Services and fraud prevention, such as (1) to monitor, prevent, and detect fraud, such as through verifying your identity; (2) to combat spam or other malware or security risks; and/or (3) to monitor, enforce, and improve the security of our Services.Defending our legal rights and complying with the law, such as (1) to comply with any applicable procedures, laws, and regulations where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others; and/or (2) to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (e.g., to enforce compliance with our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy , or to protect our Services, Users, or others). Additional information concerning the business and commercial purposes is set forth in the “ How Does Branch Use the Information Collected through its Website? ” section of our Privacy Policy . We may disclose the categories of personal information identified in this California Privacy Notice about our California Consumers for our operational purposes where the use of such personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the operational purpose for which the personal information was collected or processed or for another operational purpose that is compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected. How We Share and Disclose Your Information Top We share the information collected from and about you as discussed above for various business purposes. The chart below explains the categories of information that we may share with other parties and the categories of those parties. Other Parties with which we share information and why Categories of information shared Our Affiliates . We may share information we collect within our family of companies to deliver products and services to you, and enhance our products, services, and your customer experience. All categories of information we collect may be shared with our affiliates Service Providers that perform services on our behalf : including billing and payment processing, sales, marketing, advertising, data analysis and insight, research, technical support and customer service, data storage, security, fraud prevention, and legal services. All categories of information we collect may be shared with our service providers Other Individuals, Services, and Vendors at Your Request . We will share your information with other businesses and services at your request. For example, if you direct us to communicate information to one of your vendors. Contact and account registrationDemographic and statistical informationCommunications with event vendorsGeolocationOther Information Third Party Partners for Marketing Purposes . We may share your information with partners whose offerings we think may interest you. For example, if you participate in co-sponsored promotions, then we may share information with our affiliates and other third parties for their marketing and other purposes. Contact and account registrationDemographic and statistical information Third Party Partners to Provide Co-Branded Products and Services . In some cases, we may share information with third-party partners to provide co-branded products or services (e.g., co-sponsored promotions). Contact and account registrationDemographic and statistical informationGeolocation Other Parties for Legal Purposes . By using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that we may access, retain, and disclose the information we collect and maintain about you if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, retention or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; and/or (d) protect our rights, property or personal safety, or that of our agents and affiliates, our users and/or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for information security, fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes. All categories of information we collect may be shared as necessary Other Parties in a Business Transaction .We may disclose information in connection with an actual or contemplated corporate transaction, including for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets. All categories of information we collect may be shared as necessary Third-Party Online Advertisers and Ad Networks . As discussed in the “Third Party Tools / Analytics on the Website” Section of our Privacy Policy, the Services may rely on third-party advertising technologies that allow for the delivery of relevant content and advertising on the Services, as well as on other websites you visit and other applications you use, and these technologies will collect certain information from your use of the Services to assist in delivering such ads. IdentifiersDevice information and device identifiersConnection and usage dataGeolocation The CCPA sets forth certain obligations for businesses that “sell” personal information. Based on the definition of “sell” under the CCPA and under current regulatory guidance, we do not believe we engage in such activity and have not engaged in such activity in the past twelve months. Instead, we limit our sharing of information as set forth in the How does Branch Share Information? section of this Privacy Policy, and to allow third parties to collect certain information about your activity for limited purposes, for example through cookies, as explained in the Third-Party Tools / Analytics on the Website section of our Privacy Policy California Rights and Choices Top Without being discriminated against for exercising these rights, California residents have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect about you and to delete that information, subject to certain restrictions. You also have the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. This section describes how to exercise those rights and our process for handling those requests. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request. Right to request access to your personal information California residents have the right to request that we disclose what categories of your personal information that we collect, use, or sell. You may also request the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected from you. However, we may withhold some personal information as permitted under applicable law. For example, to protect your security, we may withhold your account password from the information provided in response to a request for the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you. Right to request deletion of your personal information You may also request that we delete any personal information that we collected from you. However, we may retain personal information necessary to (a) protect our business, systems, and users from fraudulent activity, (b) to address technical issues that impair existing functionality, (c) necessary for us, or others, to exercise their free speech or other rights, (d) comply with law enforcement requests pursuant to lawful process, (e) for our own internal purposes reasonably related to your relationship with us, or to comply with legal obligations. Additionally, we need certain types of information so that we can provide our Services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our Services. How to exercise your access and deletion rights Subject to restrictions under applicable law, California residents may exercise their California privacy rights by submitting your request to us, or by contacting us at privacy@branch.io. For security purposes, when you request to exercise your California privacy rights we will verify your identity. Once we have verified your identity (and your agent, as applicable) , we will respond to your request as appropriate: Transparency. Where you have requested the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, we will direct you to the sections of our Privacy Policy relevant to your request. Access. Where you have requested specific pieces of personal information, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA. Deletion. Where you have requested that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, we will delete any information about you that is not necessary for the purposes indicated above. Upon completion, we will send you a notice confirming that we deleted the information we collected from you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. If we are unable to complete your requests fully for any of the reasons above, we will provide you additional information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request.Right to nondiscrimination We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights. Authorized Agents You may also designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights under CCPA as described above. We will take steps both to verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf (e.g. through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a power of attorney). Submitting CCPA Requests For our Website: If you are a California Consumer, please ubmit a CCPA request here , or contact us at privacy@branch.io . To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request. Requests from Our Client’s Users: Because Branch is a service provider that processes data on behalf of its Clients, any requests from Users who are California residents seeking to exercise their rights of access and deletion under the CCPA must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests here Effective June 1, 2022 to October 11, 2022 Table of Contents California Consumer Privacy Act The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ( “CCPA” ) provides certain rights to residents of California. If you are a California resident interacting with us through our provision of services to our Clients, your personal information is controlled by the applicable Client(s), and you should contact them to exercise your rights under the CCPA. This section applies to you if you are a resident of California about whom we collect personal information independent of the services we provide to Clients (“ California Consumer ”), such as if you provide us personal information on our Website.This section does not apply to personal information we collect from our employees and job applicants in their capacity as employees and job applicants, or personal information we collect from employees, owners, directors, officers, or contractors of businesses in the course of our provision or receipt of business-related services. This notice supplements the information in our Privacy Policy . Certain terms used below have the meanings given to them in the CCPA. As described in our Privacy Policy, in the preceding twelve months, we may have collected the following categories of personal information about you for business or commercial purposes: Identifiers, e.g., name, email address, Github IDDevice Information and Device Identifiers, e.g., IP address, browser type and device locale, operating system, mobile platform, device modelFinancial Information, e.g., credit or debit card number, verification number, and expiration dateCommercial Information, e.g., delivery information and information about your transactions and purchases with usConnection and Usage Data, e.g., web browsing activity on the Website Geolocation, e.g., information inferred from IP addresses Inferences, e.g. information on your employer inferred from an IP addressOther Information, e.g., any other information you provide to us through the Website We collect the categories of personal information identified above from the following sources: (1) directly from you; (2) through your use of the Website; and (3) third parties such as from social networking providers if you connect Branch to your use of those services. As described above in our Privacy Policy, we collect the categories of personal information identified above for the following business and commercial purposes: Communicate with you, such as (1) to respond to your requests for information and provide you with customer service and technical support; (2) to send communications or content that you have requested; (3) to provide you with transactional updates and information about the Services (e.g., inform you about updates to our Services, information about your account); and/or (4) in accordance with applicable legal requirements, contact you by email, postal mail, phone, advertising or SMS regarding Business and third-party products, services, surveys, promotions, special events and other subjects that we think may be of interest to you. Transact with you if you use our products or services.Provide the Services, such as (1) to process and fulfill your transactions or requests; (2) to engage in analysis, research, and reports to better understand how you use the Services, so we can improve them; (3) to administer entries into promotions or surveys; and/or (4) to understand and resolve technical issues with our Services.Tell you about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners.Personalize your experience, such as (1) to customize the advertising and content on the Services based on your activities and interests; (2) to create and update audience segments that can be used for targeted advertising and marketing on the Services, third party services and platforms, and mobile apps; and/or (3) to create profiles about you, including adding and combining information we obtain from third parties, which may be used for analytics, marketing, and advertising.Improve our offerings. Secure our Services and fraud prevention, such as (1) to monitor, prevent, and detect fraud, such as through verifying your identity; (2) to combat spam or other malware or security risks; and/or (3) to monitor, enforce, and improve the security of our Services.Defending our legal rights and complying with the law, such as (1) to comply with any applicable procedures, laws, and regulations where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others; and/or (2) to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights where it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others (e.g., to enforce compliance with our Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy , or to protect our Services, Users, or others). Additional information concerning the business and commercial purposes is set forth in the “ How Does Branch Use the Information Collected through its Website? ” section of our Privacy Policy . We may disclose the categories of personal information identified in this California Privacy Notice about our California Consumers for our operational purposes where the use of such personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the operational purpose for which the personal information was collected or processed or for another operational purpose that is compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected. How We Share and Disclose Your Information We share the information collected from and about you as discussed above for various business purposes. The chart below explains the categories of information that we may share with other parties and the categories of those parties. Our Affiliates . We may share information we collect within our family of companies to deliver products and services to you, and enhance our products, services, and your customer experience. All categories of information we collect may be shared with our affiliates Service Providers that perform services on our behalf : including billing and payment processing, sales, marketing, advertising, data analysis and insight, research, technical support and customer service, data storage, security, fraud prevention, and legal services. All categories of information we collect may be shared with our service providers Other Individuals, Services, and Vendors at Your Request . We will share your information with other businesses and services at your request. For example, if you direct us to communicate information to one of your vendors. Contact and account registrationDemographic and statistical informationCommunications with event vendorsGeolocationOther Information Third Party Partners for Marketing Purposes . We may share your information with partners whose offerings we think may interest you. For example, if you participate in co-sponsored promotions, then we may share information with our affiliates and other third parties for their marketing and other purposes. Contact and account registrationDemographic and statistical information Third Party Partners to Provide Co-Branded Products and Services . In some cases, we may share information with third-party partners to provide co-branded products or services (e.g., co-sponsored promotions). Contact and account registrationDemographic and statistical informationGeolocation Other Parties for Legal Purposes . By using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that we may access, retain, and disclose the information we collect and maintain about you if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, retention or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; and/or (d) protect our rights, property or personal safety, or that of our agents and affiliates, our users and/or the public. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for information security, fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes. All categories of information we collect may be shared as necessary Other Parties in a Business Transaction .We may disclose information in connection with an actual or contemplated corporate transaction, including for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets. All categories of information we collect may be shared as necessary Third-Party Online Advertisers and Ad Networks . As discussed in the “Third Party Tools / Analytics on the Website” Section of our Privacy Policy, the Services may rely on third-party advertising technologies that allow for the delivery of relevant content and advertising on the Services, as well as on other websites you visit and other applications you use, and these technologies will collect certain information from your use of the Services to assist in delivering such ads. IdentifiersDevice information and device identifiersConnection and usage dataGeolocation The CCPA sets forth certain obligations for businesses that “sell” personal information. Based on the definition of “sell” under the CCPA and under current regulatory guidance, we do not believe we engage in such activity and have not engaged in such activity in the past twelve months. Instead, we limit our sharing of information as set forth in the “How does Branch Share Information?” section of this Privacy Policy, and to allow third parties to collect certain information about your activity for limited purposes, for example through cookies, as explained in the “Third-Party Tools / Analytics on the Website” section of our Privacy Policy California Rights and Choices Without being discriminated against for exercising these rights, California residents have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect about you and to delete that information, subject to certain restrictions. You also have the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. This section describes how to exercise those rights and our process for handling those requests. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request. Right to request access to your personal information California residents have the right to request that we disclose what categories of your personal information that we collect, use, or sell. You may also request the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected from you. However, we may withhold some personal information as permitted under applicable law. For example, to protect your security, we may withhold your account password from the information provided in response to a request for the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about you. Right to request deletion of your personal information You may also request that we delete any personal information that we collected from you. However, we may retain personal information necessary to (a) protect our business, systems, and users from fraudulent activity, (b) to address technical issues that impair existing functionality, (c) necessary for us, or others, to exercise their free speech or other rights, (d) comply with law enforcement requests pursuant to lawful process, (e) for our own internal purposes reasonably related to your relationship with us, or to comply with legal obligations. Additionally, we need certain types of information so that we can provide our Services to you. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our Services. How to exercise your access and deletion rights Subject to restrictions under applicable law, California residents may exercise their California privacy rights by to us, or by contacting us at privacy@branch.io. For security purposes, when you request to exercise your California privacy rights we will verify your identity. Once we have verified your identity (and your agent, as applicable) , we will respond to your request as appropriate: Transparency. Where you have requested the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, we will direct you to the sections of our Privacy Policy relevant to your request. Access. Where you have requested specific pieces of personal information, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA. Deletion. Where you have requested that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, we will delete any information about you that is not necessary for the purposes indicated above. Upon completion, we will send you a notice confirming that we deleted the information we collected from you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. If we are unable to complete your requests fully for any of the reasons above, we will provide you additional information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request.We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights. Authorized Agents You may also designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights under CCPA as described above. We will take steps both to verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf (e.g. through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a power of attorney). Submitting CCPA Requests For our Website: If you are a California Consumer, please submit a CCPA request here , or contact us at privacy@branch.io . To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with your request. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request. Requests from Our Client’s Users: Because Branch is a service provider that processes data on behalf of its Clients, any requests from Users who are California residents seeking to exercise their rights of access and deletion under the CCPA must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests here Data Subject Rights - EU Version Effective April 7, 2023 Table of Contents Rights For Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom Top Contractual Commitments: We may use, share, or disclose information to honor our contractual commitments to you. For example, we will process your Personal Data to comply with our agreements with you, and to honor our commitments in any contracts that we have with you.With Your Consent: Where required by law, and in some other cases, we use, share, or disclose information on the basis of your consent.Legitimate Interests: In many cases, we use, share, or disclose information on the ground that it furthers our legitimate business interests in ways that are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the affected individuals, such as customer service, certain promotional activities, analyzing and improving our business, providing security for the Services, preventing fraud, and managing legal issues. Legal Compliance: We need to use, share, and disclose information in certain ways to comply with our legal obligations. Effective January 1, 2023 to April 7, 2023 Table of Contents Rights For Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom Top Contractual Commitments: We may use, share, or disclose information to honor our contractual commitments to you. For example, we will process your Personal Data to comply with our agreements with you, and to honor our commitments in any contracts that we have with you.With Your Consent: Where required by law, and in some other cases, we use, share, or disclose information on the basis of your consent.Legitimate Interests: In many cases, we use, share, or disclose information on the ground that it furthers our legitimate business interests in ways that are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the affected individuals, such as customer service, certain promotional activities, analyzing and improving our business, providing security for the Services, preventing fraud, and managing legal issues. Legal Compliance: We need to use, share, and disclose information in certain ways to comply with our legal obligations. Effective December 29, 2022 to January 1, 2023 Table of Contents Rights For Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom Services: Because Branch is a vendor (acting as a data processor) that processes data on behalf of its Clients (acting as data controllers), any requests relating to European and United Kingdom Users’ exercise of their Personal Data rights under the European General Data Protection Regulation, or equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation, must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests here Moreover, Branch supports functionality to allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data privacy rights. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User has requested that their data not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User. Website and Business Contacts: Under applicable law, Branch is the data controller of Personal Data we collect from the Website and from offline sources and vendors for marketing purposes. The laws of some jurisdictions such as the laws of the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom require data controllers to tell you about the legal ground that they rely on for using, sharing, or disclosing of your information.To the extent those laws apply, our legal grounds are as follows: Contractual Commitments: We may use, share, or disclose information to honor our contractual commitments to you. For example, we will process your Personal Data to comply with our agreements with you, and to honor our commitments in any contracts that we have with you.With Your Consent: Where required by law, and in some other cases, we use, share, or disclose information on the basis of your consent.Legitimate Interests: In many cases, we use, share, or disclose information on the ground that it furthers our legitimate business interests in ways that are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the affected individuals, such as customer service, certain promotional activities, analyzing and improving our business, providing security for the Services, preventing fraud, and managing legal issues. Legal Compliance: We need to use, share, and disclose information in certain ways to comply with our legal obligations. Website Users and others who are residents of the European Economic Area or United Kingdom may (1) seek confirmation regarding whether Branch is processing Personal Data about you, (2) request access to such data, (3) ask that we correct, amend, or delete it where it is inaccurate, (4) ask us to restrict how we process and disclose certain of your Personal Data, (5) transfer your Personal Data to another party, or (6) revoke consent for the processing of your Personal Data (if your consent is the legal basis we rely on to process your Personal Data). You can submit such requests at https://privacy.branch.io/hc/en-us/requests/new , which will be processed in line with applicable law. Although we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your Personal Data, there may be circumstances in which we are unable to provide access, including but not limited to: where the information contains legal privilege, would compromise others’ privacy or other legitimate rights, where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy in the case in question, or where it is commercially proprietary. To protect your privacy, we will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Data. Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom have the right to file a complaint regarding their Personal Data directly with the appropriate data protection authority. For information on who those parties are and how they can be reached please go to http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm for EU residents and https://ico.org.uk/ for residents of the United Kingdom. Effective October 11, 2022 to December 29, 2022 Table of Contents Rights For Residents of the European Economic Area and United K ingdom Top Services: Because Branch is a service provider (acting as a data processor) that processes data on behalf of its Clients (acting as data controllers), any requests relating to European and United Kingdom Users’ exercise of their Personal Data rights under the European General Data Protection Regulation, or equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation, must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests here Moreover, Branch supports functionality to allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data privacy rights. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User has requested that their data not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User. Website and Business Contacts: Under applicable law, Branch is the data controller of Personal Data we collect from the Website and from offline sources and service providers for marketing purposes. Website Users and others who are residents of the European Economic Area or United Kingdom may (1) seek confirmation regarding whether Branch is processing Personal Data about you, (2) request access to such data, (3) ask that we correct, amend, or delete it where it is inaccurate, (4) ask us to restrict how we process and disclose certain of your Personal Data, (5) transfer your Personal Data to a third party, or (6) revoke consent for the processing of your Personal Data (if your consent is the legal basis we rely on to process your Personal Data). You can submit such requests at https://privacy.branch.io/hc/en-us/requests/new , which will be processed in line with applicable law.Although we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your Personal Data, there may be circumstances in which we are unable to provide access, including but not limited to: where the information contains legal privilege, would compromise others’ privacy or other legitimate rights, where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy in the case in question, or where it is commercially proprietary. To protect your privacy, we will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Data. Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom have the right to file a complaint regarding their Personal Data directly with the appropriate data protection authority. For information on who those parties are and how they can be reached please go to http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm for EU residents and https://ico.org.uk/ for residents of the United Kingdom. Effective June 1, 2022 to October 11, 2022 Table of Contents Rights For Residents of the European Economic Area and United K ingdom Services: Because Branch is a service provider (acting as a data processor) that processes data on behalf of its Clients (acting as data controllers), any requests relating to European and United Kingdom Users’ exercise of their Personal Data rights under the European General Data Protection Regulation, or equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation, must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests here . Moreover, Branch supports functionality to allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data privacy rights. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User has requested that their data not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User. Website and Business Contacts: Under applicable law, Branch is the data controller of Personal Data we collect from the Website and from offline sources and service providers for marketing purposes. Website Users and others who are residents of the European Economic Area or United Kingdom may (1) seek confirmation regarding whether Branch is processing Personal Data about you, (2) request access to such data, (3) ask that we correct, amend, or delete it where it is inaccurate, (4) ask us to restrict how we process and disclose certain of your Personal Data, (5) transfer your Personal Data to a third party, or (6) revoke consent for the processing of your Personal Data (if your consent is the legal basis we rely on to process your Personal Data). You can submit such requests at https://privacy.branch.io/hc/en-us/requests/new , which will be processed in line with applicable law. Although we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your Personal Data, there may be circumstances in which we are unable to provide access, including but not limited to: where the information contains legal privilege, would compromise others’ privacy or other legitimate rights, where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy in the case in question, or where it is commercially proprietary. To protect your privacy, we will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Data. Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom have the right to file a complaint regarding their Personal Data directly with the appropriate data protection authority. For information on who those parties are and how they can be reached please go to http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm for EU residents and https://ico.org.uk/ for residents of the United Kingdom. Data Subject Rights - LGPD Version Effective April 7, 2023 Table of Contents Data Subject Rights under Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) Top Effective January 1, 2023 to April 7, 2023 Table of Contents Data Subject Rights under Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) Top Effective December 29, 2022 to January 1, 2023 Table of Contents Data Subject Rights under Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) This supplemental privacy notice applies to personal data processing activities in accordance with Brazilian data protection law. This notice supplements the information in our Privacy Policy. Certain terms used below have the meanings given to them in Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados ( “LGPD” ). If you have any questions about this supplemental privacy notice, you can contact our Data Protection Officer, Cathleen Hartge, at privacy@branch.io.Services: Because Branch is a vendor that processes data on behalf of its Clients, any requests relating to Brazilian Users’ exercise of their rights under LGPD must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests here Moreover, Branch supports functionality to allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data privacy rights. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User has requested that their data not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User. Website: Under applicable law, Branch is the data controller of Personal Data we collect from the Website. If you are a Website User who is a resident of Brazil, you may have certain rights under LGPD. Brazilian law may permit you to request that we: confirm whether we process your data; provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you; correct incomplete, inaccurate and outdated data; anonymize, block or delete data that is unnecessary, excessive or not being processed in accordance with Brazilian data protection law; port your personal data to another service or product vendor; delete personal data processed with your consent, when applicable; provide you with information regarding the public and private entities to which we disclose data; provide you with information about the possibility of withdrawing consent and the consequences of such withdrawal, where applicable; and / or withdraw your consent. You can submit such requests at https://privacy.branch.io/hc/en-us/requests/new , which will be processed in line with applicable law. To protect your privacy, we will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Data. Effective October 11, 2022 to December 29, 2022 Table of Contents Data Subject Rights under Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) Top This supplemental privacy notice applies to personal data processing activities in accordance with Brazilian data protection law. This notice supplements the information in our Privacy Policy. Certain terms used below have the meanings given to them in Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados ( “LGPD” ). If you have any questions about this supplemental privacy notice, you can contact our Data Protection Officer, Cathleen Hartge, at privacy@branch.io. Services: Because Branch is a service provider that processes data on behalf of its Clients, any requests relating to Brazilian Users’ exercise of their rights under LGPD must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests here Moreover, Branch supports functionality to allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data privacy rights. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User has requested that their data not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User. Website: Under applicable law, Branch is the data controller of Personal Data we collect from the Website. If you are a Website User who is a resident of Brazil, you may have certain rights under LGPD. Brazilian law may permit you to request that we: confirm whether we process your data; provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you; correct incomplete, inaccurate and outdated data; anonymize, block or delete data that is unnecessary, excessive or not being processed in accordance with Brazilian data protection law; port your personal data to another service or product vendor; delete personal data processed with your consent, when applicable; provide you with information regarding the public and private entities with which we share data; provide you with information about the possibility of withdrawing consent and the consequences of such withdrawal, where applicable; and / or withdraw your consent. You can submit such requests at https://privacy.branch.io/hc/en-us/requests/new , which will be processed in line with applicable law. To protect your privacy, we will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Data. Effective June 1, 2022 to October 11, 2022 Table of Contents Data Subject Rights under Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) This supplemental privacy notice applies to personal data processing activities in accordance with Brazilian data protection law. This notice supplements the information in our Privacy Policy. Certain terms used below have the meanings given to them in Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados ( “LGPD” ). If you have any questions about this supplemental privacy notice, you can contact our Data Protection Officer, Cathleen Hartge, at privacy@branch.io.Services: Because Branch is a service provider that processes data on behalf of its Clients, any requests relating to Brazilian Users’ exercise of their rights under LGPD must be provided to Branch by a Client. Clients can notify Branch of these requests here . Moreover, Branch supports functionality to allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data privacy rights. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User has requested that their data not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User. Website: Under applicable law, Branch is the data controller of Personal Data we collect from the Website. If you are a Website User who is a resident of Brazil, you may have certain rights under LGPD. Brazilian law may permit you to request that we: confirm whether we process your data; provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you; correct incomplete, inaccurate and outdated data; anonymize, block or delete data that is unnecessary, excessive or not being processed in accordance with Brazilian data protection law; port your personal data to another service or product vendor; delete personal data processed with your consent, when applicable; provide you with information regarding the public and private entities with which we share data; provide you with information about the possibility of withdrawing consent and the consequences of such withdrawal, where applicable; and / or withdraw your consent. You can submit such requests at https://privacy.branch.io/hc/en-us/requests/new , which will be processed in line with applicable law. To protect your privacy, we will take commercially reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access to or making any changes to your Personal Data. Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement Version Effective February 15, 2023 Table of Contents Branch Metrics Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement Purpose of this Statement This statement is made by Branch Metrics, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, “Branch,” “us,” “we” or “our” ) pursuant to section 54(1) of the United Kingdom Modern Slavery Act 2015. Introduction Branch is committed to providing a fair and ethical workplace and operating its business in a socially responsible way that supports the protection of human rights globally. We respect the standards embodied in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Labour Organization conventions. Specifically, Branch is strongly opposed to slavery and human trafficking and will not knowingly support or conduct business with any organization involved in such activities. Our Business Activities and Organization Branch provides the leading mobile linking platform, with solutions that unify user experience and measurement across different devices, platforms, and channels. Top brands use Branch to grow their business, improve their customer experience, and measure and optimize campaign performance. We are a Delaware corporation headquartered in Palo Alto, California with subsidiaries and operations around the world, including the United Kingdom. More information about us can be found at branch.io . Our key suppliers are primarily based in the United States and are typically in the fields of technology, data, office and facilities, and professional advisory services. We only use reputable providers of goods and services. Based on the geography of our business and suppliers, the industry in which we operate, and the structure of our business, there is a low risk of slavery and human trafficking taking place within our supply chain. However, we remain vigilant against the risk of human trafficking and any form of slavery and take steps to assess and manage that risk. Relevant Policies and Processes Our Global Code of Conduct applies to all employees, officers, directors, independent contractors, contingent workers and other service providers and helps to ensure that we are conducting business in an ethical and transparent manner. All Personnel are expected to read and comply with our Global Code of Conduct. Our Global Code of Conduct requires, among other things, that our personnel not engage in any unlawful activity in conducting our business or in performing their day-to-day duties. In addition, Branch is committed to acting in accordance with applicable law and requests its suppliers and partners to maintain at least the same standards by complying with Branch’s Supplier Code Of Conduct (“ Supplier Code ”). The Supplier Code encompasses compliance with all applicable laws, which includes the UK Modern Slavery Act.Branch also has a robust employee recruitment process, effectively attracting, training, and integrating a large number of new employees, including conducting, where permitted and in compliance with applicable law, background and eligibility to work in the country of employment checks for all employees to safeguard against human trafficking or individuals being forced to work against their will. Continuing Action To Address Modern Slavery Branch is committed to continuing to improve its operational and management systems and controls to combat slavery and human trafficking by, among other actions, conducting additional risk-based due diligence prior to supplier onboarding and continually assessing and improving the effectiveness of our ethics and compliance programs. This statement is made pursuant to section 54(1) of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 and constitutes Branch's slavery and human trafficking statement for the financial year ending December 31, 2022. This statement was approved by the Board of Directors of Branch Metrics, Inc. on January 25, 2023. Alex Austin Chief Executive Officer Branch Metrics, Inc. Effective January 1, 2023 to February 15, 2023 Table of Contents Branch Metrics Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement Purpose of this Statement Introduction Our Business Activities and Organization Relevant Policies and Processes Continuing Action To Address Modern Slavery Effective October 28, 2022 to January 1, 2023 Table of Contents Branch Metrics Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking Statement Purpose of this Statement This statement is made by Branch Metrics, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, “Branch,” “us,” “we” or “our” ) pursuant to section 54(1) of the United Kingdom Modern Slavery Act 2015. Introduction Branch is committed to providing a fair and ethical workplace and operating its business in a socially responsible way that supports the protection of human rights globally. We respect the standards embodied in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the International Labour Organization conventions. Specifically, Branch is strongly opposed to slavery and human trafficking and will not knowingly support or conduct business with any organization involved in such activities. Our Business Activities and Organization Branch provides the leading mobile linking platform, with solutions that unify user experience and measurement across different devices, platforms, and channels. Top brands use Branch to grow their business, improve their customer experience, and measure and optimize campaign performance. We are a Delaware corporation headquartered in Palo Alto, California with subsidiaries and operations around the world, including the United Kingdom. More information about us can be found at branch.io. Our key suppliers are primarily based in the United States and are typically in the fields of technology, data, office and facilities, and professional advisory services. We only use reputable providers of goods and services. Based on the geography of our business and suppliers, the industry in which we operate, and the structure of our business, there is a low risk of slavery and human trafficking taking place within our supply chain. However, we remain vigilant against the risk of human trafficking and any form of slavery and take steps to assess and manage that risk. Relevant Policies and Processes Our Global Code of Conduct applies to all employees, officers, directors, independent contractors, contingent workers and other service providers and helps to ensure that we are conducting business in an ethical and transparent manner. All Personnel are expected to read and comply with our Global Code of Conduct. Our Global Code of Conduct requires, among other things, that our personnel not engage in any unlawful activity in conducting our business or in performing their day-to-day duties. Branch also has a robust employee recruitment process, effectively attracting, training, and integrating a large number of new employees, including conducting, where permitted and in compliance with applicable law, background and eligibility to work in the country of employment checks for all employees to safeguard against human trafficking or individuals being forced to work against their will. Continuing Action To Address Modern Slavery Branch is committed to continuing to improve its operational and management systems and controls to combat slavery and human trafficking by, among other actions, conducting additional risk-based due diligence prior to supplier onboarding and continually assessing and improving the effectiveness of our ethics and compliance programs. This statement is made pursuant to section 54(1) of the Modern Slavery Act 2015 and constitutes Branch's slavery and human trafficking statement for the financial year ending December 31, 2021. This statement was approved by the Board of Directors of Branch Metrics, Inc.on August 9, 2022. Mike MolinetChief Operating OfficerBranch Metrics, Inc. Date: June 6, 2022 Native Compute Library Version Effective January 1, 2023 Table of Contents BRANCH METRICS, INC. SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS BRANCH NATIVE COMPUTE SDK LIBRARY (hereinafter referred to as the “software”) INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS. You may install and use any number of copies of the software to develop and test your applications. THIRD PARTY COMPONENTS. The software may include third party components with separate legal notices or governed by other agreements, as may be described in the third party notices file(s) accompanying the software. ADDITIONAL LICENSING REQUIREMENTS AND/OR USE RIGHTS. DISTRIBUTABLE CODE. The software is comprised of Distributable Code. “Distributable Code” is code that you are permitted to distribute in applications you develop if you comply with the terms below. Right to Use and Distribute. You may copy and distribute the object code form of the software. Third Party Distribution. You may permit distributors of your applications to copy and distribute the Distributable Code as part of those applications Distribution Requirements. For any Distributable Code you distribute, you must (i) use the Distributable Code in your applications and not as a standalone distribution; (ii) require distributors and external end users to agree to terms that protect it at least as much as this agreement; and (iii) indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Branch from any claims, including attorneys’ fees, related to the distribution or use of your applications, except to the extent that any claim is based solely on the unmodified Distributable Code. Distribution Restrictions. You may not: (i) use Branch’s trademarks in your applications’ names or in a way that suggests your applications come from or are endorsed by Branch; or (ii) modify or distribute the source code of any Distributable Code so that any part of it becomes subject to an Excluded License. An “Excluded License” is one that requires, as a condition of use, modification or distribution of code, that (a) it be disclosed or distributed in source code form; or (b) others have the right to modify it. DATA Data Collection. The software may collect information about you and your use of the software, and send that to Branch. Branch may use this information to provide services and improve our products and services. There are also features in the software that may enable you and Branch to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate notices to users of your applications together with Branch’s Privacy Policy. Branch’s Privacy Policy is located at https://branch.io/policies/privacy-policy/ . You can learn more about data collection and its use from the software documentation and Branch's Privacy Policy. Your use of the software operates as your consent to these practices b. Processing of Personal Data. To the extent Branch is a processor or subprocessor of personal data in connection with the software, Branch makes the commitments with respect to data subjects as set forth in the “Rights For Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom” section of Branch’s Privacy Policy to all customers effective May 25, 2018, at https://branch.io/policies/data-subject-rights/#data-subject-rights-european-general-data-protection-regulation (or its successor URL). SCOPE OF LICENSE. The software is licensed, not sold. This agreement only gives you some rights to use the software. Branch reserves all other rights. Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you may use the software only as expressly permitted in this agreement. In doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the software that only allow you to use it in certain ways. You may not (i) work around any technical limitations in the software; (ii) reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, or otherwise attempt to derive the source code for the software, except and to the extent required by third party licensing terms governing use of certain open source components that may be included in the software; (iii) remove, minimize, block or modify any notices of Branch or its suppliers in the software; (iv) use the software in any way that is against the law; or (v) share, publish, rent or lease the software, provide the software as a stand-alone offering for others to use, or transfer the software or this agreement to any third party. FEEDBACK.If you provide Branch with any verbal or written comments, bug reports, feedback, enhancements, optimizations, or modifications proposed or suggested by you for the software ("Feedback"), such Feedback is provided on a non-confidential basis (notwithstanding any notice to the contrary you may include in any accompanying communication), and Branch shall have the right to use such Feedback at its discretion, including, but not limited to the incorporation of such suggested changes into the software. You hereby grant Branch a worldwide, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, fully paid, transferable, sublicensable, non-exclusive right and license under all rights necessary to so incorporate, use, and exploit your Feedback in any manner, without restriction, for any purpose, including to make and sell Branch products and services. RESERVATION OF RIGHTS. The software is owned by Branch and is licensed, not sold, to you. The software is protected by copyright, trade dress, patent, and trademark laws of the United States and other jurisdictions, international conventions, and all other relevant intellectual property and proprietary rights, and applicable laws. As between you and Branch, all aspects of the software, including intellectual property rights therein and thereto, are the sole and exclusive property of Branch or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies and/or its third-party licensors. You may not sell, license, distribute, copy, modify, publicly perform or display, transmit, publish, edit, adapt, create derivative works from, or make any use of the software except as expressly authorized hereunder. Branch reserves all rights not expressly granted in this agreement. You do not acquire any right, title or interest to the software, whether by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, except for the limited rights set forth in this agreement. SOFTWARE EXPECTATIONS. The software: (i) is not an official product and has not been commercially released; (ii) may not be in final form or be fully functional; (iii) may contain errors, design flaws or other problems; (iv) may generate or produce inaccurate information or unexpected or incorrect results; (v) may cause loss of data or communications, project delays or other unpredictable damage or loss; (vi) may never be released as a commercial version; and (vii) may be discontinued by Branch in whole or in part, at any time and without any obligation or liability to you or your users. Use of the software may be conditional on your acceptance of additional terms and conditions accompanying the software. In the event of any conflict between this agreement and additional terms and conditions accompanying the software, the latter will govern and control unless expressly stated otherwise. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. You must comply with all domestic and international trade export laws and regulations that apply to the software, which include restrictions on destinations, end users, and end use. You represent that you are not named on any U.S. Government Consolidated Screening denied-party list which may be searched at: https://www.export.gov/article?id=Consolidated-Screening-List . You shall not permit any entity or individual to access or use the software who is listed on the Consolidated Screening List or located in a U.S. government-embargoed country, or known to be engaged in proliferation of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons or missiles, or otherwise in violation of any U.S. export law or regulation. SUPPORT SERVICES. Because this software is “as is,” Branch may not provide support services for it. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This agreement, and the terms for supplements, updates, Internet-based services and support services that you use, are the entire agreement for the software and support services. APPLICABLE LAW. If you acquired the software in the United States, California law applies to interpretation of and claims for breach of this agreement, and the laws of the state where you live apply to all other claims. If you acquired the software in any other country, its laws apply. CONSUMER RIGHTS; REGIONAL VARIATIONS. This agreement describes certain legal rights. You may have other rights, including consumer rights, under the laws of your state or country. Separate and apart from your relationship with Branch, you may also have rights with respect to the party from which you acquired the software. This agreement does not change those other rights if the laws of your state or country do not permit it to do so. For example, if you acquired the software in one of the below regions, or mandatory country law applies, then the following provisions apply to you: Australia. You have statutory guarantees under the Australian Consumer Law and nothing in this agreement is intended to affect those rights. Canada. If you acquired this software in Canada, the product documentation, if any, may specify how to update the software integrated into your digital properties.Germany and Austria. Warranty. The software will perform substantially as described in any Branch materials that accompany it. However, Branch gives no contractual guarantee in relation to the software. Limitation of Liability. In case of intentional conduct, gross negligence, claims based on the Product Liability Act, as well as in case of death or personal or physical injury, Branch is liable according to the statutory law. Subject to the foregoing clause (ii), Branch will only be liable for slight negligence if Branch is in breach of such material contractual obligations, the fulfillment of which facilitate the due performance of this agreement, the breach of which would endanger the purpose of this agreement and the compliance with which a party may constantly trust in (so-called "cardinal obligations"). In other cases of slight negligence, Branch will not be liable for slight negligence. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED “AS-IS.” YOU BEAR THE RISK OF USING IT. BRANCH GIVES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS, BRANCH EXCLUDES THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. LIMITATION ON AND EXCLUSION OF REMEDIES AND DAMAGES. YOU CAN RECOVER FROM BRANCH AND ITS SUPPLIERS ONLY DIRECT DAMAGES UP TO U.S. $100.00. YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES. This limitation applies to (a) anything related to the software, services, content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party applications; and (b) claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty, guarantee or condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the extent permitted by applicable law. It also applies even if Branch knew or should have known about the possibility of the damages. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you because your state or country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental, consequential or other damages. Effective December 6, 2022 to January 1, 2023 Table of Contents BRANCH METRICS, INC. SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS BRANCH NATIVE COMPUTE SDK LIBRARY (hereinafter referred to as the “software”) Right to Use and Distribute. You may copy and distribute the object code form of the software. Third Party Distribution. You may permit distributors of your applications to copy and distribute the Distributable Code as part of those applications Distribution Requirements. For any Distributable Code you distribute, you must (i) use the Distributable Code in your applications and not as a standalone distribution; (ii) require distributors and external end users to agree to terms that protect it at least as much as this agreement; and (iii) indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Branch from any claims, including attorneys’ fees, related to the distribution or use of your applications, except to the extent that any claim is based solely on the unmodified Distributable Code. Distribution Restrictions. You may not: (i) use Branch’s trademarks in your applications’ names or in a way that suggests your applications come from or are endorsed by Branch; or (ii) modify or distribute the source code of any Distributable Code so that any part of it becomes subject to an Excluded License. An “Excluded License” is one that requires, as a condition of use, modification or distribution of code, that (a) it be disclosed or distributed in source code form; or (b) others have the right to modify it. Warranty. The software will perform substantially as described in any Branch materials that accompany it. However, Branch gives no contractual guarantee in relation to the software. Limitation of Liability. In case of intentional conduct, gross negligence, claims based on the Product Liability Act, as well as in case of death or personal or physical injury, Branch is liable according to the statutory law. Subject to the foregoing clause (ii), Branch will only be liable for slight negligence if Branch is in breach of such material contractual obligations, the fulfillment of which facilitate the due performance of this agreement, the breach of which would endanger the purpose of this agreement and the compliance with which a party may constantly trust in (so-called "cardinal obligations"). In other cases of slight negligence, Branch will not be liable for slight negligence. Onboarding Services SOW Version Effective June 7, 2023 Table of Contents Addendum to Order Form Onboarding Services Statement of Work https://legal.branch.io/#professional-services SCOPE OF SERVICES. Branch PS will provide Customer with resources to assist Customer’s staff as set forth below (the “Project”), subject to Customer’s payment of all applicable fees as set forth in the applicable Order Form. Branch PS and Customer (collectively, the “Project Team”) will commit reasonable resources to work on the Project.Conduct remote discovery sessions to assist with identifying integration requirements for key use cases to work within client tech stack Provide assistance with defining Branch integration strategy to leverage deep linking and channel best practicesAssist Customer in identifying new opportunities to drive additional value from Branch within existing and new channelsProvide guidance with the creation and execution of Customer’s business case in implementing Branch’s ServicesProvide guidance and assistance identifying key integration tasks, owners, and dependencies to support sprint planningAssist Customer in tracking and communicating task completion and next steps with project stakeholders Actively monitor for and escalate integration risks and issuesAssist customer with building links for testing, and social/email/ads/site campaignsSupport the creation of Journeys and Deepview templatesProvide guidance and support to Customer in creating custom link builders, test pages, webhooks, and API scripts to streamline integration usageSupport analytics tagging strategy, retrieval of Branch data, and creation of performance reporting and collateral Support configuration of default redirect, social, and domain settingsAssign and coordinate user access permissionsSupport setup of premium feature (Journeys, Email, Ads, Analytics) dashboard configurationsConduct training sessions for project stakeholders on content which may include Branch functionality, Premium features, Specific Use Cases, and Dashboard Usage PROJECT ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES. This is a list of Project roles, NOT individuals, required to complete the Project. A single individual may take responsibility for any number of roles, or a single role may require more than one individual. Customer acknowledges its participation is critical for Project success. Attending all key Project meetingsBeing a point of contact for day-to-day operationsSecuring participation (as required) of key business process ownersParticipating in Project meetingsManages user acceptance tasks, including QA testing, training, and adoptionManages organization’s ongoing use of Branch’s ServicesAttends Project meetings related to area of ownershipAssists in the definition of unique processes outside of standard Branch practices Participates in user acceptance testing activities ONBOARDING SERVICE ASSUMPTIONS. Unless otherwise noted in this SOW or agreed to in writing by the Parties, the following assumptions are based on information provided by the Customer relating to the Project and have been used to estimate Branch PS’s required time, level of effort, and fees. Deviations from these assumptions may lead to commensurate changes in the timeline and fees and will be handled through a formal Change Order. Term Length: Unless otherwise agreed upon by both Parties and executed in a Change Order, the obligation of Branch to provide Onboarding Services under this SOW expires after the timeframe identified in the Order Form, following the SOW “Effective Date.” Reasonable Work Hours: Customer agrees that (1) Branch PS staffing commitments (“Staffing Commitments”) include up to the amount set forth in the Order Form (if any); (2) Staffing Commitments in this SOW may not have been fully scoped, and there is no assurance that the work identified by the Customer for Branch PS subject to Staffing Commitments can be completed within the time period scoped or even that such work can be completed at all; (3) Branch PS reserves the right to reject any request for work identified by Customer to be provided by Branch PS as Staffing Commitments, if Branch PS reasonably believes such work is outside of the type of services normally provided by Branch PS; and (4) Staffing Commitments may be consumed by Branch PS in completing preparations for meetings, completing offline research, and completing offline configurations or other action items. Overages: Branch PS will secure Customer’s approval to bill against overages that exceed initial Staffing Commitments or arising from delays caused by Customer before the provisioning of any such overage services. Cancellation / Postponement: Branch PS and Customer will use commercially reasonable efforts to attend all scheduled Project meetings. The repeated cancellation of Project meetings may result in Project delay and additional costs. CUSTOMER RESOURCE AVAILABILITY. Customer acknowledges and agrees that the Branch PS team’s performance is contingent upon Customer’s timely performance of its obligations under this SOW. Project timeline estimates provided by Branch PS are dependent on the availability of Customer resources and key decision makers. Lack of access to, or any material change to, Customer’s resources and/or Project stakeholders may impact estimated timelines, costs, fees, and whether additional Onboarding Services may be needed.As such, Customer agrees to promptly: (a) acknowledge, review, and respond to communications from Branch PS to support and progress the Project; (b) sign or e-sign any documents necessary to enable integration features with third-party partners selected by Customer to enable Branch PS to continue the provisioning of the Onboarding Services; connect the Branch PS team with Customer’s relevant contacts and subject matter experts as may be necessary to facilitate the Onboarding Services. Should Customer choose not to go live with any aspect of the deployment, and then at a future date need additional Onboarding Services, this will require another statement of work or Change Order to extend the Onboarding Services term and may result in additional costs. Customer is solely responsible for its engagement with and management of any third-party vendors that Customer integrates into, or uses in conjunction with, Branch. FEES. Customer will pay Branch all fees for Onboarding Services in accordance with this SOW and at the rates specified in the applicable Order Form. Effective April 13, 2023 to June 7, 2023 Table of Contents Addendum to Order Form Onboarding Services Statement of Work This Onboarding Services Statement of Work (“SOW”) describes Onboarding Services to be performed by Branch for Customer (each a “party”, collectively “Parties”) to the extent Customer has purchased Onboarding Services, as set forth in Customer’s Order Form. By executing an Order Form that references this SOW, Customer agrees to the terms of this SOW and the Professional Services Terms & Conditions available at https://legal.branch.io/#professional-services (the “PS Terms”). Any capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the PS Terms. SCOPE OF SERVICES . Branch PS will provide Customer with resources to assist Customer’s staff as set forth below (the “Project”), subject to Customer’s payment of all applicable fees as set forth in the applicable Order Form. Branch PS and Customer (collectively, the “Project Team”) will commit resources to work on the Project. In providing the Onboarding Services hereunder, Branch PS will employ reasonable, industry-standard Onboarding processes and activities. Service Onboarding Service Description Discovery Conduct remote discovery sessions to assist with identifying integration requirements for key use cases to work within client tech stackProvide assistance with defining Branch integration strategy to leverage deep linking and channel best practicesAssist Customer in identifying new opportunities to drive additional value from Branch within existing and new channelsProvide guidance with the creation and execution of Customer’s business case in implementing Branch’s Services Engagement Management Provide guidance and assistance identifying key integration tasks, owners, and dependencies to support sprint planningAssist Customer in tracking and communicating task completion and next steps with project stakeholdersActively monitor for and escalate integration risks and issues Engagement Support Assist customer with building links for testing, and social/email/ads/site campaignsSupport the creation of Journeys and Deepview templatesProvide guidance and support to Customer in creating custom link builders, test pages, webhooks, and API scripts to streamline integration usageSupport analytics tagging strategy, retrieval of Branch data, and creation of performance reporting and collateral Software Configuration Support configuration of default redirect, social, and domain settingsAssign and coordinate user access permissionsSupport setup of premium feature (Journeys, Email, Ads, Analytics) dashboard configurations Enablement Conduct training sessions for project stakeholders on content which may include Branch functionality, Premium features, Specific Use Cases, and Dashboard Usage PROJECT ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES . This is a list of Project roles, NOT individuals, required to complete the Project. A single individual may take responsibility for any number of roles, or a single role may require more than one individual. Customer acknowledges its participation is critical for Project success. Role Branch PS Customer Sponsor Responsible for allocating Branch PS resources Serve as escalation contact for issues not resolvable by Branch Project Manager (“PM”)Advises the Branch PS teamManages project resources Responsible for providing Customer resources needed for successful onboarding, and promote process change where necessary Project Manager Responsible for oversight of Branch PS resources, schedules.Supporting responsibilities include: Attending all key Project meetingsBeing a point of contact for day-to-day operationsProviding guidance and assistance for management of Project issuesLeading Project meetings Responsible for the oversight of Customer resources, schedules and responsibilities including: Attending all key Project meetingsBeing a point of contact for day-to-day operationsSecuring participation (as required) of key business process ownersParticipating in Project meetings Administrator N/A Responsible for ongoing Branch administration, once onboarding is complete Manage user acceptance tasks, including QA testing, training and adoptionManage organization’s ongoing Branch use Functional Consultant(s) / Business Process Owner(s) Responsible for providing leadership and guidance on the overall usage of Branch Define Branch integration strategySupport ongoing onboarding setupConduct training of Branch best practicesSupport QA of Branch integration Responsible for review and acceptance of Branch integration, and identification of exceptions/risks Attend Project meetings related to area of ownershipAssist in the definition of unique processes outside of standard Branch practicesParticipate in user acceptance testing activities Extended Team As needed Branch PS resources (including Solution Architects, Subject Matter Experts, Technical and/or Education resources) to support the scope of the Project Additional Customer resources as needed to support the scope of the Project ONBOARDING SERVICE ASSUMPTIONS . Unless otherwise noted in this SOW or agreed to in writing by the Parties, the following assumptions are based on information provided by the Customer relating to the Project and have been used to estimate Branch PS’s required level of effort and fees. Deviations from these assumptions may lead to commensurate changes in the timeline and fees and will be handled through a formal Change Order. Term Length: Unless otherwise agreed upon by both Parties and duly executed in writing, the obligation of Branch to provide Onboarding Services under this SOW expires after the timeframe identified in the Order Form, following the SOW “Effective Date.” Reasonable Work Hours: Customer agrees that (1) Branch PS staffing commitments (“Staffing Commitments”) include up to the amount set forth in the Order Form (if any); (2) Staffing Commitments in this SOW may not have been fully scoped, and there is no assurance that the work identified by the Customer for Branch PS subject to Staffing Commitments can be completed within the time period scoped or even that such work can be completed at all; (3) Branch PS reserves the right to reject any request for work identified by Customer to be provided by Branch PS as Staffing Commitments, if Branch PS reasonably believes such work is outside of the type of services normally provided by Branch PS; and (4) Staffing Commitments may be consumed by Branch PS in completing preparations for meetings, completing offline research, and completing offline configurations or other action items. Overages: Branch PS will secure Customer’s approval to bill against overages that exceed initial Staffing Commitments before the provisioning of any such overage services. Cancellation / Postponement: Branch PS and Customer will use commercially reasonable efforts to attend all scheduled Project meetings. The repeated cancellation of Project meetings may result in Project delay and additional costs. CUSTOMER RESOURCE AVAILABILITY. Project timeline estimates provided by Branch PS are dependent on the availability of Customer resources and key decision makers. Lack of access to or the material change to resources and/or Project stakeholders may impact estimated timelines and whether additional Onboarding Services may be needed. Customer is responsible for acknowledging, reviewing, and responding to communications from Branch PS to support this Project. Some integration features may require Customer’s contractual signature / e-signature with a third party before Branch PS can continue with the provisioning of services, and Customer is responsible for responding and executing such third party agreements in a timely and collaborative fashion. Customer is responsible for any engagement and management of third-party vendors that Customer uses in conjunction with Branch. Customer will provide relevant contacts and subject matter experts in a timely fashion to be made available for any necessary work to conduct this SOW according to a mutually agreed upon Project schedule. Should Customer choose not to go live with any aspect of the deployment, and then at a future date need additional Onboarding Services, this will require another statement of work or Change Order to extend the Onboarding Services term and may result in additional costs. FEES . Customer will pay Branch for the Onboarding Services at the rates specified in the applicable Order Form.Effective January 1, 2023 to April 13, 2023 Table of Contents Addendum to Order Form Onboarding Services Statement of Work “ Affiliate ” means any entity which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the subject entity. “Control,” for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity.“ Branch ” means Branch Metrics, Inc., the entity you are hereby contracting with.“ Branch OS ” means Branch’s Onboarding Services organization. “ Customer ” means the company or other legal entity for which you are accepting this SOW together with Affiliates of that company or entity which have signed SOWs or Order Forms for Onboarding Services.“ Change Order ” means any change to an SOW or Order Form, as applicable, as described in the “Change Orders” section below. Change Orders will be deemed incorporated by reference in the applicable SOW or Order Form, as applicable in the absence of an SOW. “Order Form” means an ordering document specifying the Onboarding Services to be provided hereunder and that is entered into between Customer and Branch, including any addenda and supplements thereto.“ Onboarding Services ” means work performed by Branch under a SOW or Order Form, including Branch’s Onboarding assistance specified in such SOW or Order Form. For clarity, the “Service(s)” under the Service Agreement do not include Onboarding Services. “ SOW ” or “ Statement of Work ” means a statement of work describing Onboarding Services to be provided hereunder, that is entered into between Customer and Branch which is incorporated into an Order Form that is entered into between Customer and Branch.“ Effective Date ” means the date signed by both Parties in the Order Form; if the Parties signed on different dates, the later of the two dates will constitute the Effective Date. “ Work Product ” means all works of authorship, inventions, know-how, ideas, materials, information, designs, and files made or conceived or reduced to practice, in whole or in part by Branch or its subcontractors in connection with the Onboarding Services, and all intellectual property rights relating thereto.Service Onboarding Service Description Conduct remote discovery sessions to assist with identifying integration requirements for key use cases to work within client tech stackProvide assistance with defining Branch integration strategy to leverage deep linking and channel best practicesAssist Customer in identifying new opportunities to drive additional value from Branch within existing and new channelsProvide guidance with the creation and execution of Customer’s business case in implementing Branch’s Services Provide guidance and assistance identifying key integration tasks, owners, and dependencies to support sprint planningAssist Customer in tracking and communicating task completion and next steps with project stakeholdersActively monitor for and escalate integration risks and issues Assist customer with building links for testing, and social/email/ads/site campaignsSupport the creation of Journeys and Deepview templatesProvide guidance and support to Customer in creating custom link builders, test pages, webhooks, and API scripts to streamline integration usage Support analytics tagging strategy, retrieval of Branch data, and creation of performance reporting and collateral Support configuration of default redirect, social, and domain settingsAssign and coordinate user access permissionsSupport setup of premium feature (Journeys, Email, Ads, Analytics) dashboard configurations Conduct training sessions for project stakeholders on content which may include Branch functionality, Premium features, Specific Use Cases, and Dashboard Usage Role Branch OS Customer Serve as escalation contact for issues not resolvable by Branch Project Manager (“PM”)Advises the Branch OS teamManages project resources r Attending all key Project meetingsBeing a point of contact for day-to-day operationsProviding guidance and assistance for management of Project issuesLeading Project meetings Attending all key Project meetingsBeing a point of contact for day-to-day operationsSecuring participation (as required) of key business process ownersParticipating in Project meetings Manage user acceptance tasks, including QA testing, training and adoption Manage organization’s ongoing Branch use Define Branch integration strategySupport ongoing onboarding setupConduct training of Branch best practicesSupport QA of Branch integration Attend Project meetings related to area of ownershipAssist in the definition of unique processes outside of standard Branch practicesParticipate in user acceptance testing activities Term Length : Unless otherwise agreed upon by both Parties and duly executed in writing, the obligation of Branch to provide Onboarding Services under this SOW expires after the timeframe identified in the Order Form, following the SOW “Effective Date.” Scope: Any item or activity not specifically included within the scope of this SOW is deemed outside the scope of this SOW and may require a Change Order, or separate SOW. Services referenced herein are in support of standard Branch software functionality as defined by the applicable Service Agreement, except as may otherwise be specified in this SOW. Any changes to the software functionality supplied are outside the scope of this SOW. No Recording : Customer will not film or record Branch delivery of Onboarding Services or Branch materials. Reasonable Work Hours : Customer agrees that: Branch OS staffing commitments (“Staffing Commitments”) include up to the amount set forth in the Order Form (if any);Staffing Commitments in this SOW may not have been fully scoped, and there is no assurance that the work identified by the Customer for Branch OS subject to Staffing Commitments can be completed within the time period scoped or even that such work can be completed at all;Branch OS reserves the right to reject any request for work identified by Customer to be provided by Branch OS as Staffing Commitments, if Branch OS reasonably believes such work is outside of the type of services normally provided by Branch OS; and Staffing Commitments may be consumed by Branch OS in completing preparations for meetings, completing offline research, and completing offline configurations or other action items. Overages : Branch OS will secure Customer’s approval to bill against overages that exceed initial Staffing Commitments before the provisioning of any such overage services. Cancellation / Postponement : Branch OS and Customer will use commercially reasonable efforts to attend all scheduled Project meetings. The repeated cancelation of Project meetings may result in Project delay and additional costs. Business Hours : Branch OS resources will be reachable over email during normal business hours (9 am - 6 pm local time, Monday – Friday, excluding nationally recognized holidays), and issues escalated outside of normal business hours may be sent to support@branch.io.Non-Solicitation : During the term of the SOW and for a period of three (3) years thereafter, Customer shall not interfere with Branch’s relationship with, or endeavor to entice away from Branch, any person who, on the date of the termination of or expiration of the Agreement, was an employee of Branch. Any rights for Customer to use and access Branch software (including without limitation any service functionalities, products, modules and features) are outside the scope of this SOW and must be separately procured by Customer from Branch pursuant to an Order Form or the applicable Service Agreement.Customer is responsible for separately procuring, at its own expense, all necessary rights for its and/or Branch OS’s use of any Customer or third-party technology that will be used within the scope of this SOW, including any applications and/or services with which the Branch Service can be connected through integrations. Customer represents and warrants that it will procure all such rights prior to using or permitting Branch OS’s use of any such third-party technology hereunder. Customer acknowledges that use of third-party technology and/or services not already licensed or purchased by Customer may require additional licenses and fee(s) that must be obtained separately by the Customer from the specific third-party provider of such applications and/or services. Customer will retain all right, title, and interest in and to any materials provided to Branch OS and the Branch OS resources pursuant to this SOW (“Customer Materials”). Customer grants Branch (including Branch OS) and its contractors a worldwide, non-exclusive, right to use, copy, distribute, create derivative works based on, display, and perform its Customer Materials as reasonably necessary for Branch OS to provide the Onboarding Services and Services to Customer.Except for the rights granted in this Section, and subject to Customer’s rights in the Customer Materials, Branch owns and reserves all right, title, and interest in and to the Work Product. Branch grants Customer a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access and use the Work Product with the Services for Customer’s internal business purposes during the Term of the applicable Service Agreement. Customer will not (and will not allow any third party to): (a) remove or alter proprietary notices from the Work Product or (b) use, sell, copy, modify, create derivative works based on, publicly perform, publicly display, or distribute the Work Product outside of the Services. Term. This SOW will expire or terminate in accordance with the Section on “Term Length” above. Termination for Cause. Either party may terminate this SOW if the other party is in material breach of the SOW and fails to cure that breach within thirty days after receipt of written notice. Any termination of the applicable Service Agreement will also terminate this SOW. Surviving Provisions. The Sections on “Intellectual Property” and the “Disclaimer” will survive termination of this SOW. Effective December 6, 2022 to January 1, 2023 Table of Contents Addendum to Order Form Onboarding Services Statement of Work “ Affiliate ” means any entity which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the subject entity. “Control,” for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity.“ Branch ” means Branch Metrics, Inc., the entity you are hereby contracting with.“ Branch OS ” means Branch’s Onboarding Services organization. “ Customer ” means the company or other legal entity for which you are accepting this SOW together with Affiliates of that company or entity which have signed SOWs or Order Forms for Onboarding Services.“ Change Order ” means any change to an SOW or Order Form, as applicable, as described in the “Change Orders” section below. Change Orders will be deemed incorporated by reference in the applicable SOW or Order Form, as applicable in the absence of an SOW. “Order Form” means an ordering document specifying the Onboarding Services to be provided hereunder and that is entered into between Customer and Branch, including any addenda and supplements thereto.“ Onboarding Services ” means work performed by Branch under a SOW or Order Form, including Branch’s Onboarding assistance specified in such SOW or Order Form. For clarity, the “Service(s)” under the Service Agreement do not include Onboarding Services. “ SOW ” or “ Statement of Work ” means a statement of work describing Onboarding Services to be provided hereunder, that is entered into between Customer and Branch which is incorporated into an Order Form that is entered into between Customer and Branch.“ Effective Date ” means the date signed by both Parties in the Order Form; if the Parties signed on different dates, the later of the two dates will constitute the Effective Date.“ Work Product ” means all works of authorship, inventions, know-how, ideas, materials, information, designs, and files made or conceived or reduced to practice, in whole or in part by Branch or its subcontractors in connection with the Onboarding Services, and all intellectual property rights relating thereto. Service Onboarding Service Description Conduct remote discovery sessions to assist with identifying integration requirements for key use cases to work within client tech stackProvide assistance with defining Branch integration strategy to leverage deep linking and channel best practicesAssist Customer in identifying new opportunities to drive additional value from Branch within existing and new channelsProvide guidance with the creation and execution of Customer’s business case in implementing Branch’s Services Provide guidance and assistance identifying key integration tasks, owners, and dependencies to support sprint planningAssist Customer in tracking and communicating task completion and next steps with project stakeholdersActively monitor for and escalate integration risks and issuesAssist customer with building links for testing, and social/email/ads/site campaignsSupport the creation of Journeys and Deepview templatesProvide guidance and support to Customer in creating custom link builders, test pages, webhooks, and API scripts to streamline integration usage Support analytics tagging strategy, retrieval of Branch data, and creation of performance reporting and collateralSupport configuration of default redirect, social, and domain settingsAssign and coordinate user access permissionsSupport setup of premium feature (Journeys, Email, Ads, Analytics) dashboard configurationsConduct training sessions for project stakeholders on content which may include Branch functionality, Premium features, Specific Use Cases, and Dashboard Usage Role Branch OS Customer Serve as escalation contact for issues not resolvable by Branch Project Manager (“PM”)Advises the Branch OS teamManages project resources r Attending all key Project meetingsBeing a point of contact for day-to-day operationsProviding guidance and assistance for management of Project issuesLeading Project meetingsAttending all key Project meetingsBeing a point of contact for day-to-day operationsSecuring participation (as required) of key business process ownersParticipating in Project meetingsManage user acceptance tasks, including QA testing, training and adoption Manage organization’s ongoing Branch useDefine Branch integration strategySupport ongoing onboarding setupConduct training of Branch best practicesSupport QA of Branch integrationAttend Project meetings related to area of ownershipAssist in the definition of unique processes outside of standard Branch practicesParticipate in user acceptance testing activities Term Length : Unless otherwise agreed upon by both Parties and duly executed in writing, the obligation of Branch to provide Onboarding Services under this SOW expires after the timeframe identified in the Order Form, following the SOW “Effective Date.” Scope: Any item or activity not specifically included within the scope of this SOW is deemed outside the scope of this SOW and may require a Change Order, or separate SOW. Services referenced herein are in support of standard Branch software functionality as defined by the applicable Service Agreement, except as may otherwise be specified in this SOW. Any changes to the software functionality supplied are outside the scope of this SOW. No Recording : Customer will not film or record Branch delivery of Onboarding Services or Branch materials. Reasonable Work Hours : Customer agrees that:Branch OS staffing commitments (“Staffing Commitments”) include up to the amount set forth in the Order Form (if any);Staffing Commitments in this SOW may not have been fully scoped, and there is no assurance that the work identified by the Customer for Branch OS subject to Staffing Commitments can be completed within the time period scoped or even that such work can be completed at all;Branch OS reserves the right to reject any request for work identified by Customer to be provided by Branch OS as Staffing Commitments, if Branch OS reasonably believes such work is outside of the type of services normally provided by Branch OS; and Staffing Commitments may be consumed by Branch OS in completing preparations for meetings, completing offline research, and completing offline configurations or other action items. Overages : Branch OS will secure Customer’s approval to bill against overages that exceed initial Staffing Commitments before the provisioning of any such overage services. Cancellation / Postponement : Branch OS and Customer will use commercially reasonable efforts to attend all scheduled Project meetings. The repeated cancelation of Project meetings may result in Project delay and additional costs.Business Hours : Branch OS resources will be reachable over email during normal business hours (9 am - 6 pm local time, Monday – Friday, excluding nationally recognized holidays), and issues escalated outside of normal business hours may be sent to support@branch.io. Non-Solicitation : During the term of the SOW and for a period of three (3) years thereafter, Customer shall not interfere with Branch’s relationship with, or endeavor to entice away from Branch, any person who, on the date of the termination of or expiration of the Agreement, was an employee of Branch. Any rights for Customer to use and access Branch software (including without limitation any service functionalities, products, modules and features) are outside the scope of this SOW and must be separately procured by Customer from Branch pursuant to an Order Form or the applicable Service Agreement.Customer is responsible for separately procuring, at its own expense, all necessary rights for its and/or Branch OS’s use of any Customer or third-party technology that will be used within the scope of this SOW, including any applications and/or services with which the Branch Service can be connected through integrations. Customer represents and warrants that it will procure all such rights prior to using or permitting Branch OS’s use of any such third-party technology hereunder. Customer acknowledges that use of third-party technology and/or services not already licensed or purchased by Customer may require additional licenses and fee(s) that must be obtained separately by the Customer from the specific third-party provider of such applications and/or services. Customer will retain all right, title, and interest in and to any materials provided to Branch OS and the Branch OS resources pursuant to this SOW (“Customer Materials”). Customer grants Branch (including Branch OS) and its contractors a worldwide, non-exclusive, right to use, copy, distribute, create derivative works based on, display, and perform its Customer Materials as reasonably necessary for Branch OS to provide the Onboarding Services and Services to Customer. Except for the rights granted in this Section, and subject to Customer’s rights in the Customer Materials, Branch owns and reserves all right, title, and interest in and to the Work Product. Branch grants Customer a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable license to access and use the Work Product with the Services for Customer’s internal business purposes during the Term of the applicable Service Agreement. Customer will not (and will not allow any third party to): (a) remove or alter proprietary notices from the Work Product or (b) use, sell, copy, modify, create derivative works based on, publicly perform, publicly display, or distribute the Work Product outside of the Services. Term. This SOW will expire or terminate in accordance with the Section on “Term Length” above. Termination for Cause. Either party may terminate this SOW if the other party is in material breach of the SOW and fails to cure that breach within thirty days after receipt of written notice. Any termination of the applicable Service Agreement will also terminate this SOW. Surviving Provisions. The Sections on “Intellectual Property” and the “Disclaimer” will survive termination of this SOW. Privacy Opt-Out Version Effective December 31, 2022 Table of Contents User Tracking Opt-out . We collect limited device information to improve our deep linking technology and to provide attribution and analytics services, but we understand that some users would like to opt out of this data processing. BROWSER-BASED OPT-OUTS Top DEVICE-BASED OPT-OUTS & CHOICES Top Effective October 11, 2022 to December 31, 2022 Table of Contents User Tracking Opt-out We take our customers’ privacy very seriously and provide mechanisms for opting out of data collection features, which are identified below. You can learn more about the types of data that we need to collect for our core service here: https://branch.io/policies/#privacy . We collect limited device information to improve our deep linking technology and to provide attribution and analytics services, but we understand that some users would like to opt out of this data processing. BROWSER-BASED OPT-OUTS Top Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out: Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking here . This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality will be degraded or no longer work as a result. Cookie-based opt-outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt-out will not be effective on your mobile device.NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out: Branch is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”), and adheres to its Codes of Conduct. NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt-out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from data collection by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available here DEVICE-BASED OPT-OUTS & CHOICES Top Mobile Device Identifier: To exercise the mobile device privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and select “opt-out of interest based ads” (Android) or limit ad tracking” (Apple iOS) . Branch will only be able to collect information as permitted by these settings. Branch’s Device-Based Opt-Out: You can submit a request to opt-out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request here . Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality will be degraded or no longer work once that request is executed. Effective June 1, 2022 to October 11, 2022 Table of Contents User Tracking Opt-out We take our customers’ privacy very seriously and provide mechanisms for opting out of data collection features, which are identified below. You can learn more about the types of data that we need to collect for our core service here: https://branch.io/policies/#privacy . We collect limited device information to improve our deep linking technology and to provide attribution and analytics services, but we understand that some users would like to opt out of this data processing. BRO WSER-BASED OPT-OUTS Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking . This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality will be degraded or no longer work as a result. Cookie-based opt-outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt-out will not be effective on your mobile device. NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out: Branch is a member of the (“NAI”), and adheres to its Codes of Conduct. NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt-out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from data collection by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available DEVICE -BASED OPT-OUTS & CHOICES Mobile Device Identifier: To exercise the mobile device privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and select “opt-out of interest based ads” (Android) or “limit ad tracking” (Apple iOS) . Branch will only be able to collect information as permitted by these settings. Branch’s Device-Based Opt-Out: You can submit a request to opt-out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request here . Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality will be degraded or no longer work once that request is executed. Privacy Policy Version Effective May 8, 2023 Table of Contents Privacy Policy The Branch Guiding Privacy Principles Top We are a linking and analytics platform for app and website developers. And we are proud of our commitment to providing our services in a privacy-first way. So we thought it would be helpful to lay out, in plain English, the Branch Guiding Privacy Principles that drive how we’ve chosen to design our services with privacy as a top priority. We further describe our privacy practices in the official Privacy Policybelow this section, but we hope you’ll find this summary of our principles helpful. We limit the data we collect. We practice data minimization, which means that we take steps to avoid collecting or storing information that we don’t need to provide our services. The personal data that we collect to provide our services is limited to data like advertising identifiers, IP address, and information derived from resettable cookies (the full list is below in our privacy policy). We do not collect or store information such as names, email addresses, physical addresses, or SSNs to provide our services. Nor do we want to. In fact, our Terms & Conditionsprohibit our customers from providing Branch with any kind of sensitive end-user information. We will only provide you with data about actual end-user activity on your apps or websites. Customers who subscribe to our linking and analytics platform can only access “earned” cookies or identifiers. This means that an end user must visit a customer’s site before our customer can see the cookie; and an end user must download a customer’s app in order for Branch to collect the end user’s advertising identifier for that customer. In short, the Branch services benefit customers who already have seen an end user across their platforms and want to understand the relationship between those web visits and app sessions. We do not rent or sell customer end user data.No Branch customer can access another Branch customer’s end-user data. And we are not in the business of renting or selling any customer’s end-user data to anyone else. To enable customers to control their end-user personal data, they can request deletion here of that data at any time, whether in bulk or for a specific end user. These controls are available to customers worldwide, although we designed them to comply with the CCPA and GDPR requirements. Beyond these principles stated above, Branch will continue to find ways to design our services to respect end user privacy. We’re committed to making sure our customers understand how we use data they entrust to us and how they can control it so that they can, in turn, be transparent with their end users. Introduction Top Branch Metrics, Inc. ( " Branch ", " us ", " our " or " we ") offers a linking and analytics platform enabling developers of applications (our " Clients ")--whether those applications are websites or "apps," and across different types of devices--to improve their end users’ (" Users ") cross-application experiences, and to derive additional insights into how their Users download and utilize those applications. Branch recognizes and believes that data privacy is important to all Internet users, and therefore we design and operate our services in a privacy-first manner. This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts: Collection and Use of Information from Our Services: This section explains how Branch collects and uses information about Users in connection with our linking and analytics products and services (the " Branch Services " or the " Services "). Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes: This section explains how we collect and use information about our website visitors through our website located at branch.io (the “ Website ”), which includes the dashboard we provide to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. So, if you are a Client using our Branch dashboard, this section applies to the data we collect from you. It also explains how we collect information about potential Clients from vendors and other sources to enhance our marketing efforts. Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website: This section lays out the parts of the Branch Privacy Policy that apply to both the Services and to the Website. Collection and Use of Information from Our Services What Information Does Branch Collect from Our Services? Top Below, we explain what information we collect on behalf of our Clients through the Services, and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below. The Branch Services: Overview Top Branch provides a variety of Services intended to help Clients understand the use of their digital properties by their Users across a wide array of platforms, devices and applications. Branch helps Clients by connecting User interactions across siloed applications (email, SMS, web browsers, social platforms, native applications and others), so that Clients understand the multiple steps that a User took to ultimately complete a transaction with the Client. The Client can use this information to better inform marketing and product decisions as well as to provide improved user experiences by using their knowledge of continuity. Branch has no direct relationship with Users. Branch’s Services are provided when Branch Clients install on their platforms “Branch Mechanisms” (including links, pixels, direct platform integrations, etc.) that capture User action on behalf of the Client. Using the information collected from these Branch Mechanisms, Branch uses a variety of attribution techniques to connect User actions across different channels and platforms. Some of these attribution techniques include a direct pass-through of identifiers from platform to platform, creating and storing identifiers unique to the Branch platform to connect User actions and identifiers together, and predictive modeling algorithms using real-time and historical data parameters observed from User interactions where there are no shared identifiers available, as well as using historical connections Branch has derived over time using our technology. In some cases, these connections are made without the use of cookies. These techniques help Clients match Users with devices they use, including matching the same User across multiple devices.The key use cases of Branch’s Services are: To support Clients in implementing deep linking, which uses Branch’s connection information in real time to improve the User experience.For example, if a User clicks on a link in an email or ad to a specific page in a Client’s app, Branch helps the User get to that page after they download the app.To report individualized and aggregated analytics metrics about the performance of the Client’s product and marketing initiatives to the Client directly.For example, Branch can tell a Client how many Users that downloaded an app or that went to a specific page in an app came from clicking on a specific link, and provide corresponding advertising or other identifiers. To assist the Client by presenting real time, targeted messaging to their Users depending on past behavior observed across the Client’s tracked platforms with the purpose of driving more engagement to the Client.For example, Branch can use Branch Mechanisms to provide a tailored message like a coupon code or special offer in your website to users who have interacted with your app and/or website in the past. Branch requires that each Client commit to disclose to Branch only information that it has lawfully obtained (including, where necessary, by obtaining consent from Users), and that it has the right to disclose to Branch. We strongly discourage Clients from disclosing sensitive User information with us, as such information is not necessary for the provision of the Services, and we prohibit them from providing us with data relating to children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16). In the charts below, we summarize the information collected automatically by the Services. Information Collected By Branch Links and Pixels Top Branch collects the following information from URLs created by the Client (i.e., Branch Links) and pixels placed on Client websites. Branch Links may be embedded into QR Codes as configured by the Client. Some of this information is considered personal data under applicable law (in other words, information that itself may identify a unique individual or can be linked back to an individual) (“ Personal Data ”). Type of Information Collected Purpose IP Address Standard web HTTP request; used for attribution and to understand general location Cookie Standard web cookies, used for device identification and attribution Link Data Metadata controlled by the Client, which may be used to interpret the data for reporting, or for analytics User Agent Standard web browser user agent metadata; used for device identification and attribution Referer Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics Request Standard web HTTP request Engagement Data Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the webpage from which such ads were displayed, and webpages on Client’s website visited by a User. Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their website (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.). Information Collected by Branch SDKs Top SDKs are Software Development Kits that include code that allows Clients to use the Branch Services.The Branch Mobile App SDKs, Web SDKs, and Over-the-Top (OTT) SDKs collect the following information when Clients use these SDKs in their applications or websites, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law: Type of Information Collected Purpose Advertising identifier (e.g., GAID, Android ID, IDFA, IDFV, RIDA) Used for device identification and attribution Branch Cookie ID Used for device identification and attribution IP Address Standard web HTTP request; used for device identification, attribution, and to understand general location Referer Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics Central Processing Unit (CPU) Type Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution System build version Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Internet connection type Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Application version Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Device model Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Manufacturer / Brand Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Operating system Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Operating system version Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Screen size (height, width) Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Screen resolution Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Mobile network status (Wi-Fi, etc.) Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Device locale (country and language) Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Local IP address Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Mobile platform Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Branch SDK version Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Developer ID (optional) Client-supplied unique identifier; metadata feature Used for device identification and attribution Carrier ID Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Environment Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution UI Mode Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Engagement Data Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the application page from which such ads were displayed, pages on Client’s application visited by a User, downloads, opt-in status for certain tracking mechanisms, and installations of applications. Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their application (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.). In addition to the information identified above, the Branch Desktop SDKs collect the following identifiers when Clients use these SDKs in their desktop applications, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law: Type of Information Collected Purpose MAC address Used for device identification and attribution Windows Advertising ID Used for device identification and attribution CPU ID Used for device identification and attribution Information Collected By Other Parties Top As part of Branch’s Services, Branch’s Clients may direct certain of their vendors or business partners (such as an ad network or vendor) to provide certain Engagement Data to Branch on the Client’s behalf. How Does Branch Use Information Collected by Our Services? Top Data Branch collects through the Services is processed: to better understand how and from where Users come to download certain apps, what types of apps are popular, or to recognize browsers and devices that are likely to be operated by the same User.to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Branch Services we provide our Clients, including to support other Branch products and services, develop new products and services, and market products or services; to support the products and services of our Clients; and as permitted or required by applicable law. to fulfill Clients’ and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services including processing data at the Client’s direction and transferring User data to them. Branch does not control how Clients use information Branch discloses to Clients, and Users should read Clients’ Privacy Policies to understand how they use information they receive from Branch.to aggregate data across various sources, including data from various Clients or other parties.to create reports based on aggregated information, which is information that cannot reasonably be linked back to any individual person or Client and disclose these reports to the public.for anti-fraud protection and analysis relating to the Services to ensure more accurate attribution measurement, general fraud prevention, or where otherwise required by law. We may aggregate and/or de-identify the data we collect through the Services. After data has been aggregated and/or de-identified, Branch cannot use it to personally identify an individual. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any other parties, including business partners, Clients, and/or others. Our Clients’ Use of Information Top Our Clients may use the information collected via the Services to improve their Users’ app experiences, customize their apps to Users, and to better understand their app marketing programs and how Users discover their apps. For example, a User may want to disclose information about a hotel that she found in a travel app to a friend. When that User sends her friend a Branch link to that hotel, after clicking the link the friend is brought directly to the content relating to that hotel within the app, rather than landing on the app’s homepage and having to search for the hotel. The travel app would also gain insights and analytics as to how the content is being disclosed from its app. We require that our Clients utilize our Services responsibly and in accordance with our Terms & Conditions. Branch is not responsible for the data practices of any of our Clients through the Services or otherwise. Each Client’s practices are subject to each Client’s individual privacy policy. Users should review the privacy policy of each Client to understand how that Client uses User information collected through the Services. User Choices Top Branch recognizes a number of consumer choice mechanisms. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality may be degraded or no longer work as a result if you exercise certain of the opt-outs below. Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out: Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking here. This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer read or set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Cookie-based opt outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt out will not be effective on your mobile device. NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out: Branch is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) and adheres to its Code of Conduct. NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from interest-based advertising by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available here. Device-Based Opt-Out: You can submit a request to opt out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request here. Device Identifiers: To use your device’s privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings menu of your device to review and access the privacy controls made available on the device. Branch will only be able to collect information from the device as permitted by these settings. Client App Opt-out Controls: Branch‘s SDK Privacy Controlsallow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User’s data should not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User. Engagement Builder: Branch's Engagement Builder feature may be used to help Clients conduct re-engagement and re-targeting campaigns. We require that Clients using Branch’s Engagement Builder feature for such purposes respect User opt-out preferences passed to them by Branch. Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes What Information Does Branch Collect about Website Visitors and Potential Customers? Top Branch collects information from Website visitors (“you” or “Website Users”) located at www.branch.io ( the “Website”), which includes the dashboard provided to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. The types of information we may collect and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with us and the requirements of applicable law. Below are the legal bases and some of the ways we collect information and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below. What We Collect from Clients that Use the Website Top Branch collects Personal Data and non-personal data via the Website. For example, when Clients register to use our Services, we ask them to provide us with Personal Data, including first and last name and email address.Dashboard Information: Information we collect from visitors who register for an account on our dashboard includes the following, some of which is considered Personal Data under applicable law: Type of Information Collected Purpose IP Address Standard web HTTP request; may be used for limited security login controls Cookie (ours) Standard web cookie used for dashboard session management Cookie (other-party) Other-party web tracking tools used for business intelligence First, Last Name Used for team user identification Work Email Used as the primary login identifier Password Account registration, secure our Services and prevent fraud Account Holder Primary Role Account registration, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners User Agent Standard web browser user agent metadata; may be used for limited security login controls Referer Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for general internal business analytics Request Standard web HTTP request; may be used for general internal business analytics Github ID (optional) Can be used as a login method Billing information Payment account registration Log Data Provide the Services, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners, personalize our experience, secure our Services and prevent fraud, and defend our legal rights and comply with the law Account holder feedback Help us improve your experience on the account dashboard When a Client creates an account and uses the Services, Branch may collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Client is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g., browser type and version, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Client (“Log Data”). We also require Clients to set up a user ID and unique password for account security purposes. Clients must not disclose their passwords to anyone. Clients also have the option of adding other team members to their account. This account information enables us to set up an account for Clients, to provide the Services, and to otherwise manage Client accounts. We may also use this information to notify Clients about updates to our Services and provide them with promotional emails. We offer a mechanism to opt out from promotional emails as described in the “Opt-Out from Promotional Emails” section below. Account and Billing Information: To the extent that we charge a fee for the Services, we may also collect limited billing, payment, and contract information from Clients through our payment and contract vendors. Connection Information with Other Parties: Some features of the dashboard Services allow you to disclose your information through your accounts to other companies such as Facebook and Google. If you choose to connect Branch to such services provided by other parties, we may collect information related to your use of those services provided by other parties, such as authentication tokens that allow us to connect to your accounts with those other parties. We will ask you for permission before you authorize our collection of this information. We may also collect information about how you are using the Services to interact with those connected services. Information from Other Sources: In addition to the information collected through our Website, we or our vendors may obtain and disclose additional information, such as job title or contact information, from other public and non-public sources such as business websites, social networking platforms, or databases maintained by other parties. We use this information to better enable Branch to identify and contact businesses that might be interested in engaging our Services, and to gain a better understanding of a potential Client’s business needs. Communications with Branch: Some Website Users may provide Personal Data to Branch by sending us an email or filling out an online form on the Website. We use this information to answer their question(s), and may store that information for our record keeping, marketing, and advertising purposes. Research/Survey Solicitations: From time to time, we may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage vendors to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns and/or promotional activities.Cookies, Pixels and Web Beacons: We also collect other data via the Website from Website Users, including Website Users employed by or affiliated with Clients, through cookies and/or web beacons. Such information, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law, may include IP address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, how you browse and navigate the Website, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to the Website, the referring URL, and your computer’s operating system. For example, we may collect on a real-time basis information on how you use and navigate the Website. If you permit the use of cookies and web beacons when you visit and continue to use the Website, we will collect information through those tools. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website and web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Website or in our emails. Cookies help us improve your experience on the Website as well as our marketing activities. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Website. For more information about cookies and web beacons, please visit https://www.cookiepro.com/knowledgebase/knowledge_categories/cookies-101/ . For more information about how to opt-out of cookies and web beacons after you have consented to their use, see the “Opt-out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons” section below. How Does Branch Use the Information Collected? Top Branch processes the data described in the section above for the following purposes: to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Website;to fulfill your and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services;to send information about the Services including confirmations, invoices, payment processing, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;to communicate about products and services offered by Branch and Branch's selected partners. We receive opt-in consent to send promotional and marketing messages to Website Users where required by applicable law. You can opt-out of receiving these messages at any time as described below in the section titled: “Opt-out from Promotional Emails”; to conduct research;to manage your information and account, to improve and administer our Website, to contact Website Users to answer questions or resolve problems, or to verify your identity;to conduct research to help us to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new products, processes and services;for ad delivery and reporting purposes and to create data and analytics products and services;to make the Website easier to use by reducing the need for Clients and Website Users to enter information; for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide data to us;with your consent; orwhere Branch otherwise has a legitimate interest in collecting the data, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, product improvement, anti-fraud protection, protecting the safety of us, our Website Users, or other parties, or where required by law. Opt-Out & Do Not Track - Your Choice Mechanisms Top In some cases, we rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you. In those cases, and where you have consented to Branch's processing of your Personal Data in connection with your use of the Website, you may withdraw that consent at any time by following the instructions below. Additionally, before we use Personal Data collected with your consent for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will provide information regarding the new purpose and ask for your consent for the new purpose. Where your consent for the processing of Personal Data is otherwise required by law or contract, we will comply with the law or contract. In other cases, we do not rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you (for example, if we have a different legal basis to process that data). Opt Out from Promotional Emails Top You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails, or by filling out this form. You can also opt-out of certain categories of emails using this form. If you opt-out using any of these tools, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as certain updates about your account or updates to our Terms & Conditions and this Privacy Policy and/or use of the Services. Opt Out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons Top We will only use cookies consistent with your cookie settings and permissions granted on our Website. If you permit us to use cookies/web beacons as discussed above (“What Information Does Branch Collect from our Website”), but would like to opt-out: For dashboard users, visit https://dashboard.branch.io/account-settings/user, and toggle off “Cookie Consent”.For all other users, click on “Cookie Consent” at the bottom right-hand corner of our homepage ( https://branch.io/), and click on the opt-out link. Also, you can choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. To exercise the "Do Not Track" settings available on certain web browsers, please visit the privacy settings of your browser. Where Branch is able to see that such a selection has been made, we will not use information collected from that device to target advertising on that browser. Dashboard users must use the “Cookie Consent” feature to revoke permission to place cookies. Please note that "Do Not Track" is a different privacy mechanism than the Global Privacy Control browser choice referenced below. Note that, even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-personal data regarding your activities on our Website. This also does not opt you out of being served advertising altogether; you will continue to receive generic advertisements. Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website Top The Website utilizes tracking tools from vendors, which may enable these vendors to analyze our Website traffic for analytics purposes. Some of these vendors may collect information from this Website for retargeting and interest-based advertising purposes. For more information about these forms of ad targeting and to understand your right to opt-out from these practices, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. All of these tools are hosted by the parties who provide them, and your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the parties providing them. These tools include, but are not limited to, those below. Google . We may use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Website, and to develop website content. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. You can opt-out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Website by going to http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Mixpanel . We use a service provided by Mixpanel, Inc. (“Mixpanel”) to provide us with analytics data regarding Website Users’ interactions with our Website and Services. You may opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data that is collected while using the Services by visiting https://mixpanel.com/optout/. To track opt-outs, Mixpanel uses a persistent opt-out cookie placed on your device. Please note that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter the browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), you may delete the Mixpanel opt-out cookie. Facebook. We may use certain tools offered by Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”) that enable it to collect or receive information about actions Website Users take on our Website through use of cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies or in order to provide measurement services, targeted ads and other services. For more information regarding the collection and use of such information by Facebook, please see the Facebook Data Policy, available at: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php. Drift . We use certain tools offered by Drift to power our Website’s live-chat experience. If you provide information about yourself through that live-chat experience, then we may store that information for marketing purposes. Drift may also infer information about the company that you work for you based on your IP address. Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website When does Branch Disclose Information? Top In addition to the ways described in our Terms & Conditions and this Privacy Policy, Branch may also disclose information to others under the following circumstances: With vendors, consultants and other parties who work for us and need access to information we collect to do that work.With our Clients and their agents, as described in this Policy.To other parties (such as advertising networks or vendors used by our Clients), as directed by our Clients.To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual, prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person. To protect the rights and property of Branch, our agents, Clients, Users, Website Users, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies, and Terms & Conditions.To Branch’s subsidiaries and affiliates as necessary to help us provide, support, and maintain the Services.In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.Updating Your Information and Contact Preferences Top We provide Clients with a mechanism to access, review and update information via the dashboard. If you wish to review or update your information, please visit branch.io and login using the username and password you created. Next, please select “Account Settings” which can be found in the lower left corner of the dashboard screen, then select the “User” tab near the top. If you would like to delete your account, please email support@branch.io We Secure the Information We Collect Top Securing the information provided by our Clients and collected through our Website is important to us. Branch has implemented industry-standard technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help protect the information on our servers against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your own passwords. If you have reason to believe that your passwords or Personal Data are no longer secure, please promptly notify us at privacy@branch.io Our Data Retention Policy Top For our Services: Branch stores the information collected by our Services (see the “What Information Does Branch Collect from our Services?” section above) so long as our systems continue to encounter that User. After that User has been inactive for 30 days (or 90 days for specific attribution products), identifiers collected from that User will be deleted unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client. Usage activity logs, which are used for the purpose of reporting and analytics, are stored in an identifiable form for no more than 7 days (or up to 60 days as determined by the Client or for specific fields), after which these logs are removed or pseudonymized. Any and all pseudonymized logs are deleted after 12 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client. Aggregated reporting metrics disclosed to Clients are retained (in aggregate and anonymized form) for up to 24 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client. Branch may retain information collected by our Services beyond these periods for fraud prevention, analysis, or response, or to protect the safety of Branch, its Clients, Users or the public. For the Website: We store Personal Data such as email address or billing details for so long as you continue to have a business relationship with Branch and for a reasonable time thereafter for record-keeping purposes. If applicable to you, you may ask us to delete that information as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below or pursuant to your right of erasure as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below. Links to Other Websites Top The Website and/or Services may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website and/or Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by Branch, and we do not endorse or make any representations about websites or social media platforms operated by other parties. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that you interact with. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk. International Data Transfers Top All information collected via the Website and Services is stored on servers located in the United States. In the process of providing the Services, we may transfer information across borders from other countries or jurisdictions into the United States. Data protection laws in the United States may differ from your country, and the data Branch processes may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities under certain circumstances. By using the Services, each Client and Website User consents to the transfer and processing of information to the U.S. in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data transfers from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland are transferred on the basis of legal mechanisms approved by the European Commission and other relevant authorities for cross-border data transfers, such as Standard Contractual Clauses or the Privacy Shield mechanism discussed in the “Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States” section below. Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States Top Branch complies with the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S.Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data from European Union member countries (including European Economic Area member countries), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. Branch recognizes that the Court of Justice of the European Union ruled in July 2020 that a certification under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework no longer can serve as the basis by which entities subject to the GDPR export personal data to jurisdictions outside the European Economic Area, and that the Swiss Data Protection Authority similarly held the Swiss-US Privacy Shield inadequate. Branch will continue to honor its obligation to comply with the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to data that was transferred pursuant to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov. Branch no longer relies on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield to transfer data that originated in the EEA or the United Kingdom to the U.S. Branch is subject to the investigatory and enforcement authority of the US Federal Trade Commission. Pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks we are obliged to inform EU, UK, and Swiss individuals whose data is being transferred into the United States that we may be required to release Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements. Branch remains liable for the onward transfer of EU, UK, and Swiss personal data to other parties pursuant to the Privacy Shield unless we can prove we were not a party to the actions giving rise to the damages. We acknowledge the right of EU, UK, and Swiss individuals to access their Personal Data pursuant to the Privacy Shield. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals wishing to exercise this right may do so by contacting privacy@branch.io. In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Branch commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. European Union, UK, and Swiss individuals with Privacy Shield inquiries or complaints should first contact Branch at: Branch Metrics, Inc. 195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101 Palo Alto, CA 94306 or by email at privacy@branch.io Branch has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit http://www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you. If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction. Data Subject Rights Top California Consumer Privacy Act The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to natural persons who are residents of California. Our CCPA privacy notice is available here. Rights of Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom The European General Data Protection Regulation of 2018 (“GDPR”) and equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (“UK Data Protection Law”) provides certain rights to residents of Europe. Information on how you can exercise rights under the GDPR and UK Data Protection Law are set forth here. Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) provides certain rights to residents of Brazil. Information on how you can exercise rights under the LGPD are set forth here. Our Policy Regarding Children Top Services: The Branch Services are not directed to children. We require that Clients agree to not send to us data relating to any children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16). If you are a Client and want to learn more about Branch SDK Privacy Controls that you can use in your compliance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), GDPR, or any other applicable law, please contact privacy@branch.io.If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) in violation of applicable law, please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any information that it may have been provided inappropriately as required by law. Website: The Branch Website is not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect through the Website Personal Data from anyone under the age of 16. If you are under 16, please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under 16 may provide any Personal Data to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected any such data from a child under 16 through our Website, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any inappropriately obtained information as required by law. Contact Us, Questions, Changes to This Privacy Policy Top We may change this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion. We will post all changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of the page the modified Privacy Policy’s effective date. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: Branch Metrics, Inc. 195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101 Palo Alto, CA 94306 or by email at info@branch.io Compliance Top This Privacy Policy shall be implemented by Branch and all its operating divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates. Branch has put in place mechanisms to verify ongoing compliance with this Privacy Policy. Effective April 7, 2023 to May 8, 2023 Table of Contents Privacy Policy The Branch Guiding Privacy Principles Top We are a linking and analytics platform for app and website developers. And we are proud of our commitment to providing our services in a privacy-first way. So we thought it would be helpful to lay out, in plain English, the Branch Guiding Privacy Principles that drive how we’ve chosen to design our services with privacy as a top priority. We further describe our privacy practices in the official Privacy Policybelow this section, but we hope you’ll find this summary of our principles helpful. We limit the data we collect. We practice data minimization, which means that we take steps to avoid collecting or storing information that we don’t need to provide our services. The personal data that we collect to provide our services is limited to data like advertising identifiers, IP address, and information derived from resettable cookies (the full list is below in our privacy policy). We do not collect or store information such as names, email addresses, physical addresses, or SSNs to provide our services. Nor do we want to. In fact, our Terms & Conditionsprohibit our customers from providing Branch with any kind of sensitive end-user information. We will only provide you with data about actual end-user activity on your apps or websites. Customers who subscribe to our linking and analytics platform can only access “earned” cookies or identifiers. This means that an end user must visit a customer’s site before our customer can see the cookie; and an end user must download a customer’s app in order for Branch to collect the end user’s advertising identifier for that customer. In short, the Branch services benefit customers who already have seen an end user across their platforms and want to understand the relationship between those web visits and app sessions. We do not rent or sell customer end user data. No Branch customer can access another Branch customer’s end-user data. And we are not in the business of renting or selling any customer’s end-user data to anyone else. To enable customers to control their end-user personal data, they can request deletion here of that data at any time, whether in bulk or for a specific end user. These controls are available to customers worldwide, although we designed them to comply with the CCPA and GDPR requirements. Beyond these principles stated above, Branch will continue to find ways to design our services to respect end user privacy. We’re committed to making sure our customers understand how we use data they entrust to us and how they can control it so that they can, in turn, be transparent with their end users. Introduction Top Branch Metrics, Inc. ( " Branch ", " us ", " our " or " we ") offers a linking and analytics platform enabling developers of applications (our " Clients ")--whether those applications are websites or "apps," and across different types of devices--to improve their end users’ (" Users ") cross-application experiences, and to derive additional insights into how their Users download and utilize those applications.Branch recognizes and believes that data privacy is important to all Internet users, and therefore we design and operate our services in a privacy-first manner. This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts: Collection and Use of Information from Our Services: This section explains how Branch collects and uses information about Users in connection with our linking and analytics products and services (the " Branch Services " or the " Services "). Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes: This section explains how we collect and use information about our website visitors through our website located at branch.io (the “ Website ”), which includes the dashboard we provide to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. So, if you are a Client using our Branch dashboard, this section applies to the data we collect from you. It also explains how we collect information about potential Clients from vendors and other sources to enhance our marketing efforts. Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website: This section lays out the parts of the Branch Privacy Policy that apply to both the Services and to the Website. Collection and Use of Information from Our Services What Information Does Branch Collect from Our Services? Top Below, we explain what information we collect on behalf of our Clients through the Services, and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below. The Branch Services: Overview Top Branch provides a variety of Services intended to help Clients understand the use of their digital properties by their Users across a wide array of platforms, devices and applications. Branch helps Clients by connecting User interactions across siloed applications (email, SMS, web browsers, social platforms, native applications and others), so that Clients understand the multiple steps that a User took to ultimately complete a transaction with the Client. The Client can use this information to better inform marketing and product decisions as well as to provide improved user experiences by using their knowledge of continuity. Branch has no direct relationship with Users. Branch’s Services are provided when Branch Clients install on their platforms “Branch Mechanisms” (including links, pixels, direct platform integrations, etc.) that capture User action on behalf of the Client. Using the information collected from these Branch Mechanisms, Branch uses a variety of attribution techniques to connect User actions across different channels and platforms. Some of these attribution techniques include a direct pass-through of identifiers from platform to platform, creating and storing identifiers unique to the Branch platform to connect User actions and identifiers together, and predictive modeling algorithms using real-time and historical data parameters observed from User interactions where there are no shared identifiers available, as well as using historical connections Branch has derived over time using our technology. In some cases, these connections are made without the use of cookies. These techniques help Clients match Users with devices they use, including matching the same User across multiple devices. The key use cases of Branch’s Services are: To support Clients in implementing deep linking, which uses Branch’s connection information in real time to improve the User experience.For example, if a User clicks on a link in an email or ad to a specific page in a Client’s app, Branch helps the User get to that page after they download the app.To report individualized and aggregated analytics metrics about the performance of the Client’s product and marketing initiatives to the Client directly.For example, Branch can tell a Client how many Users that downloaded an app or that went to a specific page in an app came from clicking on a specific link, and provide corresponding advertising or other identifiers. To assist the Client by presenting real time, targeted messaging to their Users depending on past behavior observed across the Client’s tracked platforms with the purpose of driving more engagement to the Client.For example, Branch can use Branch Mechanisms to provide a tailored message like a coupon code or special offer in your website to users who have interacted with your app and/or website in the past. Branch requires that each Client commit to disclose to Branch only information that it has lawfully obtained (including, where necessary, by obtaining consent from Users), and that it has the right to disclose to Branch. We strongly discourage Clients from disclosing sensitive User information with us, as such information is not necessary for the provision of the Services, and we prohibit them from providing us with data relating to children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16). In the charts below, we summarize the information collected automatically by the Services.Information Collected By Branch Links and Pixels Top Branch collects the following information from URLs created by the Client (i.e., Branch Links) and pixels placed on Client websites. Branch Links may be embedded into QR Codes as configured by the Client. Some of this information is considered personal data under applicable law (in other words, information that itself may identify a unique individual or can be linked back to an individual) (“ Personal Data ”). Type of Information Collected Purpose IP Address Standard web HTTP request; used for attribution and to understand general location Cookie Standard web cookies, used for device identification and attribution Link Data Metadata controlled by the Client, which may be used to interpret the data for reporting, or for analytics User Agent Standard web browser user agent metadata; used for device identification and attribution Referer Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics Request Standard web HTTP request Engagement Data Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the webpage from which such ads were displayed, and webpages on Client’s website visited by a User. Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their website (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.). Information Collected by Branch SDKs Top SDKs are Software Development Kits that include code that allows Clients to use the Branch Services. The Branch Mobile App SDKs, Web SDKs, and Over-the-Top (OTT) SDKs collect the following information when Clients use these SDKs in their applications or websites, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law: Type of Information Collected Purpose Advertising identifier (e.g., GAID, Android ID, IDFA, IDFV, RIDA) Used for device identification and attribution Branch Cookie ID Used for device identification and attribution IP Address Standard web HTTP request; used for device identification, attribution, and to understand general location Referer Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics Central Processing Unit (CPU) Type Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution System build version Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Internet connection type Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Application version Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Device model Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Manufacturer / Brand Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Operating system Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Operating system version Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Screen size (height, width) Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Screen resolution Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Mobile network status (Wi-Fi, etc.) Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Device locale (country and language) Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Local IP address Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Mobile platform Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Branch SDK version Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Developer ID (optional) Client-supplied unique identifier; metadata feature Used for device identification and attribution Carrier ID Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Environment Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution UI Mode Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Engagement Data Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the application page from which such ads were displayed, pages on Client’s application visited by a User, downloads, opt-in status for certain tracking mechanisms, and installations of applications. Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their application (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).In addition to the information identified above, the Branch Desktop SDKs collect the following identifiers when Clients use these SDKs in their desktop applications, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law: Type of Information Collected Purpose MAC address Used for device identification and attribution Windows Advertising ID Used for device identification and attribution CPU ID Used for device identification and attribution Information Collected By Other Parties Top As part of Branch’s Services, Branch’s Clients may direct certain of their vendors or business partners (such as an ad network or vendor) to provide certain Engagement Data to Branch on the Client’s behalf. How Does Branch Use Information Collected by Our Services? Top Data Branch collects through the Services is processed: to better understand how and from where Users come to download certain apps, what types of apps are popular, or to recognize browsers and devices that are likely to be operated by the same User.to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Branch Services we provide our Clients, including to support other Branch products and services, develop new products and services, and market products or services; to support the products and services of our Clients; and as permitted or required by applicable law. to fulfill Clients’ and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services including processing data at the Client’s direction and transferring User data to them. Branch does not control how Clients use information Branch discloses to Clients, and Users should read Clients’ Privacy Policies to understand how they use information they receive from Branch.to aggregate data across various sources, including data from various Clients or other parties.to create reports based on aggregated information, which is information that cannot reasonably be linked back to any individual person or Client and disclose these reports to the public. for anti-fraud protection and analysis relating to the Services to ensure more accurate attribution measurement, general fraud prevention, or where otherwise required by law. We may aggregate and/or de-identify the data we collect through the Services. After data has been aggregated and/or de-identified, Branch cannot use it to personally identify an individual. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any other parties, including business partners, Clients, and/or others. Our Clients’ Use of Information Top Our Clients may use the information collected via the Services to improve their Users’ app experiences, customize their apps to Users, and to better understand their app marketing programs and how Users discover their apps. For example, a User may want to disclose information about a hotel that she found in a travel app to a friend. When that User sends her friend a Branch link to that hotel, after clicking the link the friend is brought directly to the content relating to that hotel within the app, rather than landing on the app’s homepage and having to search for the hotel. The travel app would also gain insights and analytics as to how the content is being disclosed from its app. We require that our Clients utilize our Services responsibly and in accordance with our Terms & Conditions. Branch is not responsible for the data practices of any of our Clients through the Services or otherwise. Each Client’s practices are subject to each Client’s individual privacy policy. Users should review the privacy policy of each Client to understand how that Client uses User information collected through the Services. User Choices Top Branch recognizes a number of consumer choice mechanisms. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality may be degraded or no longer work as a result if you exercise certain of the opt-outs below. Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out: Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking here. This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer read or set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Cookie-based opt outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt out will not be effective on your mobile device. NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out: Branch is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) and adheres to its Code of Conduct. NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from interest-based advertising by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available here. Device-Based Opt-Out: You can submit a request to opt out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request here.Device Identifiers: To use your device’s privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings menu of your device to review and access the privacy controls made available on the device. Branch will only be able to collect information from the device as permitted by these settings. Client App Opt-out Controls: Branch‘s SDK Privacy Controlsallow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User’s data should not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User. Engagement Builder: Branch's Engagement Builder feature may be used to help Clients conduct re-engagement and re-targeting campaigns. We require that Clients using Branch’s Engagement Builder feature for such purposes respect User opt-out preferences passed to them by Branch. Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes What Information Does Branch Collect about Website Visitors and Potential Customers? Top Branch collects information from Website visitors (“you” or “Website Users”) located at www.branch.io ( the “Website”), which includes the dashboard provided to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. The types of information we may collect and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with us and the requirements of applicable law. Below are the legal bases and some of the ways we collect information and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below. What We Collect from Clients that Use the Website Top Branch collects Personal Data and non-personal data via the Website. For example, when Clients register to use our Services, we ask them to provide us with Personal Data, including first and last name and email address. Dashboard Information: Information we collect from visitors who register for an account on our dashboard includes the following, some of which is considered Personal Data under applicable law: Type of Information Collected Purpose IP Address Standard web HTTP request; may be used for limited security login controls Cookie (ours) Standard web cookie used for dashboard session management Cookie (other-party) Other-party web tracking tools used for business intelligence First, Last Name Used for team user identification Work Email Used as the primary login identifier Password Account registration, secure our Services and prevent fraud Account Holder Primary Role Account registration, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners User Agent Standard web browser user agent metadata; may be used for limited security login controls Referer Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for general internal business analytics Request Standard web HTTP request; may be used for general internal business analytics Github ID (optional) Can be used as a login method Billing information Payment account registration Log Data Provide the Services, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners, personalize our experience, secure our Services and prevent fraud, and defend our legal rights and comply with the law Account holder feedback Help us improve your experience on the account dashboard When a Client creates an account and uses the Services, Branch may collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Client is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g., browser type and version, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Client (“Log Data”). We also require Clients to set up a user ID and unique password for account security purposes. Clients must not disclose their passwords to anyone. Clients also have the option of adding other team members to their account. This account information enables us to set up an account for Clients, to provide the Services, and to otherwise manage Client accounts. We may also use this information to notify Clients about updates to our Services and provide them with promotional emails. We offer a mechanism to opt out from promotional emails as described in the “Opt-Out from Promotional Emails” section below. Account and Billing Information: To the extent that we charge a fee for the Services, we may also collect limited billing, payment, and contract information from Clients through our payment and contract vendors. Connection Information with Other Parties: Some features of the dashboard Services allow you to disclose your information through your accounts to other companies such as Facebook and Google.If you choose to connect Branch to such services provided by other parties, we may collect information related to your use of those services provided by other parties, such as authentication tokens that allow us to connect to your accounts with those other parties. We will ask you for permission before you authorize our collection of this information. We may also collect information about how you are using the Services to interact with those connected services. Information from Other Sources: In addition to the information collected through our Website, we or our vendors may obtain and disclose additional information, such as job title or contact information, from other public and non-public sources such as business websites, social networking platforms, or databases maintained by other parties. We use this information to better enable Branch to identify and contact businesses that might be interested in engaging our Services, and to gain a better understanding of a potential Client’s business needs. Communications with Branch: Some Website Users may provide Personal Data to Branch by sending us an email or filling out an online form on the Website. We use this information to answer their question(s), and may store that information for our record keeping, marketing, and advertising purposes. Research/Survey Solicitations: From time to time, we may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage vendors to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns and/or promotional activities. Cookies, Pixels and Web Beacons: We also collect other data via the Website from Website Users, including Website Users employed by or affiliated with Clients, through cookies and/or web beacons. Such information, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law, may include IP address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, how you browse and navigate the Website, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to the Website, the referring URL, and your computer’s operating system. For example, we may collect on a real-time basis information on how you use and navigate the Website. If you permit the use of cookies and web beacons when you visit and continue to use the Website, we will collect information through those tools. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website and web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Website or in our emails. Cookies help us improve your experience on the Website as well as our marketing activities. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Website. For more information about cookies and web beacons, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/. For more information about how to opt-out of cookies and web beacons after you have consented to their use, see the “Opt-out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons” section below. How Does Branch Use the Information Collected? Top Branch processes the data described in the section above for the following purposes: to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Website;to fulfill your and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services;to send information about the Services including confirmations, invoices, payment processing, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;to communicate about products and services offered by Branch and Branch's selected partners. We receive opt-in consent to send promotional and marketing messages to Website Users where required by applicable law. You can opt-out of receiving these messages at any time as described below in the section titled: “Opt-out from Promotional Emails”; to conduct research;to manage your information and account, to improve and administer our Website, to contact Website Users to answer questions or resolve problems, or to verify your identity;to conduct research to help us to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new products, processes and services;for ad delivery and reporting purposes and to create data and analytics products and services;to make the Website easier to use by reducing the need for Clients and Website Users to enter information; for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide data to us;with your consent; orwhere Branch otherwise has a legitimate interest in collecting the data, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, product improvement, anti-fraud protection, protecting the safety of us, our Website Users, or other parties, or where required by law.Opt-Out & Do Not Track - Your Choice Mechanisms Top In some cases, we rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you. In those cases, and where you have consented to Branch's processing of your Personal Data in connection with your use of the Website, you may withdraw that consent at any time by following the instructions below. Additionally, before we use Personal Data collected with your consent for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will provide information regarding the new purpose and ask for your consent for the new purpose. Where your consent for the processing of Personal Data is otherwise required by law or contract, we will comply with the law or contract. In other cases, we do not rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you (for example, if we have a different legal basis to process that data). Opt Out from Promotional Emails Top You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails, or by filling out this form. You can also opt-out of certain categories of emails using this form. If you opt-out using any of these tools, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as certain updates about your account or updates to our Terms & Conditions and this Privacy Policy and/or use of the Services. Opt Out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons Top We will only use cookies consistent with your cookie settings and permissions granted on our Website. If you permit us to use cookies/web beacons as discussed above (“What Information Does Branch Collect from our Website”), but would like to opt-out: For dashboard users, visit https://dashboard.branch.io/account-settings/user, and toggle off “Cookie Consent”. For all other users, click on “Cookie Consent” at the bottom right-hand corner of our homepage ( https://branch.io/), and click on the opt-out link. Also, you can choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. To exercise the "Do Not Track" settings available on certain web browsers, please visit the privacy settings of your browser. Where Branch is able to see that such a selection has been made, we will not use information collected from that device to target advertising on that browser. Dashboard users must use the “Cookie Consent” feature to revoke permission to place cookies. Please note that "Do Not Track" is a different privacy mechanism than the Global Privacy Control browser choice referenced below. Note that, even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-personal data regarding your activities on our Website. This also does not opt you out of being served advertising altogether; you will continue to receive generic advertisements. Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website Top The Website utilizes tracking tools from vendors, which may enable these vendors to analyze our Website traffic for analytics purposes. Some of these vendors may collect information from this Website for retargeting and interest-based advertising purposes. For more information about these forms of ad targeting and to understand your right to opt-out from these practices, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. All of these tools are hosted by the parties who provide them, and your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the parties providing them. These tools include, but are not limited to, those below. Google . We may use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Website, and to develop website content. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. You can opt-out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Website by going to http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Mixpanel . We use a service provided by Mixpanel, Inc. (“Mixpanel”) to provide us with analytics data regarding Website Users’ interactions with our Website and Services. You may opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data that is collected while using the Services by visiting https://mixpanel.com/optout/. To track opt-outs, Mixpanel uses a persistent opt-out cookie placed on your device. Please note that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter the browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), you may delete the Mixpanel opt-out cookie. Facebook. We may use certain tools offered by Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”) that enable it to collect or receive information about actions Website Users take on our Website through use of cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies or in order to provide measurement services, targeted ads and other services. For more information regarding the collection and use of such information by Facebook, please see the Facebook Data Policy, available at: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php.Drift . We use certain tools offered by Drift to power our Website’s live-chat experience. If you provide information about yourself through that live-chat experience, then we may store that information for marketing purposes. Drift may also infer information about the company that you work for you based on your IP address. Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website When does Branch Disclose Information? Top In addition to the ways described in our Terms & Conditions and this Privacy Policy, Branch may also disclose information to others under the following circumstances: With vendors, consultants and other parties who work for us and need access to information we collect to do that work.With our Clients and their agents, as described in this Policy.To other parties (such as advertising networks or vendors used by our Clients), as directed by our Clients.To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual, prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person. To protect the rights and property of Branch, our agents, Clients, Users, Website Users, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies, and Terms & Conditions.To Branch’s subsidiaries and affiliates as necessary to help us provide, support, and maintain the Services.In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. Updating Your Information and Contact Preferences Top We provide Clients with a mechanism to access, review and update information via the dashboard. If you wish to review or update your information, please visit branch.io and login using the username and password you created. Next, please select “Account Settings” which can be found in the lower left corner of the dashboard screen, then select the “User” tab near the top. If you would like to delete your account, please email support@branch.io We Secure the Information We Collect Top Securing the information provided by our Clients and collected through our Website is important to us. Branch has implemented industry-standard technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help protect the information on our servers against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your own passwords. If you have reason to believe that your passwords or Personal Data are no longer secure, please promptly notify us at privacy@branch.io Our Data Retention Policy Top For our Services: Branch stores the information collected by our Services (see the “What Information Does Branch Collect from our Services?” section above) so long as our systems continue to encounter that User. After that User has been inactive for 30 days (or 90 days for specific attribution products), identifiers collected from that User will be deleted unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client. Usage activity logs, which are used for the purpose of reporting and analytics, are stored in an identifiable form for no more than 7 days (or up to 60 days as determined by the Client or for specific fields), after which these logs are removed or pseudonymized. Any and all pseudonymized logs are deleted after 12 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client. Aggregated reporting metrics disclosed to Clients are retained (in aggregate and anonymized form) for up to 24 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client. Branch may retain information collected by our Services beyond these periods for fraud prevention, analysis, or response, or to protect the safety of Branch, its Clients, Users or the public. For the Website: We store Personal Data such as email address or billing details for so long as you continue to have a business relationship with Branch and for a reasonable time thereafter for record-keeping purposes. If applicable to you, you may ask us to delete that information as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below or pursuant to your right of erasure as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below. Links to Other Websites Top The Website and/or Services may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website and/or Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by Branch, and we do not endorse or make any representations about websites or social media platforms operated by other parties. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that you interact with.We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk. International Data Transfers Top All information collected via the Website and Services is stored on servers located in the United States. In the process of providing the Services, we may transfer information across borders from other countries or jurisdictions into the United States. Data protection laws in the United States may differ from your country, and the data Branch processes may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities under certain circumstances. By using the Services, each Client and Website User consents to the transfer and processing of information to the U.S. in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data transfers from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland are transferred on the basis of legal mechanisms approved by the European Commission and other relevant authorities for cross-border data transfers, such as Standard Contractual Clauses or the Privacy Shield mechanism discussed in the “Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States” section below. Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States Top Branch complies with the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data from European Union member countries (including European Economic Area member countries), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. Branch recognizes that the Court of Justice of the European Union ruled in July 2020 that a certification under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework no longer can serve as the basis by which entities subject to the GDPR export personal data to jurisdictions outside the European Economic Area, and that the Swiss Data Protection Authority similarly held the Swiss-US Privacy Shield inadequate. Branch will continue to honor its obligation to comply with the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to data that was transferred pursuant to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov. Branch no longer relies on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield to transfer data that originated in the EEA or the United Kingdom to the U.S. Branch is subject to the investigatory and enforcement authority of the US Federal Trade Commission. Pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks we are obliged to inform EU, UK, and Swiss individuals whose data is being transferred into the United States that we may be required to release Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements. Branch remains liable for the onward transfer of EU, UK, and Swiss personal data to other parties pursuant to the Privacy Shield unless we can prove we were not a party to the actions giving rise to the damages. We acknowledge the right of EU, UK, and Swiss individuals to access their Personal Data pursuant to the Privacy Shield. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals wishing to exercise this right may do so by contacting privacy@branch.io. In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Branch commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. European Union, UK, and Swiss individuals with Privacy Shield inquiries or complaints should first contact Branch at: Branch Metrics, Inc. 195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101 Palo Alto, CA 94306 or by email at privacy@branch.io Branch has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit http://www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you. If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction.Data Subject Rights Top California Consumer Privacy Act The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to natural persons who are residents of California. Our CCPA privacy notice is available here. Rights of Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom The European General Data Protection Regulation of 2018 (“GDPR”) and equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (“UK Data Protection Law”) provides certain rights to residents of Europe. Information on how you can exercise rights under the GDPR and UK Data Protection Law are set forth here. Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) provides certain rights to residents of Brazil. Information on how you can exercise rights under the LGPD are set forth here. Our Policy Regarding Children Top Services: The Branch Services are not directed to children. We require that Clients agree to not send to us data relating to any children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16). If you are a Client and want to learn more about Branch SDK Privacy Controls that you can use in your compliance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), GDPR, or any other applicable law, please contact privacy@branch.io. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) in violation of applicable law, please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any information that it may have been provided inappropriately as required by law. Website: The Branch Website is not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect through the Website Personal Data from anyone under the age of 16. If you are under 16, please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under 16 may provide any Personal Data to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected any such data from a child under 16 through our Website, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any inappropriately obtained information as required by law. Contact Us, Questions, Changes to This Privacy Policy Top We may change this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion. We will post all changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of the page the modified Privacy Policy’s effective date. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: Branch Metrics, Inc. 195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101 Palo Alto, CA 94306 or by email at info@branch.io Compliance Top This Privacy Policy shall be implemented by Branch and all its operating divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates. Branch has put in place mechanisms to verify ongoing compliance with this Privacy Policy. Effective February 24, 2023 to April 7, 2023 Table of Contents Privacy Policy The Branch Guiding Privacy Principles Top We are a linking and analytics platform for app and website developers. And we are proud of our commitment to providing our services in a privacy-first way. So we thought it would be helpful to lay out, in plain English, the Branch Guiding Privacy Principles that drive how we’ve chosen to design our services with privacy as a top priority. We further describe our privacy practices in the official Privacy Policybelow this section, but we hope you’ll find this summary of our principles helpful. We limit the data we collect. We practice data minimization, which means that we take steps to avoid collecting or storing information that we don’t need to provide our services. The personal data that we collect to provide our services is limited to data like advertising identifiers, IP address, and information derived from resettable cookies (the full list is below in our privacy policy). We do not collect or store information such as names, email addresses, physical addresses, or SSNs to provide our services. Nor do we want to. In fact, our Terms & Conditionsprohibit our customers from providing Branch with any kind of sensitive end-user information. We will only provide you with data about actual end-user activity on your apps or websites. Customers who subscribe to our linking and analytics platform can only access “earned” cookies or identifiers. This means that an end user must visit a customer’s site before our customer can see the cookie; and an end user must download a customer’s app in order for Branch to collect the end user’s advertising identifier for that customer.In short, the Branch services benefit customers who already have seen an end user across their platforms and want to understand the relationship between those web visits and app sessions. We do not rent or sell customer end user data. No Branch customer can access another Branch customer’s end-user data. And we are not in the business of renting or selling any customer’s end-user data to anyone else. To enable customers to control their end-user personal data, they can request deletion hereof that data at any time, whether in bulk or for a specific end user. These controls are available to customers worldwide, although we designed them to comply with the CCPA and GDPR requirements. Beyond these principles stated above, Branch will continue to find ways to design our services to respect end user privacy. We’re committed to making sure our customers understand how we use data they entrust to us and how they can control it so that they can, in turn, be transparent with their end users. Introduction Top Branch Metrics, Inc. ( " Branch ", " us ", " our " or " we ") offers a linking and analytics platform enabling developers of applications (our " Clients ")--whether those applications are websites or "apps," and across different types of devices--to improve their end users’ (" Users ") cross-application experiences, and to derive additional insights into how their Users download and utilize those applications. Branch recognizes and believes that data privacy is important to all Internet users, and therefore we design and operate our services in a privacy-first manner. This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts: Collection and Use of Information from Our Services: This section explains how Branch collects and uses information about Users in connection with our linking and analytics products and services (the " Branch Services " or the " Services "). Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes: This section explains how we collect and use information about our website visitors through our website located at branch.io (the “ Website ”), which includes the dashboard we provide to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. So, if you are a Client using our Branch dashboard, this section applies to the data we collect from you. It also explains how we collect information about potential Clients from vendors and other sources to enhance our marketing efforts. Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website: This section lays out the parts of the Branch Privacy Policy that apply to both the Services and to the Website. Collection and Use of Information from Our Services What Information Does Branch Collect from Our Services? Top Below, we explain what information we collect on behalf of our Clients through the Services, and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below. The Branch Services: Overview Top Branch provides a variety of Services intended to help Clients understand the use of their digital properties by their Users across a wide array of platforms, devices and applications. Branch helps Clients by connecting User interactions across siloed applications (email, SMS, web browsers, social platforms, native applications and others), so that Clients understand the multiple steps that a User took to ultimately complete a transaction with the Client. The Client can use this information to better inform marketing and product decisions as well as to provide improved user experiences by using their knowledge of continuity. Branch has no direct relationship with Users. Branch’s Services are provided when Branch Clients install on their platforms “Branch Mechanisms” (including links, pixels, direct platform integrations, etc.) that capture User action on behalf of the Client. Using the information collected from these Branch Mechanisms, Branch uses a variety of attribution techniques to connect User actions across different channels and platforms. Some of these attribution techniques include a direct pass-through of identifiers from platform to platform, creating and storing identifiers unique to the Branch platform to connect User actions and identifiers together, and predictive modeling algorithms using real-time and historical data parameters observed from User interactions where there are no shared identifiers available, as well as using historical connections Branch has derived over time using our technology. In some cases, these connections are made without the use of cookies. These techniques help Clients match Users with devices they use, including matching the same User across multiple devices.The key use cases of Branch’s Services are: To support Clients in implementing deep linking, which uses Branch’s connection information in real time to improve the User experience.For example, if a User clicks on a link in an email or ad to a specific page in a Client’s app, Branch helps the User get to that page after they download the app.To report individualized and aggregated analytics metrics about the performance of the Client’s product and marketing initiatives to the Client directly.For example, Branch can tell a Client how many Users that downloaded an app or that went to a specific page in an app came from clicking on a specific link, and provide corresponding advertising or other identifiers. To assist the Client by presenting real time, targeted messaging to their Users depending on past behavior observed across the Client’s tracked platforms with the purpose of driving more engagement to the Client.For example, Branch can use Branch Mechanisms to provide a tailored message like a coupon code or special offer in your website to users who have interacted with your app and/or website in the past. Branch requires that each Client commit to disclose to Branch only information that it has lawfully obtained (including, where necessary, by obtaining consent from Users), and that it has the right to disclose to Branch. We strongly discourage Clients from disclosing sensitive User information with us, as such information is not necessary for the provision of the Services, and we prohibit them from providing us with data relating to children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16). In the charts below, we summarize the information collected automatically by the Services. Information Collected By Branch Links and Pixels Top Branch collects the following information from URLs created by the Client (i.e., Branch Links) and pixels placed on Client websites. Branch Links may be embedded into QR Codes as configured by the Client. Some of this information is considered personal data under applicable law (in other words, information that itself may identify a unique individual or can be linked back to an individual) (“ Personal Data ”). Type of Information Collected Purpose IP Address Standard web HTTP request; used for attribution and to understand general location Cookie Standard web cookies, used for device identification and attribution Link Data Metadata controlled by the Client, which may be used to interpret the data for reporting, or for analytics User Agent Standard web browser user agent metadata; used for device identification and attribution Referer Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics Request Standard web HTTP request Engagement Data Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the webpage from which such ads were displayed, and webpages on Client’s website visited by a User. Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their website (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.). Information Collected by Branch SDKs Top SDKs are Software Development Kits that include code that allows Clients to use the Branch Services.The Branch Mobile App SDKs, Web SDKs, and Over-the-Top (OTT) SDKs collect the following information when Clients use these SDKs in their applications or websites, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law: Type of Information Collected Purpose Advertising identifier (e.g., GAID, Android ID, IDFA, IDFV, RIDA) Used for device identification and attribution Branch Cookie ID Used for device identification and attribution IP Address Standard web HTTP request; used for device identification, attribution, and to understand general location Referer Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics Central Processing Unit (CPU) Type Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution System build version Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Internet connection type Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Application version Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Device model Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Manufacturer / Brand Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Operating system Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Operating system version Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Screen size (height, width) Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Screen resolution Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Mobile network status (Wi-Fi, etc.) Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Device locale (country and language) Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Local IP address Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Mobile platform Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Branch SDK version Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Developer ID (optional) Client-supplied unique identifier; metadata feature Used for device identification and attribution Carrier ID Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Environment Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution UI Mode Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Engagement Data Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the application page from which such ads were displayed, pages on Client’s application visited by a User, downloads, opt-in status for certain tracking mechanisms, and installations of applications. Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their application (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.). In addition to the information identified above, the Branch Desktop SDKs collect the following identifiers when Clients use these SDKs in their desktop applications, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law: Type of Information Collected Purpose MAC address Used for device identification and attribution Windows Advertising ID Used for device identification and attribution CPU ID Used for device identification and attribution Information Collected By Other Parties Top As part of Branch’s Services, Branch’s Clients may direct certain of their vendors or business partners (such as an ad network or vendor) to provide certain Engagement Data to Branch on the Client’s behalf. How Does Branch Use Information Collected by Our Services? Top Data Branch collects through the Services is processed: to better understand how and from where Users come to download certain apps, what types of apps are popular, or to recognize browsers and devices that are likely to be operated by the same User.to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Branch Services we provide our Clients, including to support other Branch products and services, develop new products and services, and market products or services; to support the products and services of our Clients; and as permitted or required by applicable law. to fulfill Clients’ and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services including processing data at the Client’s direction and transferring User data to them. Branch does not control how Clients use information Branch discloses to Clients, and Users should read Clients’ Privacy Policies to understand how they use information they receive from Branch.to aggregate data across various sources, including data from various Clients or other parties.to create reports based on aggregated information, which is information that cannot reasonably be linked back to any individual person or Client and disclose these reports to the public.for anti-fraud protection and analysis relating to the Services to ensure more accurate attribution measurement, general fraud prevention, or where otherwise required by law. We may aggregate and/or de-identify the data we collect through the Services. After data has been aggregated and/or de-identified, Branch cannot use it to personally identify an individual. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any other parties, including business partners, Clients, and/or others. Our Clients’ Use of Information Top Our Clients may use the information collected via the Services to improve their Users’ app experiences, customize their apps to Users, and to better understand their app marketing programs and how Users discover their apps. For example, a User may want to disclose information about a hotel that she found in a travel app to a friend. When that User sends her friend a Branch link to that hotel, after clicking the link the friend is brought directly to the content relating to that hotel within the app, rather than landing on the app’s homepage and having to search for the hotel. The travel app would also gain insights and analytics as to how the content is being disclosed from its app. We require that our Clients utilize our Services responsibly and in accordance with our Terms & Conditions. Branch is not responsible for the data practices of any of our Clients through the Services or otherwise. Each Client’s practices are subject to each Client’s individual privacy policy. Users should review the privacy policy of each Client to understand how that Client uses User information collected through the Services. User Choices Top Branch recognizes a number of consumer choice mechanisms. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality may be degraded or no longer work as a result if you exercise certain of the opt-outs below. Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out: Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking here. This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer read or set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Cookie-based opt outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt out will not be effective on your mobile device. NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out: Branch is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) and adheres to its Code of Conduct. NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from interest-based advertising by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available here. Device-Based Opt-Out: You can submit a request to opt out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request here. Device Identifiers: To use your device’s privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings menu of your device to review and access the privacy controls made available on the device. Branch will only be able to collect information from the device as permitted by these settings. Client App Opt-out Controls: Branch‘s SDK Privacy Controlsallow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User’s data should not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User. Engagement Builder: Branch's Engagement Builder feature may be used to help Clients conduct re-engagement and re-targeting campaigns. We require that Clients using Branch’s Engagement Builder feature for such purposes respect User opt-out preferences passed to them by Branch. Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes What Information Does Branch Collect about Website Visitors and Potential Customers? Top Branch collects information from Website visitors (“you” or “Website Users”) located at www.branch.io ( the “Website”), which includes the dashboard provided to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. The types of information we may collect and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with us and the requirements of applicable law. Below are the legal bases and some of the ways we collect information and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below. What We Collect from Clients that Use the Website Top Branch collects Personal Data and non-personal data via the Website. For example, when Clients register to use our Services, we ask them to provide us with Personal Data, including first and last name and email address.Dashboard Information: Information we collect from visitors who register for an account on our dashboard includes the following, some of which is considered Personal Data under applicable law: Type of Information Collected Purpose IP Address Standard web HTTP request; may be used for limited security login controls Cookie (ours) Standard web cookie used for dashboard session management Cookie (other-party) Other-party web tracking tools used for business intelligence First, Last Name Used for team user identification Work Email Used as the primary login identifier Password Account registration, secure our Services and prevent fraud Account Holder Primary Role Account registration, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners User Agent Standard web browser user agent metadata; may be used for limited security login controls Referer Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for general internal business analytics Request Standard web HTTP request; may be used for general internal business analytics Github ID (optional) Can be used as a login method Billing information Payment account registration Log Data Provide the Services, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners, personalize our experience, secure our Services and prevent fraud, and defend our legal rights and comply with the law Account holder feedback Help us improve your experience on the account dashboard When a Client creates an account and uses the Services, Branch may collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Client is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g., browser type and version, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Client (“Log Data”). We also require Clients to set up a user ID and unique password for account security purposes. Clients must not disclose their passwords to anyone. Clients also have the option of adding other team members to their account. This account information enables us to set up an account for Clients, to provide the Services, and to otherwise manage Client accounts. We may also use this information to notify Clients about updates to our Services and provide them with promotional emails. We offer a mechanism to opt out from promotional emails as described in the “Opt-Out from Promotional Emails” section below. Account and Billing Information: To the extent that we charge a fee for the Services, we may also collect limited billing, payment, and contract information from Clients through our payment and contract vendors. Connection Information with Other Parties: Some features of the dashboard Services allow you to disclose your information through your accounts to other companies such as Facebook and Google. If you choose to connect Branch to such services provided by other parties, we may collect information related to your use of those services provided by other parties, such as authentication tokens that allow us to connect to your accounts with those other parties. We will ask you for permission before you authorize our collection of this information. We may also collect information about how you are using the Services to interact with those connected services. Information from Other Sources: In addition to the information collected through our Website, we or our vendors may obtain and disclose additional information, such as job title or contact information, from other public and non-public sources such as business websites, social networking platforms, or databases maintained by other parties. We use this information to better enable Branch to identify and contact businesses that might be interested in engaging our Services, and to gain a better understanding of a potential Client’s business needs. Communications with Branch: Some Website Users may provide Personal Data to Branch by sending us an email or filling out an online form on the Website. We use this information to answer their question(s), and may store that information for our record keeping, marketing, and advertising purposes. Research/Survey Solicitations: From time to time, we may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage vendors to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns and/or promotional activities.Cookies, Pixels and Web Beacons: We also collect other data via the Website from Website Users, including Website Users employed by or affiliated with Clients, through cookies and/or web beacons. Such information, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law, may include IP address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, how you browse and navigate the Website, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to the Website, the referring URL, and your computer’s operating system. For example, we may collect on a real-time basis information on how you use and navigate the Website. If you permit the use of cookies and web beacons when you visit and continue to use the Website, we will collect information through those tools. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website and web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Website or in our emails. Cookies help us improve your experience on the Website as well as our marketing activities. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Website. For more information about cookies and web beacons, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/. For more information about how to opt-out of cookies and web beacons after you have consented to their use, see the “Opt-out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons” section below. How Does Branch Use the Information Collected? Top Branch processes the data described in the section above for the following purposes: to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Website;to fulfill your and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services;to send information about the Services including confirmations, invoices, payment processing, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;to communicate about products and services offered by Branch and Branch's selected partners. We receive opt-in consent to send promotional and marketing messages to Website Users where required by applicable law. You can opt-out of receiving these messages at any time as described below in the section titled: “Opt-out from Promotional Emails”; to conduct research;to manage your information and account, to improve and administer our Website, to contact Website Users to answer questions or resolve problems, or to verify your identity;to conduct research to help us to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new products, processes and services;for ad delivery and reporting purposes and to create data and analytics products and services;to make the Website easier to use by reducing the need for Clients and Website Users to enter information; for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide data to us;with your consent; orwhere Branch otherwise has a legitimate interest in collecting the data, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, product improvement, anti-fraud protection, protecting the safety of us, our Website Users, or other parties, or where required by law. Opt-Out & Do Not Track - Your Choice Mechanisms Top In some cases, we rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you. In those cases, and where you have consented to Branch's processing of your Personal Data in connection with your use of the Website, you may withdraw that consent at any time by following the instructions below. Additionally, before we use Personal Data collected with your consent for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will provide information regarding the new purpose and ask for your consent for the new purpose. Where your consent for the processing of Personal Data is otherwise required by law or contract, we will comply with the law or contract. In other cases, we do not rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you (for example, if we have a different legal basis to process that data). Opt Out from Promotional Emails Top You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails, or by filling out this form. You can also opt-out of certain categories of emails using this form. If you opt-out using any of these tools, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as certain updates about your account or updates to our Terms & Conditions and this Privacy Policy and/or use of the Services. Opt Out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons Top We will only use cookies consistent with your cookie settings and permissions granted on our Website. If you permit us to use cookies/web beacons as discussed above (“What Information Does Branch Collect from our Website”), but would like to opt-out: For dashboard users, visit https://dashboard.branch.io/account-settings/user, and toggle off “Cookie Consent”. For all other users, click on “Cookie Consent” at the bottom right-hand corner of our homepage ( https://branch.io/), and click on the opt-out link.Also, you can choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. To exercise the "Do Not Track" settings available on certain web browsers, please visit the privacy settings of your browser. Where Branch is able to see that such a selection has been made, we will not use information collected from that device to target advertising on that browser. Dashboard users must use the “Cookie Consent” feature to revoke permission to place cookies. Please note that "Do Not Track" is a different privacy mechanism than the Global Privacy Control browser choice referenced below. Note that, even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-personal data regarding your activities on our Website. This also does not opt you out of being served advertising altogether; you will continue to receive generic advertisements. Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website Top The Website utilizes tracking tools from vendors, which may enable these vendors to analyze our Website traffic for analytics purposes. Some of these vendors may collect information from this Website for retargeting and interest-based advertising purposes. For more information about these forms of ad targeting and to understand your right to opt-out from these practices, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/. All of these tools are hosted by the parties who provide them, and your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the parties providing them. These tools include, but are not limited to, those below. Google . We may use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Website, and to develop website content. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. You can opt-out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Website by going to http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Mixpanel . We use a service provided by Mixpanel, Inc. (“Mixpanel”) to provide us with analytics data regarding Website Users’ interactions with our Website and Services. You may opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data that is collected while using the Services by visiting https://mixpanel.com/optout/. To track opt-outs, Mixpanel uses a persistent opt-out cookie placed on your device. Please note that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter the browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), you may delete the Mixpanel opt-out cookie. Facebook. We may use certain tools offered by Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”) that enable it to collect or receive information about actions Website Users take on our Website through use of cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies or in order to provide measurement services, targeted ads and other services. For more information regarding the collection and use of such information by Facebook, please see the Facebook Data Policy, available at: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php. Drift . We use certain tools offered by Drift to power our Website’s live-chat experience. If you provide information about yourself through that live-chat experience, then we may store that information for marketing purposes. Drift may also infer information about the company that you work for you based on your IP address. Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website When does Branch Disclose Information? Top In addition to the ways described in our Terms & Conditions and this Privacy Policy, Branch may also disclose information to others under the following circumstances: With vendors, consultants and other parties who work for us and need access to information we collect to do that work.With our Clients and their agents, as described in this Policy.To other parties (such as advertising networks or vendors used by our Clients), as directed by our Clients.To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual, prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person. To protect the rights and property of Branch, our agents, Clients, Users, Website Users, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies, and Terms & Conditions.To Branch’s subsidiaries and affiliates as necessary to help us provide, support, and maintain the Services.In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. Updating Your Information and Contact Preferences Top We provide Clients with a mechanism to access, review and update information via the dashboard.If you wish to review or update your information, please visit branch.io and login using the username and password you created. Next, please select “Account Settings” which can be found in the lower left corner of the dashboard screen, then select the “User” tab near the top. If you would like to delete your account, please email support@branch.io We Secure the Information We Collect Top Securing the information provided by our Clients and collected through our Website is important to us. Branch has implemented industry-standard technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help protect the information on our servers against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your own passwords. If you have reason to believe that your passwords or Personal Data are no longer secure, please promptly notify us at privacy@branch.io Our Data Retention Policy Top For our Services: Branch stores the information collected by our Services (see the “What Information Does Branch Collect from our Services?” section above) so long as our systems continue to encounter that User. After that User has been inactive for 30 days (or 90 days for specific attribution products), identifiers collected from that User will be deleted unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client. Usage activity logs, which are used for the purpose of reporting and analytics, are stored in an identifiable form for no more than 7 days (or up to 60 days as determined by the Client or for specific fields), after which these logs are removed or pseudonymized. Any and all pseudonymized logs are deleted after 12 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client. Aggregated reporting metrics disclosed to Clients are retained (in aggregate and anonymized form) for up to 24 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client. Branch may retain information collected by our Services beyond these periods for fraud prevention, analysis, or response, or to protect the safety of Branch, its Clients, Users or the public. For the Website: We store Personal Data such as email address or billing details for so long as you continue to have a business relationship with Branch and for a reasonable time thereafter for record-keeping purposes. If applicable to you, you may ask us to delete that information as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below or pursuant to your right of erasure as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below. Links to Other Websites Top The Website and/or Services may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website and/or Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by Branch, and we do not endorse or make any representations about websites or social media platforms operated by other parties. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that you interact with. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk. International Data Transfers Top All information collected via the Website and Services is stored on servers located in the United States. In the process of providing the Services, we may transfer information across borders from other countries or jurisdictions into the United States. Data protection laws in the United States may differ from your country, and the data Branch processes may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities under certain circumstances. By using the Services, each Client and Website User consents to the transfer and processing of information to the U.S. in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data transfers from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland are transferred on the basis of legal mechanisms approved by the European Commission and other relevant authorities for cross-border data transfers, such as Standard Contractual Clauses or the Privacy Shield mechanism discussed in the “Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States” section below. Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States Top Branch complies with the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data from European Union member countries (including European Economic Area member countries), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield.Branch recognizes that the Court of Justice of the European Union ruled in July 2020 that a certification under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework no longer can serve as the basis by which entities subject to the GDPR export personal data to jurisdictions outside the European Economic Area, and that the Swiss Data Protection Authority similarly held the Swiss-US Privacy Shield inadequate. Branch will continue to honor its obligation to comply with the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to data that was transferred pursuant to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov. Branch no longer relies on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield to transfer data that originated in the EEA or the United Kingdom to the U.S. Branch is subject to the investigatory and enforcement authority of the US Federal Trade Commission. Pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks we are obliged to inform EU, UK, and Swiss individuals whose data is being transferred into the United States that we may be required to release Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements. Branch remains liable for the onward transfer of EU, UK, and Swiss personal data to other parties pursuant to the Privacy Shield unless we can prove we were not a party to the actions giving rise to the damages. We acknowledge the right of EU, UK, and Swiss individuals to access their Personal Data pursuant to the Privacy Shield. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals wishing to exercise this right may do so by contacting privacy@branch.io. In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Branch commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. European Union, UK, and Swiss individuals with Privacy Shield inquiries or complaints should first contact Branch at: Branch Metrics, Inc. 195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101 Palo Alto, CA 94306 or by email at privacy@branch.io Branch has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit http://www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you. If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction. Data Subject Rights Top California Consumer Privacy Act The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to natural persons who are residents of California. Our CCPA privacy notice is available here. Rights of Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom The European General Data Protection Regulation of 2018 (“GDPR”) and equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (“UK Data Protection Law”) provides certain rights to residents of Europe. Information on how you can exercise rights under the GDPR and UK Data Protection Law are set forth here. Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) provides certain rights to residents of Brazil. Information on how you can exercise rights under the LGPD are set forth here. Our Policy Regarding Children Top Services: The Branch Services are not directed to children. We require that Clients agree to not send to us data relating to any children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16). If you are a Client and want to learn more about Branch SDK Privacy Controls that you can use in your compliance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), GDPR, or any other applicable law, please contact privacy@branch.io. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) in violation of applicable law, please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any information that it may have been provided inappropriately as required by law. Website: The Branch Website is not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect through the Website Personal Data from anyone under the age of 16.If you are under 16, please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under 16 may provide any Personal Data to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected any such data from a child under 16 through our Website, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any inappropriately obtained information as required by law. Contact Us, Questions, Changes to This Privacy Policy Top We may change this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion. We will post all changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of the page the modified Privacy Policy’s effective date. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: Branch Metrics, Inc. 195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101 Palo Alto, CA 94306 or by email at info@branch.io Compliance Top This Privacy Policy shall be implemented by Branch and all its operating divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates. Branch has put in place mechanisms to verify ongoing compliance with this Privacy Policy. Effective January 1, 2023 to February 24, 2023 Table of Contents Privacy Policy The Branch Guiding Privacy Principles Top We limit the data we collect. We practice data minimization, which means that we take steps to avoid collecting or storing information that we don’t need to provide our services. The personal data that we collect to provide our services is limited to data like advertising identifiers, IP address, and information derived from resettable cookies (the full list is below in our privacy policy). We do not collect or store information such as names, email addresses, physical addresses, or SSNs to provide our services. Nor do we want to. In fact, our Terms & Conditions prohibit our customers from providing Branch with any kind of sensitive end-user information. We will only provide you with data about actual end-user activity on your apps or websites. Customers who subscribe to our linking and analytics platform can only access “earned” cookies or identifiers. This means that an end user must visit a customer’s site before our customer can see the cookie; and an end user must download a customer’s app in order for Branch to collect the end user’s advertising identifier for that customer. In short, the Branch services benefit customers who already have seen an end user across their platforms and want to understand the relationship between those web visits and app sessions. We do not rent or sell customer end user data. No Branch customer can access another Branch customer’s end-user data. And we are not in the business of renting or selling any customer’s end-user data to anyone else. To enable customers to control their end-user personal data, they can request deletion here of that data at any time, whether in bulk or for a specific end user. These controls are available to customers worldwide, although we designed them to comply with the CCPA and GDPR requirements. Introduction Top Collection and Use of Information from Our Services: This section explains how Branch collects and uses information about Users in connection with our linking and analytics products and services (the " Branch Services " or the " Services "). Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes: This section explains how we collect and use information about our website visitors through our website located at branch.io (the “ Website ”), which includes the dashboard we provide to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. So, if you are a Client using our Branch dashboard, this section applies to the data we collect from you. It also explains how we collect information about potential Clients from vendors and other sources to enhance our marketing efforts. Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website: This section lays out the parts of the Branch Privacy Policy that apply to both the Services and to the Website. Collection and Use of Information from Our Services What Information Does Branch Collect from Our Services? Top The Branch Services: Overview Top To support Clients in implementing deep linking, which uses Branch’s connection information in real time to improve the User experience. For example, if a User clicks on a link in an email or ad to a specific page in a Client’s app, Branch helps the User get to that page after they download the app.To report individualized and aggregated analytics metrics about the performance of the Client’s product and marketing initiatives to the Client directly. For example, Branch can tell a Client how many Users that downloaded an app or that went to a specific page in an app came from clicking on a specific link, and provide corresponding advertising or other identifiers. To assist the Client by presenting real time, targeted messaging to their Users depending on past behavior observed across the Client’s tracked platforms with the purpose of driving more engagement to the Client. For example, Branch can use Branch Mechanisms to provide a tailored message like a coupon code or special offer in your website to users who have interacted with your app and/or website in the past. Information Collected By Branch Links and Pixels Top Information Collected by Branch SDKs Top Information Collected By Other Parties Top How Does Branch Use Information Collected by Our Services? Top to better understand how and from where Users come to download certain apps, what types of apps are popular, or to recognize browsers and devices that are likely to be operated by the same User. to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Branch Services we provide our Clients, including to support other Branch products and services, develop new products and services, and market products or services; to support the products and services of our Clients; and as permitted or required by applicable law. to fulfill Clients’ and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services including processing data at the Client’s direction and transferring User data to them. Branch does not control how Clients use information Branch discloses to Clients, and Users should read Clients’ Privacy Policies to understand how they use information they receive from Branch. to aggregate data across various sources, including data from various Clients or other parties. to create reports based on aggregated information, which is information that cannot reasonably be linked back to any individual person or Client and disclose these reports to the public. for anti-fraud protection and analysis relating to the Services to ensure more accurate attribution measurement, general fraud prevention, or where otherwise required by law. Our Clients’ Use of Information User Choices Top Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes What Information Does Branch Collect about Website Visitors and Potential Customers? Top What We Collect from Clients that Use the Website Top How Does Branch Use the Information Collected? Top to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Website; to fulfill your and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services; to send information about the Services including confirmations, invoices, payment processing, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages; to communicate about products and services offered by Branch and Branch's selected partners. We receive opt-in consent to send promotional and marketing messages to Website Users where required by applicable law. You can opt-out of receiving these messages at any time as described below in the section titled: “Opt-out from Promotional Emails”; to conduct research; to manage your information and account, to improve and administer our Website, to contact Website Users to answer questions or resolve problems, or to verify your identity; to conduct research to help us to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new products, processes and services; for ad delivery and reporting purposes and to create data and analytics products and services; to make the Website easier to use by reducing the need for Clients and Website Users to enter information; for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide data to us; with your consent; or where Branch otherwise has a legitimate interest in collecting the data, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, product improvement, anti-fraud protection, protecting the safety of us, our Website Users, or other parties, or where required by law. Opt-Out & Do Not Track - Your Choice Mechanisms Top Opt Out from Promotional Emails Top Opt Out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons Top For dashboard users, visit https://dashboard.branch.io/account-settings/user , and toggle off “Cookie Consent”. For all other users, click on “Cookie Consent” at the bottom right-hand corner of our homepage ( https://branch.io/ ), and click on the opt-out link.Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website Top Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website When does Branch Disclose Information? Top With vendors, consultants and other parties who work for us and need access to information we collect to do that work. With our Clients and their agents, as described in this Policy. To other parties (such as advertising networks or vendors used by our Clients), as directed by our Clients. To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual, prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person. To protect the rights and property of Branch, our agents, Clients, Users, Website Users, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies, and Terms & Conditions. To Branch’s subsidiaries and affiliates as necessary to help us provide, support, and maintain the Services. In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. Updating Your Information and Contact Preferences Top We Secure the Information We Collect Top Our Data Retention Policy Top Links to Other Websites Top International Data Transfers Top Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States Top Data Subject Rights Top Our Policy Regarding Children Top Contact Us, Questions, Changes to This Privacy Policy Compliance Top Effective December 29, 2022 to January 1, 2023 Table of Contents Privacy Policy The Branch Guiding Privacy Principles Top We are a linking and analytics platform for app and website developers. And we are proud of our commitment to providing our services in a privacy-first way. So we thought it would be helpful to lay out, in plain English, the Branch Guiding Privacy Principles that drive how we’ve chosen to design our services with privacy as a top priority. We further describe our privacy practices in the official Privacy Policy below this section, but we hope you’ll find this summary of our principles helpful. We limit the data we collect. We practice data minimization, which means that we take steps to avoid collecting or storing information that we don’t need to provide our services. The personal data that we collect to provide our services is limited to data like advertising identifiers, IP address, and information derived from resettable cookies (the full list is below in our privacy policy). We do not collect or store information such as names, email addresses, physical addresses, or SSNs to provide our services. Nor do we want to. In fact, our Terms & Conditions prohibit our customers from providing Branch with any kind of sensitive end-user information. We will only provide you with data about actual end-user activity on your apps or websites. Customers who subscribe to our linking and analytics platform can only access “earned” cookies or identifiers. This means that an end user must visit a customer’s site before our customer can see the cookie; and an end user must download a customer’s app in order for Branch to collect the end user’s advertising identifier for that customer. In short, the Branch services benefit customers who already have seen an end user across their platforms and want to understand the relationship between those web visits and app sessions. We do not rent or sell customer end user data. No Branch customer can access another Branch customer’s end-user data. And we are not in the business of renting or selling any customer’s end-user data to anyone else. To enable customers to control their end-user personal data, they can request deletion here of that data at any time, whether in bulk or for a specific end user. These controls are available to customers worldwide, although we designed them to comply with the CCPA and GDPR requirements. Beyond these principles stated above, Branch will continue to find ways to design our services to respect end user privacy. We’re committed to making sure our customers understand how we use data they entrust to us and how they can control it so that they can, in turn, be transparent with their end users. Introduction Top Branch Metrics, Inc. ( "Branch" , "us" , "our" or "we" ) offers a linking and analytics platform enabling developers of applications (our " Clients ")--whether those applications are websites or "apps," and across different types of devices--to improve their end users’ (" Users ") cross-application experiences, and to derive additional insights into how their Users download and utilize those applications.Branch recognizes and believes that data privacy is important to all Internet users, and therefore we design and operate our services in a privacy-first manner. This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts: Collection and Use of Information from Our Services: This section explains how Branch collects and uses information about Users in connection with our linking and analytics products and services (the " Branch Services " or the " Services "). Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes: This section explains how we collect and use information about our website visitors through our website located at branch.io (the “ Website ”), which includes the dashboard we provide to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. So, if you are a Client using our Branch dashboard, this section applies to the data we collect from you. It also explains how we collect information about potential Clients from vendors and other sources to enhance our marketing efforts. Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website: This section lays out the parts of the Branch Privacy Policy that apply to both the Services and to the Website. Collection and Use of Information from Our Services What Information Does Branch Collect from Our Services? Top Below, we explain what information we collect on behalf of our Clients through the Services, and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below. The Branch Services: Overview Branch provides a variety of Services intended to help Clients understand the use of their digital properties by their Users across a wide array of platforms, devices and applications. Branch helps Clients by connecting User interactions across siloed applications (email, SMS, web browsers, social platforms, native applications and others), so that Clients understand the multiple steps that a User took to ultimately complete a transaction with the Client. The Client can use this information to better inform marketing and product decisions as well as to provide improved user experiences by using their knowledge of continuity. Branch has no direct relationship with Users. Branch’s Services are provided when Branch Clients install on their platforms “Branch Mechanisms” (including links, pixels, direct platform integrations, etc.) that capture User action on behalf of the Client. Using the information collected from these Branch Mechanisms, Branch uses a variety of attribution techniques to connect User actions across different channels and platforms. Some of these attribution techniques include a direct pass-through of identifiers from platform to platform, creating and storing identifiers unique to the Branch platform to connect User actions and identifiers together, and predictive modeling algorithms using real-time and historical data parameters observed from User interactions where there are no shared identifiers available, as well as using historical connections Branch has derived over time using our technology. In some cases, these connections are made without the use of cookies. These techniques help Clients match Users with devices they use, including matching the same User across multiple devices. The key use cases of Branch’s Services are: To support Clients in implementing deep linking, which uses Branch’s connection information in real time to improve the User experience.For example, if a User clicks on a link in an email or ad to a specific page in a Client’s app, Branch helps the User get to that page after they download the app.To report individualized and aggregated analytics metrics about the performance of the Client’s product and marketing initiatives to the Client directly.For example, Branch can tell a Client how many Users that downloaded an app or that went to a specific page in an app came from clicking on a specific link, and provide corresponding advertising or other identifiers. To assist the Client by presenting real time, targeted messaging to their Users depending on past behavior observed across the Client’s tracked platforms with the purpose of driving more engagement to the Client.For example, Branch can use Branch Mechanisms to provide a tailored message like a coupon code or special offer in your website to users who have interacted with your app and/or website in the past. Branch requires that each Client commit to disclose to Branch only information that it has lawfully obtained (including, where necessary, by obtaining consent from Users), and that it has the right to disclose to Branch. We strongly discourage Clients from disclosing sensitive User information with us, as such information is not necessary for the provision of the Services, and we prohibit them from providing us with data relating to children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16). In the charts below, we summarize the information collected automatically by the Services.Information Collected By Branch Links and Pixels Branch collects the following information from URLs created by the Client (i.e., Branch Links) and pixels placed on Client websites. Branch Links may be embedded into QR Codes as configured by the Client. Some of this information is considered personal data under applicable law (in other words, information that itself may identify a unique individual or can be linked back to an individual) (“ Personal Data ”). Type of Information Collected Purpose IP Address Standard web HTTP request; used for attribution and to understand general location Cookie Standard web cookies, used for device identification and attribution Link Data Metadata controlled by the Client, which may be used to interpret the data for reporting, or for analytics User Agent Standard web browser user agent metadata; used for device identification and attribution Referer Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics Request Standard web HTTP request Engagement Data Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the webpage from which such ads were displayed, and webpages on Client’s website visited by a User. Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their website (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.). Information Collected by Branch SDKs SDKs are Software Development Kits that include code that allows Clients to use the Branch Services. The Branch Mobile App SDKs, Web SDKs, and Over-the-Top (OTT) SDKs collect the following information when Clients use these SDKs in their applications or websites, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law: Type of Information Collected Purpose Advertising identifier (e.g., GAID, Android ID, IDFA, IDFV, RIDA) Used for device identification and attribution Branch Cookie ID Used for device identification and attribution IP Address Standard web HTTP request; used for device identification, attribution, and to understand general location Referer Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics Central Processing Unit (CPU) Type Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution System build version Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Internet connection type Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Application version Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Device model Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Manufacturer Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Operating system Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Operating system version Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Screen size (height, width) Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Screen resolution Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Mobile network status (Wi-Fi, etc.) Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Device locale (country and language) Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Local IP address Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Mobile platform Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Branch SDK version Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Developer ID (optional) Client-supplied unique identifier; metadata feature Used for device identification and attribution Carrier ID Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Engagement Data Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the application page from which such ads were displayed, pages on Client’s application visited by a User, downloads, opt-in status for certain tracking mechanisms, and installations of applications. Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their application (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.).In addition to the information identified above, the Branch Desktop SDKs collect the following identifiers when Clients use these SDKs in their desktop applications, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law: Type of Information Collected Purpose MAC address Used for device identification and attribution Windows Advertising ID Used for device identification and attribution CPU ID Used for device identification and attribution Information Collected By Other Parties As part of Branch’s Services, Branch’s Clients may direct certain of their vendors or business partners (such as an ad network or vendor) to provide certain Engagement Data to Branch on the Client’s behalf. How Does Branch Use Information Collected by Our Services? Top Data Branch collects through the Services is processed: to better understand how and from where Users come to download certain apps, what types of apps are popular, or to recognize browsers and devices that are likely to be operated by the same User.to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Branch Services we provide our Clients, including to support other Branch products and services, develop new products and services, and market products or services; to support the products and services of our Clients; and as permitted or required by applicable law. to fulfill Clients’ and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services including processing data at the Client’s direction and transferring User data to them. Branch does not control how Clients use information Branch discloses to Clients, and Users should read Clients’ Privacy Policies to understand how they use information they receive from Branch.to aggregate data across various sources, including data from various Clients or other parties.to create reports based on aggregated information, which is information that cannot reasonably be linked back to any individual person or Client and disclose these reports to the public. for anti-fraud protection and analysis relating to the Services to ensure more accurate attribution measurement, general fraud prevention, or where otherwise required by law. We may aggregate and/or de-identify the data we collect through the Services. After data has been aggregated and/or de-identified, Branch cannot use it to personally identify an individual. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also disclose such data to any other parties, including business partners, Clients, and/or others. Our Clients’ Use of Information Top Our Clients may use the information collected via the Services to improve their Users’ app experiences, customize their apps to Users, and to better understand their app marketing programs and how Users discover their apps. For example, a User may want to disclose information about a hotel that she found in a travel app to a friend. When that User sends her friend a Branch link to that hotel, after clicking the link the friend is brought directly to the content relating to that hotel within the app, rather than landing on the app’s homepage and having to search for the hotel. The travel app would also gain insights and analytics as to how the content is being disclosed from its app. We require that our Clients utilize our Services responsibly and in accordance with our Terms & Conditions . Branch is not responsible for the data practices of any of our Clients through the Services or otherwise. Each Client’s practices are subject to each Client’s individual privacy policy. Users should review the privacy policy of each Client to understand how that Client uses User information collected through the Services. User Choices Top Branch recognizes a number of consumer choice mechanisms. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality may be degraded or no longer work as a result if you exercise certain of the opt-outs below. Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out: Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking here . This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer read or set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Cookie-based opt outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt out will not be effective on your mobile device. NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out: Branch is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) and adheres to its Code of Conduct. NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from interest-based advertising by participating NAI members, including Branch.That opt-out is available here Device-Based Opt-Out: You can submit a request to opt out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request here Device Identifiers: To use your device’s privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings menu of your device to review and access the privacy controls made available on the device. Branch will only be able to collect information from the device as permitted by these settings. Client App Opt-out Controls: Branch‘s SDK Privacy Controls allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User’s data should not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User. Engagement Builder: Branch's Engagement Builder feature may be used to help Clients conduct re-engagement and re-targeting campaigns. We require that Clients using Branch’s Engagement Builder feature for such purposes respect User opt-out preferences passed to them by Branch. Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes What Information Does Branch Collect about Website Visitors and Potential Customers? Top Branch collects information from Website visitors ( “you” or “Website Users” ) located at www.branch.io ( the “Website” ), which includes the dashboard provided to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. The types of information we may collect and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with us and the requirements of applicable law. Below are the legal bases and some of the ways we collect information and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below. What We Collect from Clients that Use the Website Branch collects Personal Data and non-personal data via the Website. For example, when Clients register to use our Services, we ask them to provide us with Personal Data, including first and last name and email address. Dashboard Information: Information we collect from visitors who register for an account on our dashboard includes the following, some of which is considered Personal Data under applicable law: Type of Information Collected Purpose IP Address Standard web HTTP request; may be used for limited security login controls Cookie (ours) Standard web cookie used for dashboard session management Cookie (other-party) Other-party web tracking tools used for business intelligence First, Last Name Used for team user identification Work Email Used as the primary login identifier Password Account registration, secure our Services and prevent fraud Account Holder Primary Role Account registration, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners User Agent Standard web browser user agent metadata; may be used for limited security login controls Referer Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for general internal business analytics Request Standard web HTTP request; may be used for general internal business analytics Github ID (optional) Can be used as a login method Billing information Payment account registration Log Data Provide the Services, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners, personalize our experience, secure our Services and prevent fraud, and defend our legal rights and comply with the law Account holder feedback Help us improve your experience on the account dashboard When a Client creates an account and uses the Services, Branch may collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Client is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g., browser type and version, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Client (“Log Data”). We also require Clients to set up a user ID and unique password for account security purposes. Clients must not disclose their passwords to anyone. Clients also have the option of adding other team members to their account. This account information enables us to set up an account for Clients, to provide the Services, and to otherwise manage Client accounts. We may also use this information to notify Clients about updates to our Services and provide them with promotional emails. We offer a mechanism to opt out from promotional emails as described in the “Opt-Out from Promotional Emails” section below. Account and Billing Information: To the extent that we charge a fee for the Services, we may also collect limited billing, payment, and contract information from Clients through our payment and contract vendors.Connection Information with Other Parties: Some features of the dashboard Services allow you to disclose your information through your accounts to other companies such as Facebook and Google. If you choose to connect Branch to such services provided by other parties, we may collect information related to your use of those services provided by other parties, such as authentication tokens that allow us to connect to your accounts with those other parties. We will ask you for permission before you authorize our collection of this information. We may also collect information about how you are using the Services to interact with those connected services. Information from Other Sources: In addition to the information collected through our Website, we or our vendors may obtain and disclose additional information, such as job title or contact information, from other public and non-public sources such as business websites, social networking platforms, or databases maintained by other parties. We use this information to better enable Branch to identify and contact businesses that might be interested in engaging our Services, and to gain a better understanding of a potential Client’s business needs. Communications with Branch: Some Website Users may provide Personal Data to Branch by sending us an email or filling out an online form on the Website. We use this information to answer their question(s), and may store that information for our record keeping, marketing, and advertising purposes. Research/Survey Solicitations: From time to time, we may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage vendors to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns and/or promotional activities. Cookies, Pixels and Web Beacons: We also collect other data via the Website from Website Users, including Website Users employed by or affiliated with Clients, through cookies and/or web beacons. Such information, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law, may include IP address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, how you browse and navigate the Website, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to the Website, the referring URL, and your computer’s operating system. For example, we may collect on a real-time basis information on how you use and navigate the Website. If you permit the use of cookies and web beacons when you visit and continue to use the Website, we will collect information through those tools. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website and web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Website or in our emails. Cookies help us improve your experience on the Website as well as our marketing activities. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Website. For more information about cookies and web beacons, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ . For more information about how to opt-out of cookies and web beacons after you have consented to their use, see the “Opt-out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons” section below. How Does Branch Use the Information Collected? Top Branch processes the data described in the section above for the following purposes: to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Website;to fulfill your and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services;to send information about the Services including confirmations, invoices, payment processing, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;to communicate about products and services offered by Branch and Branch's selected partners. We receive opt-in consent to send promotional and marketing messages to Website Users where required by applicable law.You can opt-out of receiving these messages at any time as described below in the section titled: “Opt-out from Promotional Emails”; to conduct research;to manage your information and account, to improve and administer our Website, to contact Website Users to answer questions or resolve problems, or to verify your identity;to conduct research to help us to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new products, processes and services;for ad delivery and reporting purposes and to create data and analytics products and services;to make the Website easier to use by reducing the need for Clients and Website Users to enter information; for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide data to us;with your consent; orwhere Branch otherwise has a legitimate interest in collecting the data, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, product improvement, anti-fraud protection, protecting the safety of us, our Website Users, or other parties, or where required by law. Opt-Out & Do Not Track - Your Choice Mechanisms Top In some cases, we rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you. In those cases, and where you have consented to Branch's processing of your Personal Data in connection with your use of the Website, you may withdraw that consent at any time by following the instructions below. Additionally, before we use Personal Data collected with your consent for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will provide information regarding the new purpose and ask for your consent for the new purpose. Where your consent for the processing of Personal Data is otherwise required by law or contract, we will comply with the law or contract. In other cases, we do not rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you (for example, if we have a different legal basis to process that data). Opt Out from Promotional Emails You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails, or by filling out this form . You can also opt-out of certain categories of emails using this form . If you opt-out using any of these tools, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as certain updates about your account or updates to our Terms & Conditions and this Privacy Policy and/or use of the Services. Opt Out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons We will only use cookies consistent with your cookie settings and permissions granted on our Website. If you permit us to use cookies/web beacons as discussed above (“What Information Does Branch Collect from our Website”), but would like to opt-out: For dashboard users, visit https://dashboard.branch.io/account-settings/user , and toggle off “Cookie Consent”. For all other users, click on “Cookie Consent” at the bottom right-hand corner of our homepage (https://branch.io/ ), and click on the opt-out link. Also, you can choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. To exercise the "Do Not Track" settings available on certain web browsers, please visit the privacy settings of your browser. Where Branch is able to see that such a selection has been made, we will not use information collected from that device to target advertising on that browser. Dashboard users must use the “Cookie Consent” feature to revoke permission to place cookies. Please note that "Do Not Track" is a different privacy mechanism than the Global Privacy Control browser choice referenced below. Note that, even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-personal data regarding your activities on our Website. This also does not opt you out of being served advertising altogether; you will continue to receive generic advertisements. Vendor Tools/Analytics on the Website Top The Website utilizes tracking tools from vendors, which may enable these vendors to analyze our Website traffic for analytics purposes. Some of these vendors may collect information from this Website for retargeting and interest-based advertising purposes. For more information about these forms of ad targeting and to understand your right to opt-out from these practices, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ . All of these tools are hosted by the parties who provide them, and your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the parties providing them. These tools include, but are not limited to, those below. Google . We may use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Website, and to develop website content. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ . You can opt-out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Website by going to http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout Mixpanel . We use a service provided by Mixpanel, Inc.(“Mixpanel”) to provide us with analytics data regarding Website Users’ interactions with our Website and Services. You may opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data that is collected while using the Services by visiting https://mixpanel.com/optout/ . To track opt-outs, Mixpanel uses a persistent opt-out cookie placed on your device. Please note that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter the browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), you may delete the Mixpanel opt-out cookie. Facebook . We may use certain tools offered by Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”) that enable it to collect or receive information about actions Website Users take on our Website through use of cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies or in order to provide measurement services, targeted ads and other services. For more information regarding the collection and use of such information by Facebook, please see the Facebook Data Policy, available at: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php Drift . We use certain tools offered by Drift to power our Website’s live-chat experience. If you provide information about yourself through that live-chat experience, then we may store that information for marketing purposes. Drift may also infer information about the company that you work for you based on your IP address. Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website When does Branch Disclose Information? Top In addition to the ways described in our Terms & Conditions and this Privacy Policy, Branch may also disclose information to others under the following circumstances: With vendors, consultants and other parties who work for us and need access to information we collect to do that work.With our Clients and their agents, as described in this Policy.To other parties (such as advertising networks or vendors used by our Clients), as directed by our Clients.To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual, prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person. To protect the rights and property of Branch, our agents, Clients, Users, Website Users, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies, and Terms & Conditions.To Branch’s subsidiaries and affiliates as necessary to help us provide, support, and maintain the Services.In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. Updating Your Information and Contact Preferences Top We provide Clients with a mechanism to access, review and update information via the dashboard. If you wish to review or update your information, please visit branch.io and login using the username and password you created. Next, please select “Account Settings” which can be found in the lower left corner of the dashboard screen, then select the “User” tab near the top. If you would like to delete your account, please email support@branch.io We Secure the Information We Collect Top Securing the information provided by our Clients and collected through our Website is important to us. Branch has implemented industry-standard technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help protect the information on our servers against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your own passwords. If you have reason to believe that your passwords or Personal Data are no longer secure, please promptly notify us at privacy@branch.io Our Data Retention Policy Top For our Services: Branch stores the information collected by our Services (see the “What Information Does Branch Collect from our Services?” section above) so long as our systems continue to encounter that User. After that User has been inactive for 30 days (or 90 days for specific attribution products), identifiers collected from that User will be deleted unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client. Usage activity logs, which are used for the purpose of reporting and analytics, are stored in an identifiable form for no more than 7 days (or up to 60 days as determined by the Client or for specific fields), after which these logs are removed or pseudonymized. Any and all pseudonymized logs are deleted after 12 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client. Aggregated reporting metrics disclosed to Clients are retained (in aggregate and anonymized form) for up to 24 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client.Branch may retain information collected by our Services beyond these periods for fraud prevention, analysis, or response, or to protect the safety of Branch, its Clients, Users or the public. For the Website: We store Personal Data such as email address or billing details for so long as you continue to have a business relationship with Branch and for a reasonable time thereafter for record-keeping purposes. If applicable to you, you may ask us to delete that information as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below or pursuant to your right of erasure as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below. Links to Other Websites Top The Website and/or Services may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website and/or Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by Branch, and we do not endorse or make any representations about websites or social media platforms operated by other parties. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that you interact with. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk. International Data Transfers Top All information collected via the Website and Services is stored on servers located in the United States. In the process of providing the Services, we may transfer information across borders from other countries or jurisdictions into the United States. Data protection laws in the United States may differ from your country, and the data Branch processes may be accessible to law enforcement and national security authorities under certain circumstances. By using the Services, each Client and Website User consents to the transfer and processing of information to the U.S. in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data transfers from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland are transferred on the basis of legal mechanisms approved by the European Commission and other relevant authorities for cross-border data transfers, such as Standard Contractual Clauses or the Privacy Shield mechanism discussed in the “Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States” section below. Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States Top Branch complies with the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data from European Union member countries (including European Economic Area member countries), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. Branch recognizes that the Court of Justice of the European Union ruled in July 2020 that a certification under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework no longer can serve as the basis by which entities subject to the GDPR export personal data to jurisdictions outside the European Economic Area, and that the Swiss Data Protection Authority similarly held the Swiss-US Privacy Shield inadequate. Branch will continue to honor its obligation to comply with the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to data that was transferred pursuant to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov Branch no longer relies on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield to transfer data that originated in the EEA or the United Kingdom to the U.S. Branch is subject to the investigatory and enforcement authority of the US Federal Trade Commission. Pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks we are obliged to inform EU, UK, and Swiss individuals whose data is being transferred into the United States that we may be required to release Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements. Branch remains liable for the onward transfer of EU, UK, and Swiss personal data to other parties pursuant to the Privacy Shield unless we can prove we were not a party to the actions giving rise to the damages. We acknowledge the right of EU, UK, and Swiss individuals to access their Personal Data pursuant to the Privacy Shield. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals wishing to exercise this right may do so by contacting privacy@branch.io In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Branch commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield.European Union, UK, and Swiss individuals with Privacy Shield inquiries or complaints should first contact Branch at: Branch Metrics, Inc. 195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101 Palo Alto, CA 94306 or by email at privacy@branch.io Branch has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit http://www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you. If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction Data Subject Rights Top California Consumer Privacy Act The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to natural persons who are residents of California. Our CCPA privacy notice is available here Rights of Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom The European General Data Protection Regulation of 2018 (“GDPR”) and equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (“ UK Data Protection Law ”) provides certain rights to residents of Europe. Information on how you can exercise rights under the GDPR and UK Data Protection Law are set forth here Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) provides certain rights to residents of Brazil. Information on how you can exercise rights under the LGPD are set forth here Our Policy Regarding Children Top Services: The Branch Services are not directed to children. We require that Clients agree to not send to us data relating to any children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16). If you are a Client and want to learn more about Branch SDK Privacy Controls that you can use in your compliance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), GDPR, or any other applicable law, please contact privacy@branch.io If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) in violation of applicable law, please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any information that it may have been provided inappropriately as required by law. Website: The Branch Website is not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect through the Website Personal Data from anyone under the age of 16. If you are under 16, please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under 16 may provide any Personal Data to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected any such data from a child under 16 through our Website, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at privacy@branch.io , so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any inappropriately obtained information as required by law. Contact Us, Questions, Changes to This Privacy Policy Top We may change this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion. We will post all changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of the page the modified Privacy Policy’s effective date. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: Branch Metrics, Inc. 195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101 Palo Alto, CA 94306 or by email at Compliance Top This Privacy Policy shall be implemented by Branch and all its operating divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates. Branch has put in place mechanisms to verify ongoing compliance with this Privacy Policy. Effective October 11, 2022 to December 29, 2022 Table of Contents Privacy Policy Last updated February 3, 2022 The Branch Guiding Privacy Principles Top We are a linking and analytics platform for app and website developers. And we are proud of our commitment to providing our services in a privacy-first way. So we thought it would be helpful to lay out, in plain English, the Branch Guiding Privacy Principles that drive how we’ve chosen to design our services with privacy as a top priority. You’ll find our official Privacy Policy below this section, but we hope you’ll find this summary of our principles helpful. We limit the data we collect.We practice data minimization, which means that we take steps to avoid collecting or storing information that we don’t need to provide our services. The personal data that we collect is limited to data like advertising identifiers, IP address, and information derived from resettable cookies (the full list is below in our privacy policy). We do not collect or store information such as names, email addresses, physical addresses, or SSNs. Nor do we want to. In fact, our Terms & Conditions prohibit our customers from sharing with Branch any kind of sensitive end-user information. We will only provide you with data about actual end-user activity on your apps or websites. Our customers can only access “earned” cookies or identifiers. This means that an end user must visit a customer’s site before our customer can see the cookie; and an end user must download a customer’s app in order for Branch to collect the end user’s advertising identifier for that customer. In short, the Branch services benefit customers who already have seen an end user across their platforms and want to understand the relationship between those web visits and app sessions. We do not rent or sell personal data. No Branch customer can access another Branch customer’s end-user data. And we are not in the business of renting or selling any customer’s end-user data to anyone else. To enable customers to control their end-user personal data, they can request deletion here of that data at any time, whether in bulk or for a specific end user. These controls are available to customers worldwide, although we designed them to comply with GDPR requirements as well. Beyond these principles stated above, Branch will continue to find ways to design our services to respect end user privacy. We’re committed to making sure our customers understand how we use data they entrust to us and how they can control it so that they can, in turn, be transparent with their end users. Introduction Top Branch Metrics, Inc. ( "Branch" , "us" , "our" or "we" ) offers a linking and analytics platform enabling developers of applications (our " Clients ")--whether those applications are websites or "apps," and across different types of devices--to improve their end users’ (" Users ") cross-application experiences, and to derive additional insights into how their Users download and utilize those applications. Branch recognizes and believes that data privacy is important to all Internet users, and therefore we design and operate our services in a privacy-first manner. This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts: Collection and Use of Information from Our Services: This section explains how Branch collects and uses information about Users in connection with our products and services (the " Branch Services " or the " Services "). Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes: This section explains how we collect and use information about our website visitors through our website located at branch.io (the “Website”), which includes the dashboard we provide to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. So, if you are a Client using our Branch dashboard, this section applies to the data we collect from you. It also explains how we collect information about potential Clients from service providers and other sources to enhance our marketing efforts. Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website: This section lays out the parts of the Branch Privacy Policy that apply to both the Services and to the Website. Collection and Use of Information from Our Services What Information Does Branch Collect from Our Services? Top Below, we explain what information we collect on behalf of our Clients through the Services, and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below. The Branch Services: Overview Top Branch provides a variety of Services intended to help Clients understand the use of their digital properties by their Users across a wide array of platforms, devices and applications. Branch helps Clients by connecting User interactions across siloed applications (email, SMS, web browsers, social platforms, native applications and others), so that Clients understand the multiple steps that a User took to ultimately complete a transaction with the Client. The Client can use this information to better inform marketing and product decisions as well as to provide improved user experiences by using their knowledge of continuity. Branch has no direct relationship with Users. Branch’s Services are provided when Branch Clients install on their platforms “Branch Mechanisms” (including links, pixels, direct platform integrations, etc.) that capture User action on behalf of the Client.Using the information collected from these Branch Mechanisms, Branch uses a variety of attribution techniques to connect User actions across different channels and platforms. Some of these attribution techniques include a direct pass-through of identifiers from platform to platform, creating and storing identifiers unique to the Branch platform to connect User actions and identifiers together, and predictive modeling algorithms using real-time and historical data parameters observed from User interactions where there are no shared identifiers available, as well as using historical connections Branch has derived over time using our technology. In some cases, these connections are made without the use of cookies. These techniques help Clients match Users with devices they use, including matching the same User across multiple devices. The key use cases of Branch’s Services are: To support Clients in implementing deep linking, which uses Branch’s connection information in real time to improve the User experience.For example, if a User clicks on a link in an email or ad to a specific page in a Client’s app, Branch helps the User get to that page after they download the app.To report individualized and aggregated analytics metrics about the performance of the Client’s product and marketing initiatives to the Client directly.For example, Branch can tell a Client how many Users that downloaded an app or that went to a specific page in an app came from clicking on a specific link, and provide corresponding advertising or other identifiers. To assist the Client by presenting real time, targeted messaging to their Users depending on past behavior observed across the tracked platforms with the purpose of driving more engagement to the Client. For example, Branch can use Branch Mechanisms to provide a tailored message like a coupon code or special offer in your website to users who have interacted with your app and/or website in the past. Branch requires that each Client commit to share with Branch only information that it has lawfully obtained (including, where necessary, by obtaining consent from Users), and that it has the right to share with Branch. We strongly discourage Clients from sharing sensitive User information with us, as such information is not necessary for the provision of the Services, and we prohibit them from providing us with data relating to children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16). In the charts below, we summarize the information collected automatically by the Services. Information Collected By Branch Links and Pixels Top Branch collects the following information from URLs created by the Client (i.e., Branch Links) and pixels placed on Client websites. Branch Links may be embedded into QR Codes as configured by the Client. Some of this information is considered personal data under applicable law (in other words, information that itself may identify a unique individual or can be linked back to an individual) (“ Personal Data ”). Type of Information Collected Purpose IP Address Standard web HTTP request; used for attribution and to understand general location Cookie Standard web cookies, used for device identification and attribution Link Data Metadata controlled by the Client, which may be used to interpret the data for reporting, or for analytics User Agent Standard web browser user agent metadata; used for device identification and attribution Referer Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics Request Standard web HTTP request Phone Number (Optional) used only to facilitate the “Text me the app” feature if used Engagement Data Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the webpage from which such ads were displayed, and webpages on Client’s website visited by a User. Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their website (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.). SDKs are Software Development Kits that include code that allows Clients to use the Branch Services.The Branch Mobile App SDKs, Web SDKs, and Over-the-Top (OTT) SDKs collect the following information when Clients use these SDKs in their applications or websites, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law: Information Collected by Branch SDKs Top Type of Information Collected Purpose Advertising identifier (e.g., GAID, Android ID, IDFA, IDFV, RIDA) Used for device identification and attribution Branch Cookie ID Used for device identification and attribution IP Address Standard web HTTP request; used for device identification, attribution, and to understand general location Referer Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics Central Processing Unit (CPU) Type Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution System build version Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Internet connection type Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Application version Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Device model Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Manufacturer Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Operating system Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Operating system version Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Screen size (height, width) Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Screen resolution Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Mobile network status (Wi-Fi, etc.) Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Device locale (country and language) Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Local IP address Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Mobile platform Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Branch SDK version Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Developer ID (optional) Client-supplied unique identifier; metadata feature Used for device identification and attribution Carrier ID Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Engagement Data Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the application page from which such ads were displayed, pages on Client’s application visited by a User, downloads, opt-in status for certain tracking mechanisms, and installations of applications. Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their application (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.). In addition to the information identified above, the Branch Desktop SDKs collect the following identifiers when Clients use these SDKs in their desktop applications, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law: Type of Information Collected Purpose MAC address Used for device identification and attribution Windows Advertising ID Used for device identification and attribution CPU ID Used for device identification and attribution Information Collected By Third Parties Top As part of Branch’s Services, Branch’s Clients may direct certain of their vendors or business partners (such as an ad network or vendor) to provide certain Engagement Data to Branch on the Client’s behalf. How Does Branch Use Information Collected by Our Services? Top Data Branch collects through the Services is processed: to better understand how and from where Users come to download certain apps, what types of apps are popular, or to infer that certain browsers and devices are operated by the same User based upon connections Branch has derived across non-affiliated apps and websites.to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Branch Services we provide our Clients, including to support other Branch products and services, develop new products and services, and market products or services; to support the products and services of our Clients; and as permitted or required by applicable law. to fulfill Clients’ and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services including processing data at the Client’s direction and transferring User data to them. Branch does not control how Clients use information Branch shares with Clients and Users should read Clients’ Privacy Policies to understand how they use information they receive from Branch.to aggregate data across various sources, including data from various Clients or third parties.to create reports based on aggregated information, which is information that cannot reasonably be linked back to any individual person or Client and share these reports with the public.for anti-fraud protection and analysis relating to the Services to ensure more accurate attribution measurement, general fraud prevention, or where otherwise required by law. We may aggregate and/or de-identify the data we collect through the Services. After data has been aggregated and/or de-identified, Branch cannot use it to personally identify an individual. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also share such data with any third parties, including business partners, Clients, and/or others. Our Clients’ Use of Information Top Our Clients may use the information collected via the Services to improve their Users’ app experiences, customize their apps to Users, and to better understand their app marketing programs and how Users discover their apps. For example, a User may want to share information about a hotel that she found in a travel app with a friend. When that User sends her friend a Branch link to that hotel, after clicking the link the friend is brought directly to the content relating to that hotel within the app, rather than landing on the app’s homepage and having to search for the hotel. The travel app would also gain insights and analytics as to how the content is being shared from its app. We require that our Clients utilize our Services responsibly and in accordance with our . Branch is not responsible for the data practices of any of our Clients through the Services or otherwise. Each Client’s practices are subject to each Client’s individual privacy policy. Users should review the privacy policy of each Client to understand how that Client uses User information collected through the Services. User Choices Top Branch recognizes a number of consumer choice mechanisms. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality may be degraded or no longer work as a result if you exercise certain of the opt-outs below. Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out: Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking here . This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer read or set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Cookie-based opt outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt out will not be effective on your mobile device. NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out: Branch is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) and adheres to its Code of Conduct. NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from interest-based advertising by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available here . Device-Based Opt-Out: You can submit a request to opt out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request here Device Identifiers: To use your device’s privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings menu of your device to review and access the privacy controls made available on the device. Branch will only be able to collect information from the device as permitted by these settings. Client App Opt-out Controls: Branch‘s SDK Privacy Controls allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User’s data should not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User. Engagement Builder: Branch's Engagement Builder feature may be used to help Clients conduct re-engagement and re-targeting campaigns. We require that Clients using Branch’s Engagement Builder feature for such purposes respect User opt-out preferences passed to them by Branch. Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes What Information Does Branch Collect about Website Visitors and Potential Customers? Top Branch collects information from Website visitors ( “you” or “Website Users” ) located at www.branch.io ( the “Website” ), which includes the dashboard provided to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. The types of information we may collect and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with us and the requirements of applicable law. Below are the legal bases and some of the ways we collect information and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below. What We Collect from Clients that Use the Website Top Branch collects Personal Data and non-personal data via the Website. For example, when Clients register to use our Services, we ask them to provide us with Personal Data, including first and last name and email address.Dashboard Information: Information we collect from visitors who register for an account on our dashboard includes the following, some of which is considered Personal Data under applicable law: Type of Information Collected Purpose IP Address Standard web HTTP request; may be used for limited security login controls Cookie (ours) Standard web cookie used for dashboard session management Cookie (third-party) Third-party web tracking tools used for business intelligence First, Last Name Used for team user identification Work Email Used as the primary login identifier Password Account registration, secure our Services and prevent fraud Account Holder Primary Role Account registration, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners User Agent Standard web browser user agent metadata; may be used for limited security login controls Referer Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for general internal business analytics Request Standard web HTTP request; may be used for general internal business analytics Github ID (optional) Can be used as a login method Billing information Payment account registration Log Data Provide the Services, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners, personalize our experience, secure our Services and prevent fraud, and defend our legal rights and comply with the law Account holder feedback Help us improve your experience on the account dashboard We also require Clients to set up a user ID and unique password for account security purposes. Clients must not share their passwords with anyone. Clients also have the option of adding other team members to their account. This account information enables us to set up an account for Clients, to provide the Services, and to otherwise manage Client accounts. We may also use this information to notify Clients about updates to our Services and provide them with promotional emails. We offer a mechanism to opt out from promotional emails as described in the “Opt-Out from Promotional Emails” section below. When a Client creates an account and uses the Services, Branch may collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Client is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g., browser type and version, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Client (“Log Data”). Account and Billing Information: To the extent that we charge a fee for the Services, we may also collect limited billing, payment, and contract information from Clients through our third-party payment and contract processors. Third-Party Connection Information: Some features of the dashboard Services allow you to share your information through your accounts with other companies such as Facebook and Google. If you choose to connect Branch to such third-party services, we may collect information related to your use of those third-party services, such as authentication tokens that allow us to connect to your third-party service accounts. We will ask you for permission before you authorize our collection of this information. We may also collect information about how you are using the Services to interact with those connected third-party services. Information from Other Sources: In addition to the information collected through our Website, we or our third-party service providers may obtain additional information, such as job title or contact information, from other public and non-public sources such as business websites, social networking platforms, or third-party databases. We use this information to better enable Branch to identify and contact businesses that might be interested in engaging our Services, and to gain a better understanding of a potential Client’s business needs. Communications with Branch: Some Website Users may provide Personal Data to Branch by sending us an email or filling out an online form on the Website. We use this information to answer their question(s), and may store that information for our record keeping, marketing, and advertising purposes. Research/Survey Solicitations: From time to time, we may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage third-party service providers to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns and/or promotional activities.Cookies, Pixels and Web Beacons: We also collect other data via the Website from Website Users, including Website Users employed by or affiliated with Clients, through cookies and/or web beacons. Such information, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law, may include IP address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, how you browse and navigate the Website, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to the Website, the referring URL, and your computer’s operating system. For example, we may collect on a real-time basis information on how you use and navigate the Website. This may include mouse movements and how you scroll through the Website, but we do not collect keystroke data. If you permit the use of cookies and web beacons when you visit and continue to use the Website, we will collect information through those tools. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website and web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Website or in our emails. Cookies help us improve your experience on the Website as well as our marketing activities. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Website. For more information about cookies and web beacons, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ . For more information about how to opt-out of cookies and web beacons after you have consented to their use, see the “Opt-out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons” section below. How Does Branch Use the Information Collected? Top Branch processes the data described in the section above for the following purposes: to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Website;to fulfill your and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services;to send information about the Services including confirmations, invoices, payment processing, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;to communicate about products and services offered by Branch and Branch's selected partners. We receive opt-in consent to send promotional and marketing messages to Website Users where required by applicable law. You can opt-out of receiving these messages at any time as described below in the section titled: “Opt-out from Promotional Emails”; to conduct research;to manage your information and account, to improve and administer our Website, to contact Website Users to answer questions or resolve problems, or to verify your identity;to conduct research to help us to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new products, processes and services;for ad delivery and reporting purposes and to create data and analytics products and services;to make the Website easier to use by reducing the need for Clients and Website Users to enter information; for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide data to us;with your consent; orwhere Branch otherwise has a legitimate interest in collecting the data, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, product improvement, anti-fraud protection, protecting the safety of us, our Website Users, or third parties, or where required by law. Opt-Out & Do Not Track - Your Choice Mechanisms Top In some cases, we rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you. In those cases, and where you have consented to Branch's processing of your Personal Data in connection with your use of the Website, you may withdraw that consent at any time by following the instructions below. Additionally, before we use Personal Data collected with your consent for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will provide information regarding the new purpose and ask for your consent for the new purpose. Where your consent for the processing of Personal Data is otherwise required by law or contract, we will comply with the law or contract. In other cases, we do not rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you (for example, if we have a different legal basis to process that data). Opt Out from Promotional Emails Top You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails, or by filling out this form . You can also opt-out of certain categories of emails using this form . If you opt-out using any of these tools, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as certain updates about your account or updates to our Terms & Conditions and this Privacy Policy and/or use of the Services. Opt Out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons Top We will only use cookies consistent with your cookie settings and permissions granted on our Website.If you permit us to use cookies/web beacons as discussed above (“What Information Does Branch Collect from our Website”), but would like to opt-out: For dashboard users, visit , and toggle off “Cookie Consent”.For all other users, click on “Cookie Consent” at the bottom right-hand corner of our homepage (), and click on the opt-out link. Also, you can choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. To exercise the Do Not Track settings available on certain web browsers, please visit the privacy settings of your browser. Where Branch is able to see that such a selection has been made, we will not use information collected from that device to target advertising on that browser. Dashboard users must use the “Cookie Consent” feature to revoke permission to place cookies. Note that, even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-personal data regarding your activities on our Website. This also does not opt you out of being served advertising altogether; you will continue to receive generic advertisements. Third-Party Tools/Analytics on the Website Top The Website utilizes third-party tracking tools from third-party service providers, which may enable these third parties to analyze our Website traffic for analytics purposes. Some of these third-party service providers may collect information from this Website for retargeting and interest-based advertising purposes. For more information about these forms of ad targeting and to understand your right to opt-out from these practices, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ . All of these tools are hosted by the third parties who provide them, and your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the third parties providing them. These tools include, but are not limited to, those below. Google . We may use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Website, and to develop website content. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ . You can opt-out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Website by going to http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout Mixpanel . We use a service provided by Mixpanel, Inc. (“Mixpanel”) to provide us with analytics data regarding Website Users’ interactions with our Website and Services. You may opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data that is collected while using the Services by visiting https://mixpanel.com/optout/ . To track opt-outs, Mixpanel uses a persistent opt-out cookie placed on your device. Please note that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter the browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), you may delete the Mixpanel opt-out cookie. Facebook . We may use certain tools offered by Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”) that enable it to collect or receive information about actions Website Users take on our Website through use of cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies or in order to provide measurement services, targeted ads and other services. For more information regarding the collection and use of such information by Facebook, please see the Facebook Data Policy, available at: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php Drift . We use certain tools offered by Drift to power our Website’s live-chat experience. If you provide information about yourself through that live-chat experience, then we may store that information for marketing purposes. Drift may also infer information about the company that you work for you based on your IP address. Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website How does Branch Share Information? Top In addition to the ways described in our and this Privacy Policy, Branch may also share information with others under the following circumstances: With third-party vendors, consultants and other service providers who work for us and need access to information we collect to do that work.With our Clients and their agents, as described in this Policy.To third parties (such as advertising networks or vendors used by our Clients), as directed by our Clients.To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual, prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person.To protect the rights and property of Branch, our agents, Clients, Users, Website Users, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies, and Terms & Conditions.To Branch’s subsidiaries and affiliates as necessary to help us provide, support, and maintain the Services.In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. Updating Your Information and Contact Preferences; California Shine the Light Law Top We provide Clients with a mechanism to access, review and update information via the dashboard. If you wish to review or update your information, please visit branch.io and login using the username and password you created. Next, please select “Account Settings” which can be found in the lower left corner of the dashboard screen, then select the “User” tab near the top. If you would like to delete your account, please email support@branch.io. Under California law, California residents who have an established business relationship with us may choose to opt-out of the disclosure of Personal Data about them to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Our policy is not to disclose Personal Data collected through our Website to a third party for direct marketing purposes without your approval. If you choose to opt-out at any time after granting approval, email privacy@branch.io. California residents who have provided us with Personal Data can also request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their Personal Data (if any) for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of Personal Data disclosed to those parties. If you are a California resident and would like such a list, please email privacy@branch.io. We Secure the Information We Collect Top Securing the information provided by our Clients and collected through our Website is important to us. Branch has implemented industry-standard technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help protect the information on our servers against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your own passwords. If you have reason to believe that your passwords or Personal Data are no longer secure, please promptly notify us at privacy@branch.io. Our Data Retention Policy Top For our Services: Branch stores the information collected by our Services (see the “What Information Does Branch Collect from our Services?” section above) so long as our systems continue to encounter that User. After that User has been inactive for 30 days (or 90 days for specific attribution products), identifiers collected from that User will be deleted unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client. Usage activity logs, which are used for the purpose of reporting and analytics, are stored in an identifiable form for no more than 7 days (or up to 60 days as determined by the Client or for specific fields), after which these logs are removed or pseudonymized. Any and all pseudonymized logs are deleted after 12 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client. Aggregated reporting metrics shared with Clients are retained (in aggregate and anonymized form) for up to 24 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client. Branch may retain information collected by our Services beyond these periods for fraud prevention, analysis, or response, or to protect the safety of Branch, its Clients, Users or the public. For the Website: We store Personal Data such as email address or billing details for so long as you continue to have a business relationship with Branch and for a reasonable time thereafter for record-keeping purposes. If applicable to you, you may ask us to delete that information as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below or pursuant to your right of erasure as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below. Links to Other Websites Top The Website and/or Services may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website and/or Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by Branch, and we do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites or social media platforms. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that you interact with. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk. International Data Transfers Top All information collected via the Website and Services is stored on servers located in the United States.In the process of providing the Services, we may transfer information across borders from other countries or jurisdictions into the United States. By using the Services, each Client and Website User consents to the transfer and processing of information to the U.S. in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data transfers from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland are transferred on the basis of legal mechanisms approved by the European Commission and other relevant authorities for cross-border data transfers, such as Standard Contractual Clauses or the Privacy Shield mechanism discussed in the “Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States” section below. Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States Top Branch complies with the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data from European Union member countries (including European Economic Area member countries), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. Branch recognizes that the Court of Justice of the European Union ruled in July 2020 that a certification under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework no longer can serve as the basis by which entities subject to the GDPR export personal data to jurisdictions outside the European Economic Area, and that the Swiss Data Protection Authority similarly held the Swiss-US Privacy Shield inadequate. Branch will continue to honor its obligation to comply with the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to data that was transferred pursuant to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit visit Branch no longer relies on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield to transfer data that originated in the EEA or the United Kingdom to the U.S. Branch is subject to the investigatory and enforcement authority of the US Federal Trade Commission. Pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks we are obliged to inform EU, UK, and Swiss individuals whose data is being transferred into the United States that we may be required to release Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements. Branch remains liable for the onward transfer of EU, UK, and Swiss personal data to agent third parties pursuant to the Privacy Shield unless we can prove we were not a party to the actions giving rise to the damages. We acknowledge the right of EU, UK, and Swiss individuals to access their Personal Data pursuant to the Privacy Shield. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals wishing to exercise this right may do so by contacting privacy@branch.io. In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Branch commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. European Union, UK, and Swiss individuals with Privacy Shield inquiries or complaints should first contact Branch at: Branch Metrics, Inc. 195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101 Palo Alto, CA 94306 or by email at privacy@branch.io Branch has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you. If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at Data Subject Rights Top California Consumer Privacy Act The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to natural persons who are residents of California. Our CCPA privacy notice is available Rights of Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom The European General Data Protection Regulation of 2018 (“GDPR”) and equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (“ UK Data Protection Law ”) provides certain rights to residents of Europe.Information on how you can exercise rights under the GDPR and UK Data Protection Law are set forth Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) provides certain rights to residents of Brazil. Information on how you can exercise rights under the LGPD are set forth Our Policy Regarding Children Top Services: The Branch Services are not directed to children. We require that Clients agree to not send to us data relating to any children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16). If you are a Client and want to learn more about Branch SDK Privacy Controls that you can use in your compliance with the U.S. Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), GDPR, or any other applicable law, please contact privacy@branch.io. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) in violation of applicable law, please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any information that it may have been provided inappropriately. Website: The Branch Website is not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect through the Website Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16). If you are under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) may provide any Personal Data to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected any such data from a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) through our Website, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any inappropriately obtained information. Contact Us, Questions, Changes to This Privacy Policy Top We may change this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion. We will post all changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of the page the modified Privacy Policy’s effective date. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: Branch Metrics, Inc. 195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101 Palo Alto, CA 94306 or by email at info@branch.io Compliance Top This Privacy Policy shall be implemented by Branch and all its operating divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates. Branch has put in place mechanisms to verify ongoing compliance with Privacy Shield Principles and this Privacy Policy. Effective June 1, 2022 to October 11, 2022 Table of Contents Privacy Policy Last updated February 3, 2022 The Branch Guiding Privacy Principles We are a linking and analytics platform for app and website developers. And we are proud of our commitment to providing our services in a privacy-first way. So we thought it would be helpful to lay out, in plain English, the Branch Guiding Privacy Principles that drive how we’ve chosen to design our services with privacy as a top priority. You’ll find our official Privacy Policy below this section, but we hope you’ll find this summary of our principles helpful. We limit the data we collect. We practice data minimization, which means that we take steps to avoid collecting or storing information that we don’t need to provide our services. The personal data that we collect is limited to data like advertising identifiers, IP address, and information derived from resettable cookies (the full list is below in our privacy policy). We do not collect or store information such as names, email addresses, physical addresses, or SSNs. Nor do we want to. In fact, our Terms & Conditions prohibit our customers from sharing with Branch any kind of sensitive end-user information. We will only provide you with data about actual end-user activity on your apps or websites. Our customers can only access “earned” cookies or identifiers. This means that an end user must visit a customer’s site before our customer can see the cookie; and an end user must download a customer’s app in order for Branch to collect the end user’s advertising identifier for that customer. In short, the Branch services benefit customers who already have seen an end user across their platforms and want to understand the relationship between those web visits and app sessions. We do not rent or sell personal data. No Branch customer can access another Branch customer’s end-user data. And we are not in the business of renting or selling any customer’s end-user data to anyone else. To enable customers to control their end-user personal data, they can request deletion here of that data at any time, whether in bulk or for a specific end user.These controls are available to customers worldwide, although we designed them to comply with GDPR requirements as well. Beyond these principles stated above, Branch will continue to find ways to design our services to respect end user privacy. We’re committed to making sure our customers understand how we use data they entrust to us and how they can control it so that they can, in turn, be transparent with their end users. Introduction Branch Metrics, Inc. ( "Branch" , "us" , "our" or "we" ) offers a linking and analytics platform enabling developers of applications (our " Clients ")--whether those applications are websites or "apps," and across different types of devices--to improve their end users’ (" Users ") cross-application experiences, and to derive additional insights into how their Users download and utilize those applications. Branch recognizes and believes that data privacy is important to all Internet users, and therefore we design and operate our services in a privacy-first manner. This Privacy Policy is divided into three parts: Collection and Use of Information from Our Services: This section explains how Branch collects and uses information about Users in connection with our products and services (the " Branch Services " or the " Services "). Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes: This section explains how we collect and use information about our website visitors through our website located at branch.io (the “Website”), which includes the dashboard we provide to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. So, if you are a Client using our Branch dashboard, this section applies to the data we collect from you. It also explains how we collect information about potential Clients from service providers and other sources to enhance our marketing efforts. Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website: This section lays out the parts of the Branch Privacy Policy that apply to both the Services and to the Website. What Information Does Branch Collect from Our Services? Below, we explain what information we collect on behalf of our Clients through the Services, and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below. The Branch Services: Overview Branch provides a variety of Services intended to help Clients understand the use of their digital properties by their Users across a wide array of platforms, devices and applications. Branch helps Clients by connecting User interactions across siloed applications (email, SMS, web browsers, social platforms, native applications and others), so that Clients understand the multiple steps that a User took to ultimately complete a transaction with the Client. The Client can use this information to better inform marketing and product decisions as well as to provide improved user experiences by using their knowledge of continuity. Branch has no direct relationship with Users. Branch’s Services are provided when Branch Clients install on their platforms “Branch Mechanisms” (including links, pixels, direct platform integrations, etc.) that capture User action on behalf of the Client. Using the information collected from these Branch Mechanisms, Branch uses a variety of attribution techniques to connect User actions across different channels and platforms. Some of these attribution techniques include a direct pass-through of identifiers from platform to platform, creating and storing identifiers unique to the Branch platform to connect User actions and identifiers together, and predictive modeling algorithms using real-time and historical data parameters observed from User interactions where there are no shared identifiers available, as well as using historical connections Branch has derived over time using our technology. In some cases, these connections are made without the use of cookies. These techniques help Clients match Users with devices they use, including matching the same User across multiple devices. The key use cases of Branch’s Services are: To support Clients in implementing deep linking, which uses Branch’s connection information in real time to improve the User experience.For example, if a User clicks on a link in an email or ad to a specific page in a Client’s app, Branch helps the User get to that page after they download the app.To report individualized and aggregated analytics metrics about the performance of the Client’s product and marketing initiatives to the Client directly.For example, Branch can tell a Client how many Users that downloaded an app or that went to a specific page in an app came from clicking on a specific link, and provide corresponding advertising or other identifiers.To assist the Client by presenting real time, targeted messaging to their Users depending on past behavior observed across the tracked platforms with the purpose of driving more engagement to the Client.For example, Branch can use Branch Mechanisms to provide a tailored message like a coupon code or special offer in your website to users who have interacted with your app and/or website in the past. Branch requires that each Client commit to share with Branch only information that it has lawfully obtained (including, where necessary, by obtaining consent from Users), and that it has the right to share with Branch. We strongly discourage Clients from sharing sensitive User information with us, as such information is not necessary for the provision of the Services, and we prohibit them from providing us with data relating to children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16). In the charts below, we summarize the information collected automatically by the Services. Information Collected By Branch Links and Pixels Branch collects the following information from URLs created by the Client (i.e., Branch Links) and pixels placed on Client websites. Branch Links may be embedded into QR Codes as configured by the Client. Some of this information is considered personal data under applicable law (in other words, information that itself may identify a unique individual or can be linked back to an individual) (“ Personal Data ”). Type of Information Collected Purpose IP Address Standard web HTTP request; used for attribution and to understand general location Cookie Standard web cookies, used for device identification and attribution Link Data Metadata controlled by the Client, which may be used to interpret the data for reporting, or for analytics User Agent Standard web browser user agent metadata; used for device identification and attribution Referer Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics Request Standard web HTTP request Phone Number (Optional) used only to facilitate the “Text me the app” feature if used Engagement Data Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the webpage from which such ads were displayed, and webpages on Client’s website visited by a User. Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their website (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.). SDKs are Software Development Kits that include code that allows Clients to use the Branch Services.The Branch Mobile App SDKs, Web SDKs, and Over-the-Top (OTT) SDKs collect the following information when Clients use these SDKs in their applications or websites, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law: Information Collected by Branch SDKs Type of Information Collected Purpose Advertising identifier (e.g., GAID, Android ID, IDFA, IDFV, RIDA) Used for device identification and attribution Branch Cookie ID Used for device identification and attribution IP Address Standard web HTTP request; used for device identification, attribution, and to understand general location Referer Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for reporting and analytics Central Processing Unit (CPU) Type Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution System build version Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Internet connection type Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Application version Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Device model Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Manufacturer Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Operating system Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Operating system version Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Screen size (height, width) Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Screen resolution Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Mobile network status (Wi-Fi, etc.) Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Device locale (country and language) Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Local IP address Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Mobile platform Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Branch SDK version Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Developer ID (optional) Client-supplied unique identifier; metadata feature Used for device identification and attribution Carrier ID Metadata feature used for device identification and attribution Engagement Data Information relating to the Client’s ad campaigns and User interactions, such as clicks on Client ads, Client ad impressions viewed, audiences or segments to which an ad campaign is attributed, type of ads and the application page from which such ads were displayed, pages on Client’s application visited by a User, downloads, opt-in status for certain tracking mechanisms, and installations of applications. Other interactions, events and actions Clients choose to measure and analyze within their application (e.g., add to cart, purchases made, clicks, engagement time etc.). In addition to the information identified above, the Branch Desktop SDKs collect the following identifiers when Clients use these SDKs in their desktop applications, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law: Type of Information Collected Purpose MAC address Used for device identification and attribution Windows Advertising ID Used for device identification and attribution CPU ID Used for device identification and attribution Information Collected By Third Parties As part of Branch’s Services, Branch’s Clients may direct certain of their vendors or business partners (such as an ad network or vendor) to provide certain Engagement Data to Branch on the Client’s behalf. How Does Branch Use Information Collected by Our Services? Data Branch collects through the Services is processed: to better understand how and from where Users come to download certain apps, what types of apps are popular, or to infer that certain browsers and devices are operated by the same User based upon connections Branch has derived across non-affiliated apps and websites.to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Branch Services we provide our Clients, including to support other Branch products and services, develop new products and services, and market products or services; to support the products and services of our Clients; and as permitted or required by applicable law. to fulfill Clients’ and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services including processing data at the Client’s direction and transferring User data to them. Branch does not control how Clients use information Branch shares with Clients and Users should read Clients’ Privacy Policies to understand how they use information they receive from Branch.to aggregate data across various sources, including data from various Clients or third parties.to create reports based on aggregated information, which is information that cannot reasonably be linked back to any individual person or Client and share these reports with the public.for anti-fraud protection and analysis relating to the Services to ensure more accurate attribution measurement, general fraud prevention, or where otherwise required by law. We may aggregate and/or de-identify the data we collect through the Services. After data has been aggregated and/or de-identified, Branch cannot use it to personally identify an individual. We may use de-identified and/or aggregated data for any purpose, including without limitation for research and marketing purposes, and may also share such data with any third parties, including business partners, Clients, and/or others. Our Clients’ Use of Information Our Clients may use the information collected via the Services to improve their Users’ app experiences, customize their apps to Users, and to better understand their app marketing programs and how Users discover their apps. For example, a User may want to share information about a hotel that she found in a travel app with a friend. When that User sends her friend a Branch link to that hotel, after clicking the link the friend is brought directly to the content relating to that hotel within the app, rather than landing on the app’s homepage and having to search for the hotel. The travel app would also gain insights and analytics as to how the content is being shared from its app. We require that our Clients utilize our Services responsibly and in accordance with our Terms & Conditions . Branch is not responsible for the data practices of any of our Clients through the Services or otherwise. Each Client’s practices are subject to each Client’s individual privacy policy. Users should review the privacy policy of each Client to understand how that Client uses User information collected through the Services. User Choices Branch recognizes a number of consumer choice mechanisms. Due to the nature of the Services, some functionality may be degraded or no longer work as a result if you exercise certain of the opt-outs below. Branch’s Browser Cookie Opt-Out: Our cookie-based opt-out can be accessed by clicking here . This will place a Branch opt-out cookie on your browser. Where Branch detects the presence of that opt-out cookie, we will no longer read or set cookies (beyond the opt-out cookie itself). Cookie-based opt outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted-out on your computer browser, that opt out will not be effective on your mobile device. NAI Browser-Based Opt-Out: Branch is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) and adheres to its Code of Conduct. NAI provides you with the opportunity to opt out (on a browser-by-browser basis) from interest-based advertising by participating NAI members, including Branch. That opt-out is available here . Device-Based Opt-Out: You can submit a request to opt out of the Branch Services on a particular device by submitting a request here Device Identifiers: To use your device’s privacy settings controls, please visit the privacy settings menu of your device to review and access the privacy controls made available on the device. Branch will only be able to collect information from the device as permitted by these settings. Client App Opt-out Controls: Branch‘s SDK Privacy Controls allow Clients to respect granular controls regarding User data. Clients can flag in the Branch SDK that a particular User’s data should not be processed by Branch, in which case Branch will no longer process engagement data on behalf of the Client for that User. Branch's Engagement Builder feature may be used to help Clients conduct re-engagement and re-targeting campaigns. We require that Clients using Branch’s Engagement Builder feature for such purposes respect User opt-out preferences passed to them by Branch. Collection and Use of Information from Our Website and for Marketing Purposes What Information Does Branch Collect about Website Visitors and Potential Customers? Branch collects information from Website visitors ( “you” or “Website Users” ) located at www.branch.io ( the “Website” ), which includes the dashboard provided to our Clients located at dashboard.branch.io. The types of information we may collect and our privacy practices depend on the nature of the relationship you have with us and the requirements of applicable law. Below are the legal bases and some of the ways we collect information and how we use it. We process information in a way that is relevant for the purpose for which it was collected as described below. What We Collect from Clients that Use the Website Branch collects Personal Data and non-personal data via the Website. For example, when Clients register to use our Services, we ask them to provide us with Personal Data, including first and last name and email address.Information we collect from visitors who register for an account on our dashboard includes the following, some of which is considered Personal Data under applicable law: Type of Information Collected Purpose IP Address Standard web HTTP request; may be used for limited security login controls Cookie (ours) Standard web cookie used for dashboard session management Cookie (third-party) Third-party web tracking tools used for business intelligence First, Last Name Used for team user identification Work Email Used as the primary login identifier Password Account registration, secure our Services and prevent fraud Account Holder Primary Role Account registration, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners User Agent Standard web browser user agent metadata; may be used for limited security login controls Referer Standard web browser HTTP referer; may be used for general internal business analytics Request Standard web HTTP request; may be used for general internal business analytics Github ID (optional) Can be used as a login method Billing information Payment account registration Log Data Provide the Services, tell Clients about products and services offered by Branch and Branch’s selected partners, personalize our experience, secure our Services and prevent fraud, and defend our legal rights and comply with the law Account holder feedback Help us improve your experience on the account dashboard We also require Clients to set up a user ID and unique password for account security purposes. Clients must not share their passwords with anyone. Clients also have the option of adding other team members to their account. This account information enables us to set up an account for Clients, to provide the Services, and to otherwise manage Client accounts. We may also use this information to notify Clients about updates to our Services and provide them with promotional emails. We offer a mechanism to opt out from promotional emails as described in the “Opt-Out from Promotional Emails” section below. When a Client creates an account and uses the Services, Branch may collect certain log data, such as IP address from which a Client is connecting to the Services, information related to the device being used to connect to the Services (e.g., browser type and version, device type, OS version) and the features and functions of the Services used by the Client (“Log Data”). Account and Billing Information: To the extent that we charge a fee for the Services, we may also collect limited billing, payment, and contract information from Clients through our third-party payment and contract processors. Some features of the dashboard Services allow you to share your information through your accounts with other companies such as Facebook and Google. If you choose to connect Branch to such third-party services, we may collect information related to your use of those third-party services, such as authentication tokens that allow us to connect to your third-party service accounts. We will ask you for permission before you authorize our collection of this information. We may also collect information about how you are using the Services to interact with those connected third-party services. Information from Other Sources: In addition to the information collected through our Website, we or our third-party service providers may obtain additional information, such as job title or contact information, from other public and non-public sources such as business websites, social networking platforms, or third-party databases. We use this information to better enable Branch to identify and contact businesses that might be interested in engaging our Services, and to gain a better understanding of a potential Client’s business needs. Communications with Branch: Some Website Users may provide Personal Data to Branch by sending us an email or filling out an online form on the Website. We use this information to answer their question(s), and may store that information for our record keeping, marketing, and advertising purposes. From time to time, we may perform research (online and offline) via surveys. We may engage third-party service providers to conduct such surveys on our behalf. All survey responses are voluntary, and the information collected will be used for research and reporting purposes to help us better serve individuals by learning more about their needs and the quality of the products and services we provide. The survey responses may be utilized to determine the effectiveness of our Website, various types of communications, advertising campaigns and/or promotional activities. Cookies, Pixels and Web Beacons: We also collect other data via the Website from Website Users, including Website Users employed by or affiliated with Clients, through cookies and/or web beacons.Such information, some of which may be considered Personal Data under applicable law, may include IP address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, how you browse and navigate the Website, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to the Website, the referring URL, and your computer’s operating system. For example, we may collect on a real-time basis information on how you use and navigate the Website. This may include mouse movements and how you scroll through the Website, but we do not collect keystroke data. If you permit the use of cookies and web beacons when you visit and continue to use the Website, we will collect information through those tools. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website and web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our Website or in our emails. Cookies help us improve your experience on the Website as well as our marketing activities. We use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our Website. For more information about cookies and web beacons, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ . For more information about how to opt-out of cookies and web beacons after you have consented to their use, see the “Opt-out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons” section below. How Does Branch Use the Information Collected? Branch processes the data described in the section above for the following purposes: to provide, maintain, optimize, research and improve the Website;to fulfill your and prospective Clients’ requests for the Services;to send information about the Services including confirmations, invoices, payment processing, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;to communicate about products and services offered by Branch and Branch's selected partners. We receive opt-in consent to send promotional and marketing messages to Website Users where required by applicable law. You can opt-out of receiving these messages at any time as described below in the section titled: “Opt-out from Promotional Emails”; to conduct research;to manage your information and account, to improve and administer our Website, to contact Website Users to answer questions or resolve problems, or to verify your identity;to conduct research to help us to optimally deliver our existing Services or develop new products, processes and services;for ad delivery and reporting purposes and to create data and analytics products and services;to make the Website easier to use by reducing the need for Clients and Website Users to enter information; for other purposes disclosed to you at the time you provide data to us;with your consent; orwhere Branch otherwise has a legitimate interest in collecting the data, such as direct marketing, individual or market research, product improvement, anti-fraud protection, protecting the safety of us, our Website Users, or third parties, or where required by law. Opt-Out & Do Not Track - Your Choice Mechanisms In some cases, we rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you. In those cases, and where you have consented to Branch's processing of your Personal Data in connection with your use of the Website, you may withdraw that consent at any time by following the instructions below. Additionally, before we use Personal Data collected with your consent for any new purpose not originally authorized by you, we will provide information regarding the new purpose and ask for your consent for the new purpose. Where your consent for the processing of Personal Data is otherwise required by law or contract, we will comply with the law or contract. In other cases, we do not rely on your consent to process Personal Data about you (for example, if we have a different legal basis to process that data). Opt Out from Promotional Emails You can opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails, or by filling out this form . You can also opt-out of certain categories of emails using this form . If you opt-out using any of these tools, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as certain updates about your account or updates to our Terms & Conditions and this Privacy Policy and/or use of the Services. Opt Out from Website Cookies/Web Beacons We will only use cookies consistent with your cookie settings and permissions granted on our Website. If you permit us to use cookies/web beacons as discussed above (“What Information Does Branch Collect from our Website”), but would like to opt-out: For dashboard users, visit https://dashboard.branch.io/account-settings/user , and toggle off “Cookie Consent”.For all other users, click on “Cookie Consent” at the bottom right-hand corner of our homepage ( https://branch.io/ ), and click on the opt-out link. Also, you can choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies.To exercise the Do Not Track settings available on certain web browsers, please visit the privacy settings of your browser. Where Branch is able to see that such a selection has been made, we will not use information collected from that device to target advertising on that browser. Dashboard users must use the “Cookie Consent” feature to revoke permission to place cookies. Note that, even if you opt out, we may still collect and use non-personal data regarding your activities on our Website. This also does not opt you out of being served advertising altogether; you will continue to receive generic advertisements. Third-Party Tools/Analytics on the Website The Website utilizes third-party tracking tools from third-party service providers, which may enable these third parties to analyze our Website traffic for analytics purposes. Some of these third-party service providers may collect information from this Website for retargeting and interest-based advertising purposes. For more information about these forms of ad targeting and to understand your right to opt-out from these practices, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ . All of these tools are hosted by the third parties who provide them, and your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policies of the third parties providing them. These tools include, but are not limited to, those below. Google . We may use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to collect information regarding visitor behavior and visitor demographics on our Website, and to develop website content. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ . You can opt-out of Google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the Website by going to http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout . Mixpanel . We use a service provided by Mixpanel, Inc. (“Mixpanel”) to provide us with analytics data regarding Website Users’ interactions with our Website and Services. You may opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data that is collected while using the Services by visiting https://mixpanel.com/optout/ . To track opt-outs, Mixpanel uses a persistent opt-out cookie placed on your device. Please note that if you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter the browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers), you may delete the Mixpanel opt-out cookie. Facebook . We may use certain tools offered by Facebook, Inc. (“Facebook”) that enable it to collect or receive information about actions Website Users take on our Website through use of cookies, web beacons and other storage technologies or in order to provide measurement services, targeted ads and other services. For more information regarding the collection and use of such information by Facebook, please see the Facebook Data Policy, available at: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php . . We use certain tools offered by Drift to power our Website’s live-chat experience. If you provide information about yourself through that live-chat experience, then we may store that information for marketing purposes. Drift may also infer information about the company that you work for you based on your IP address. Policies Applicable to Both Our Services & Our Website How does Branch Share Information? In addition to the ways described in our Terms & Conditions and this Privacy Policy, Branch may also share information with others under the following circumstances: With third-party vendors, consultants and other service providers who work for us and need access to information we collect to do that work.With our Clients and their agents, as described in this Policy.To third parties (such as advertising networks or vendors used by our Clients), as directed by our Clients.To comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected, or actual, prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person. To protect the rights and property of Branch, our agents, Clients, Users, Website Users, and others including to enforce our agreements, policies, and Terms & Conditions.To Branch’s subsidiaries and affiliates as necessary to help us provide, support, and maintain the Services.In connection with or during negotiation of any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. Updating Your Information and Contact Preferences; California Shine the Light Law We provide Clients with a mechanism to access, review and update information via the dashboard. If you wish to review or update your information, please visit branch.io and login using the username and password you created.Next, please select “Account Settings” which can be found in the lower left corner of the dashboard screen, then select the “User” tab near the top. If you would like to delete your account, please email support@branch.io. Under California law, California residents who have an established business relationship with us may choose to opt-out of the disclosure of Personal Data about them to third parties for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Our policy is not to disclose Personal Data collected through our Website to a third party for direct marketing purposes without your approval. If you choose to opt-out at any time after granting approval, email privacy@branch.io. California residents who have provided us with Personal Data can also request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed their Personal Data (if any) for such third parties’ direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of Personal Data disclosed to those parties. If you are a California resident and would like such a list, please email privacy@branch.io. Securing the information provided by our Clients and collected through our Website is important to us. Branch has implemented industry-standard technical, administrative, and physical safeguards to help protect the information on our servers against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your own passwords. If you have reason to believe that your passwords or Personal Data are no longer secure, please promptly notify us at privacy@branch.io. Our Data Retention Policy For our Services: Branch stores the information collected by our Services (see the “What Information Does Branch Collect from our Services?” section above) so long as our systems continue to encounter that User. After that User has been inactive for 30 days (or 90 days for specific attribution products), identifiers collected from that User will be deleted unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client. Usage activity logs, which are used for the purpose of reporting and analytics, are stored in an identifiable form for no more than 7 days (or up to 60 days as determined by the Client or for specific fields), after which these logs are removed or pseudonymized. Any and all pseudonymized logs are deleted after 12 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client. Aggregated reporting metrics shared with Clients are retained (in aggregate and anonymized form) for up to 24 months, unless otherwise required by applicable law or otherwise agreed between Branch and the Client. Branch may retain information collected by our Services beyond these periods for fraud prevention, analysis, or response, or to protect the safety of Branch, its Clients, Users or the public. For the Website: We store Personal Data such as email address or billing details for so long as you continue to have a business relationship with Branch and for a reasonable time thereafter for record-keeping purposes. If applicable to you, you may ask us to delete that information as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below or pursuant to your right of erasure as described in the “Data Subject Rights” section below. Links to Other Websites The Website and/or Services may contain links to other websites and other websites may reference or link to our Website and/or Services. These other domains and websites are not controlled by Branch, and we do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites or social media platforms. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each and every website and application that you interact with. We do not endorse, screen, or approve, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites or applications. Visiting these other websites or applications is at your own risk. International Data Transfers All information collected via the Website and Services is stored on servers located in the United States. In the process of providing the Services, we may transfer information across borders from other countries or jurisdictions into the United States. By using the Services, each Client and Website User consents to the transfer and processing of information to the U.S. in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Data transfers from the European Union, United Kingdom, and Switzerland are transferred on the basis of legal mechanisms approved by the European Commission and other relevant authorities for cross-border data transfers, such as Standard Contractual Clauses or the Privacy Shield mechanism discussed in the “Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States” section below.Privacy Shield For EU, UK, and Swiss Personal Data Transferred into the United States Branch complies with the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data from European Union member countries (including European Economic Area member countries), the United Kingdom, and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. Branch recognizes that the Court of Justice of the European Union ruled in July 2020 that a certification under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework no longer can serve as the basis by which entities subject to the GDPR export personal data to jurisdictions outside the European Economic Area, and that the Swiss Data Protection Authority similarly held the Swiss-US Privacy Shield inadequate. Branch will continue to honor its obligation to comply with the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to data that was transferred pursuant to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit visit https://www.privacyshield.gov Branch no longer relies on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield to transfer data that originated in the EEA or the United Kingdom to the U.S. Branch is subject to the investigatory and enforcement authority of the US Federal Trade Commission. Pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks we are obliged to inform EU, UK, and Swiss individuals whose data is being transferred into the United States that we may be required to release Personal Data in response to lawful requests by public authorities including to meet national security and law enforcement requirements. Branch remains liable for the onward transfer of EU, UK, and Swiss personal data to agent third parties pursuant to the Privacy Shield unless we can prove we were not a party to the actions giving rise to the damages. We acknowledge the right of EU, UK, and Swiss individuals to access their Personal Data pursuant to the Privacy Shield. EU, UK, and Swiss individuals wishing to exercise this right may do so by contacting privacy@branch.io. In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Branch commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. European Union, UK, and Swiss individuals with Privacy Shield inquiries or complaints should first contact Branch at: Branch Metrics, Inc. 195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101 Palo Alto, CA 94306 or by email at privacy@branch.io Branch has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit http://www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you. If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction Data Subject Rights California Consumer Privacy Act The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to natural persons who are residents of California. Our CCPA privacy notice is available here . Rights of Residents of the European Economic Area and United Kingdom The European General Data Protection Regulation of 2018 (“GDPR”) and equivalent requirements in the United Kingdom including the Data Protection Act 2018 and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (“ UK Data Protection Law ”) provides certain rights to residents of Europe. Information on how you can exercise rights under the GDPR and UK Data Protection Law are set forth here . Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (“LGPD”) provides certain rights to residents of Brazil. Information on how you can exercise rights under the LGPD are set forth here Our Policy Regarding Children Services: The Branch Services are not directed to children. We require that Clients agree to not send to us data relating to any children under 13 (or, in certain jurisdictions, under 16). If you are a Client and want to learn more about Branch SDK Privacy Controls that you can use in your compliance with the U.S.Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), GDPR, or any other applicable law, please contact privacy@branch.io. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) in violation of applicable law, please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any information that it may have been provided inappropriately. The Branch Website is not directed to children. We do not knowingly collect through the Website Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under the age of 16). If you are under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), please do not attempt to register or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) may provide any Personal Data to us. In the event that we learn that we have collected any such data from a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16) through our Website, we will take reasonable steps to delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 (and in certain jurisdictions under 16), please contact us at privacy@branch.io, so that Branch can promptly investigate and delete any inappropriately obtained information. Contact Us, Questions, Changes to This Privacy Policy We may change this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion. We will post all changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate at the top of the page the modified Privacy Policy’s effective date. If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: Branch Metrics, Inc. 195 Page Mill Road, Suite 101 Palo Alto, CA 94306 or by email at info@branch.io Compliance This Privacy Policy shall be implemented by Branch and all its operating divisions, subsidiaries and affiliates. Branch has put in place mechanisms to verify ongoing compliance with Privacy Shield Principles and this Privacy Policy. Privacy Policy for Job Applicants and Personnel Version Effective January 12, 2023 Table of Contents Branch Metrics, Inc. Privacy Policy For Job Applicants and Personnel Identifiers, such as your name, email address, phone number, and other information about you, and such information about your beneficiaries or emergency contacts; Your resume or CV, cover letter, copies of identification documents, such as driver’s licenses, passports, visas, background reports, and any other personal information you submit as part of your employment application; Career information such as work experience, job titles, work dates and work locations, performance information, information about skills, qualifications, experience, publications, and speaking engagements; absence and leave records; professional memberships; disciplinary and grievance information; and termination information; Financial information, such as information that may be necessary for the administration of payroll, and bank account and tax information;Business travel and expense information, such as travel itinerary information, corporate expenses, and Branch credit card usage; Education information, such as institutions attended, degrees, certifications, training courses, publications, and transcript information; Legally protected classification information, such as sensitive information you submit as part of the application or recruitment process, including demographic information, health information, religious beliefs, sexual orientation, marital status, nationality, and ethnicity; Sensitive personal information, such as Social Security Number, passport number, and driver’s license number. Some other information, such as legally protected classification information, may be considered “sensitive personal information” under California law; Electronic and other workplace monitoring information.We may monitor your activity (including online activity) on Branch networks or Branch-issued technology (e.g., smartphones, laptops, tablets, etc.); Internet, electronic network, and device activity and device information and related identifiers such as information about your use of the Branch network, information, and communication systems, including user IDs, passwords, IP addresses, device IDs, web logs, metadata, and audit trails of system access; Audio or visual information, such as CCTV footage, as well as other information relating to the security of our premises; recorded presentations in which you participate; and photographs taken at Branch functions; Medical information about you, and, if applicable, your beneficiaries, such as dependent information, spousal or partner information, health information, sickness records, and medical conditions; Other information that directly or indirectly identifies you, such as date and place of birth, citizenship, and permanent residence (and such information about your dependents or emergency contacts); and information on any publicly available social media profile of yours that mentions your connection to us or our services. For talent acquisition and employee lifecycle management purposes, such as recruiting and hiring job applicants (including, where permitted by and in compliance with applicable law, conducting background checks), administering employee compensation and benefits, soliciting survey feedback to improve the employee experience, and managing the employee termination process; For performance management purposes, including performance reviews, employee mobility and talent development, and attendance monitoring; For operational purposes, such as for processing payroll, administering benefits, managing the company directory, accounting for purchases by employees, managing workplace safety and security, managing Branch’s network and systems, and developing business continuity and disaster recovery plans; For policy enforcement purposes, such as conducting ethics and disciplinary investigations, administering and enforcing privacy and security training programs, and managing audit and compliance matters; To comply with applicable laws, regulations, legal processes, or enforceable government requests as necessary; and To exercise our legal rights, including seeking advice from our external lawyers or in connection with litigation with a third party. Social Security Number or government identifiers such as passport number, driver’s license number, or state ID card number for legal compliance, payroll, benefits, tax, and immigration purposes; Health information, which may include disability status, to provide reasonable workplace accommodations and manage absences, for workplace health and safety purposes, and for compliance with applicable law and contracts or to exercise rights thereunder; Racial/ethnic origin, sexual orientation, and/or disability status for equal opportunity and diversity and inclusion purposes and compliance with applicable law, or to exercise rights thereunder. access to your personal information including the right to obtain confirmation that we are processing your personal information and the right to know the categories of personal information we have or will collect about you and the reason we will or have collected such information; correction of the personal information that we have or will hold about you that is inaccurate; deletion or removal of your personal information. Professional Services Terms & Conditions Version Effective March 22, 2023 Table of Contents Professional Services Terms & Conditions Last Updated: March 22, 2023 These Professional Services Terms & Conditions (“PS Terms") are entered into by and between of Branch Metrics, Inc., a Delaware corporation ("Branch," "Branch Metrics," "we," or "us") and the entity or person purchasing certain Professional Services made available by Branch (“Customer” or “you” or “your”). By entering into a statement of work for Professional Services (“SOW”) with Branch referencing these PS Terms and/or an Order Form referencing an SOW that incorporates these PS Terms (the “Agreement”), you agree to be legally bound by and warrant that you are authorized to agree to these PS Terms on behalf of you and/or your company. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE PS TERMS, DO NOT USE BRANCH’S PROFESSIONAL SERVICES. Branch may update these PS Terms from time to time. The updated version of these Term will be available at https://legal.branch.io/#professional-services (or its successor URL) and effective and binding as of the date indicated at the top of these PS Terms. I. DEFINITIONS. “Affiliate” means any entity which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the subject entity. “Control,” for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity.“Branch Materials” means any documentation, technical configuration, workflow templates, starter code, software components, content, materials, methodologies, or other intellectual property that is developed, conceived, or acquired by Branch or its Affiliates (a) prior to the Effective Date or (b) outside of the scope of the Agreement. “Branch PS” means Branch’s Professional Services organization including Branch’s and its Affiliates’ employees and subcontractors, and employees of subcontractors that assist in providing the Professional Services. “Change Order” means any change to an SOW or Order Form, as applicable. Change Orders will be deemed incorporated by reference in the applicable SOW or Order Form, as applicable in the absence of an SOW. “Customer Materials” means Customer-owned or licensed materials, including but not limited to content libraries, logos, trademarks, information, facilities, software, hosted platforms, APIs, personnel, systems and infrastructure, that are provided to Branch in connection with the Professional Services. “Deliverables” means all works of authorship, inventions, know-how, ideas, materials, information, designs, and files made or conceived or reduced to practice, in whole or in part by Branch or on Branch’s behalf in connection with the Professional Services, and all intellectual property rights relating thereto. “Effective Date” means the date set forth in the SOW on which the SOW takes effect. “Order Form” means an ordering document that is entered into between Customer and Branch, including any addenda and supplements thereto that identifies the applicable Professional Services being purchased, the mutually agreed upon rate(s) for such Professional Services and any other applicable terms related to the Professional Services. “Professional Services” means the professional services provided to Customer, as described in the applicable SOW, including, without limitation, the development and delivery of any Deliverables related thereto, in accordance with the applicable Professional Services (as set forth in the applicable SOW). Professional Services excludes Services (as defined below). “Services” means Branch’s software-as-a-service offerings. “Services Agreement” means the separate agreement governing Customer’s use of Branch’s software-as-a-service offerings. II. SCOPE OF SERVICES. The SOW sets forth the Professional Services to be provided by Branch to Customer. Any item or activity not expressly included within the scope of a SOW is deemed outside the scope and may require a Change Order or separate SOW, which may be subject to additional fees. Professional Services referenced in a SOW are in support of Branch’s Services, as defined by the applicable Order Form and/or Services Agreement between Branch and Customer, except as may otherwise be specified in the SOW. Branch’s provision of, or any changes to, Branch’s Services are outside the scope of the SOW. III. TERM AND TERMINATION. The term and any applicable timelines for the delivery of Professional Services is set forth in the SOW or Order Form, as applicable. In the event the timeline needs to be extended, the Parties shall enter into a mutually agreeable Change Order that outlines extended term and any additional fees, as applicable.Either party may terminate this SOW if the other party is in material breach of Agreement and fails to cure that breach within thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice. Any termination of the applicable Services Agreement will also terminate this SOW. IV. RESTRICTIONS ON USE. Customer must comply with all applicable laws when using the Professional Services. Except as expressly permitted under these PS Terms, Customer will not, and will not permit anyone else to: (a) film or record Branch’s delivery of Professional Services or Branch Materials, (b) use the Professional Services for the purposes of evaluating or monitoring their quality or performance, or for any other benchmarking or competitive purposes; (c) remove or alter proprietary notices from the Professional Services or Branch Materials; or (d) use, sell, copy, modify, create derivative works based on, publicly perform, publicly display, or distribute the Professional Services or Branch Materials except as necessary to facilitate Customer’s use of Branch’s Professional Services and/or the Services. V. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. Customer Materials . Customer retains all right, title, and interest in and to all Confidential Information of Customer and Customer Materials. In its performance of Professional Services, Branch may require access to certain Customer Materials. Customer grants Branch a worldwide, non-exclusive right to use, copy, distribute, create derivative works based on, display, and modify Customer Materials as reasonably necessary for Branch PS to provide Professional Services to Customer.Customer represents and warrants that it has all rights and consents necessary to provide the foregoing license to Branch and that it will use best efforts to timely provide Customer Materials to Branch upon Branch’s request. Deliverables and Branch Materials . Branch owns and reserves all right, title, and interest in and to all Confidential Information of Branch, the Professional Services, Branch Materials, and Deliverables, and all intellectual property used by or on behalf of Branch in providing the Professional Services, including without limitation, all processes, know-how, code, data, reports and related materials (and modifications or derivatives thereof). If Branch uses the Deliverables for any purpose outside of the scope of the Agreement, such Deliverables will not contain any Confidential Information of Customer or Customer Materials. Subject to Customer’s payment of fees for the Professional Services pursuant to the terms of the applicable SOW and / or Order Form, Branch grants Customer a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, right and license to use (i) the Branch Materials solely as necessary to use the Deliverables, and (ii) the Deliverables solely as necessary for Customer’s internal business purposes to use the Services during the term of the applicable Services Agreement. Nothing contained in these PS Terms limits Branch’s right to develop, use, market, or sell services or products that are similar to the Deliverables and/or Professional Services provided to Customer pursuant to a SOW, or to use such Deliverables and/or Professional Services (excluding Customer Materials and Confidential Information of Customer) to perform similar services for any other purposes, including without limitation in connection with other projects and customers. VI. COMPLETION. Unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable SOW, all Professional Services will be deemed completed upon delivery of all of the Deliverables set forth in an applicable SOW (“Notice of Completion”). Unless otherwise expressly stated in the applicable SOW, if, in your reasonable discretion, the Deliverables fail to materially conform to the agreed upon specifications set forth in the SOW, you must inform Branch of such non-conformance in writing within five (5) business days of the Notice of Completion and Branch will make reasonable efforts to correct and redeliver the Deliverables promptly, at which point the Professional Services will be deemed completed. VII. FEES & TAXES. Fees . Customer will pay Branch fees for the Professional Services at the rates specified in the applicable SOW or Order Form within thirty (30) days of receipt of invoice or as otherwise agreed to by the parties in the applicable SOW or Order Form. Customer is responsible for all undisputed fees, even if such fees are due and payable after termination of the Professional Services, or any portion thereof. Fees are non-cancellable and failure to use the Professional Services does not constitute a basis for refusing to pay any fees. Except as expressly provided in an applicable SOW or Order Form, you will not receive any refund or prorated refund for amounts previously paid or amounts owed for the term of the SOW or Order Form. Overdue Charges . If any invoiced amount is not received by Branch by the due date set forth in the applicable invoice, then without limiting Branch’s rights or remedies, those charges may accrue late interest at the rate of 2.5% of the outstanding balance per month. Suspension or Cancellation of Service; Payment Acceleration . Without derogating from any other remedies available to Branch under these PS Terms or by applicable law, if you owe any undisputed fees thirty (30) days or more past due in connection with any Services provided by Branch under any applicable Order Form, then, without affecting any of your payment obligations under the applicable Order Form, SOW, and/or Services Agreement, Branch is entitled to take further action including but not limited to accelerating your unpaid fee obligations under such agreement so that all such obligations become immediately due and payable, and suspending and/or canceling your access to the Professional Services and Services until such amounts are paid in full. Branch reserves the right to send your account to a collections agency for nonpayment (which may, in turn, report the uncollected debt to credit bureaus) and to use your contact information for debt collection purposes if the applicable agreement is terminated for non-payment as set forth herein following a 10-day cure period. Taxes . Branch’s fees do not include any local, state, or federal sales, use, excise, personal property, VAT, or other similar taxes, duties, levies, tariffs, and other governmental charges (including, without limitation, any withholding tax, and any such taxes, to the extent legally applicable, which shall be borne and paid by Customer) (collectively, "Taxes").If Branch has the legal obligation to pay or collect Taxes for which Customer is responsible under this section, Branch will invoice Customer and Customer will pay that amount unless you provide Branch with a valid tax exemption certificate authorized by the appropriate taxing authority. For clarity, Customer is responsible for payment of all Taxes resulting from any fees payable hereunder, other than any taxes based on Branch’s net income, property, and employees. VIII. CONFIDENTIALITY Definition . Each party to these PS Terms (a “Receiving Party”) may have access to, or become acquainted with, certain non-public confidential information of the other party (a “Disclosing Party”) including without limitation all information clearly identified as confidential at the time of disclosure (“Confidential Information”). Customer and Branch further agree that, subject to the rights and licenses granted herein, each party's Confidential Information shall include, without limitation, all non-public information regarding the Disclosing party, including without limitation any customer, customer prospect, the terms of the Agreement, conditions and pricing, marketing, technical, business and/or strategic plans or information provided by the Disclosing Party to the Receiving party in the performance of the Services under the Agreement. Use and Disclosure . Each party agrees as follows: (a) to use the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party only for the purposes permitted by these PS Terms and the SOW (the "Purpose"); (b) to take all reasonable steps to ensure that the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information is not disclosed or distributed by the Receiving Party’s employees or agents to another party in violation of the Agreement, but in no event will the Receiving party use less effort to protect the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party than it uses to protect its own Confidential Information of like importance; (c) to restrict access to the Confidential Information disclosed by the Disclosing Party to such of the Receiving Party’s employees, agents and third parties, if any, who have a legitimate need to have access for the Purpose and who have agreed in writing or are otherwise bound to treat such information in accordance with the Agreement; and (d) to return or destroy all Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party’s written request, after termination of the Agreement. Exclusions . The Receiving Party will not be obligated under this confidentiality section with respect to information that: (a) is or has become readily publicly available through no act or omission of the Receiving Party or its employees or agents; (b) is received from a third party lawfully in possession of such information and the Receiving Party has no knowledge of any disclosure restrictions on such third party to disclose such information; (c) is disclosed to a third party by the Disclosing Party without restriction on disclosure; (d) was rightfully in the possession of the Receiving Party without restriction prior to its disclosure by the Disclosing Party; or (e) was independently developed by employees or consultants of the Receiving Party without reliance on, or reference to, such Confidential Information. Permitted Disclosures . Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information may be disclosed as required by any court or governmental agency, provided that before disclosing such information the Receiving Party must provide the Disclosing Party with sufficient advance notice of the court or agency’s request for the information to enable the Receiving Party to exercise any rights it may have to challenge or limit the court or agency’s authority to receive such Confidential Information, to the extent permitted by applicable law. IX. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. INDIRECT DAMAGES DISCLAIMER . NEITHER PARTY WILL BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF REVENUE, GOODWILL, USE, DATA THAT IS INCOMPLETE, MISSING, OR INCORRECT, OR OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSSES (EVEN IF THAT PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES), RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT. DIRECT LIABILITY . UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF A PARTY RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT(INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTY CLAIMS), REGARDLESS OF THE FORUM AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY ACTION OR CLAIM IS BASED IN CONTRACT, WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY, OR OTHER TORT, BREACH OF ANY STATUTORY DUTY, OR OTHERWISE, EXCEED THE AMOUNTS PAID OR PAYABLE BY CUSTOMER OR ITS AFFILIATES UNDER THE APPLICABLE ORDER FORM OR SOW FOR THE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES OUT OF WHICH THE LIABILITY AROSE. X. WARRANTY & DISCLAIMER. Branch warrants that it will provide the Professional Services in a professional and workmanlike manner.Customer’s sole and exclusive remedy for Branch’s breach of this Section X will be the re-performance of the non-conforming portions of the Professional Services, in accordance with Section IX above. If Branch is unable to re-perform, Customer will be entitled to recover the fees paid to Branch attributable to the non-conforming portions of the Professional Services. EXCEPT AS SET FORTH HEREIN, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES AND DELIVERABLES ARE PROVIDED “AS-IS" AND BRANCH DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATORY OR OTHERWISE REGARDING THE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES AND DELIVERABLES, AND CUSTOMER RELIES ON THE PROFESSIONAL SERVICES AND DELIVERABLES AT ITS OWN RISK. XI. NON-SOLICITATION. During the term of the applicable SOW or Order Form and for a period of one (1) year thereafter, Customer shall not interfere with Branch’s relationship with, or endeavor to entice away from Branch, any person who, on the date of the termination of or expiration of the Agreement, was an employee of Branch. XII. PERFORMANCE & RESPONSIBILITIES. Branch Performance. The Branch PS team that will perform the Professional Services as set forth in the SOW or Order Form. Branch retains the exclusive right to select the Branch PS personnel that will provide the Professional Services and to make changes as required in Branch’s discretion. As between Customer and Branch, Branch is responsible for (i) the performance of the Professional Services by Branch PS personnel under in accordance with the Agreement and (ii) all matters related to Branch PS’s employment, including, without limitation, compensation, benefits, and any statutory obligations. Branch reserves the right to reject any request for work outside the scope of the SOW. Branch PS and Customer will use commercially reasonable efforts to attend all scheduled meetings and meet all agreed-to deadlines. The timeliness of communications and other activities by Customer will directly affect Branch’s ability to meet agreed-to schedule deadlines. Additionally, delays resulting from Customer-owned (or licensed) software or hardware issues may result in additional fees. Professional Services will be performed during Branch’s normal business hours (9 AM to 6 PM local time, Monday – Friday, excluding nationally recognized holidays). Issues raised outside of normal business hours may be sent to support@branch.io. Customer Responsibilities. Customer is responsible for any engagement and management of third-party vendors that Customer uses in conjunction with Branch, including any applications and/or services with which Branch’s Services may be connected through integrations. Customer acknowledges that use of third-party technology and/or services not already licensed or purchased by Customer may require additional licenses and fee(s) that must be obtained separately by the Customer from the specific third-party provider of such applications and/or services. Customer will cooperate reasonably and in good faith with Branch PS in their provision of the Professional Services including, without limitation: (a) providing Branch PS sufficient resources, knowledgeable employees or staff of Customer; (b) timely access to accurate and complete Customer Materials; (c) timely, accurate, and complete responses to inquiries or requests for feedback or information from Branch PS; (d) appointing a Customer representative for each Professional Services project to serve as a primary point of contact for Branch PS and to make authorized decisions on behalf of Customer; (e) actively participating in scheduled project meetings with Branch PS, and (f) abiding by Customer obligations specified in the applicable SOW. If Customer’s failure to comply with this Section XII(b) prevents Branch from providing the Professional Services by the end of the term of the SOW, as determined by Branch in its sole discretion, Branch’s obligation to provide the Professional Services will be excused, Branch will not be responsible for any delays resulting therefrom, and the SOW and all Professional Services provided thereunder, shall terminate unless the Parties mutually agree in writing to extend the term of the SOW by way of a Change Order. If any delay in the provision of Professional Services is caused by Customer and results in additional fees, Customer will pay such additional fees. XIII. MISCELLANEOUS Governing Law & Venue . The Agreement and all matters arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflict of law provisions. The parties expressly disclaim and exclude the application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods. Any legal action or proceeding arising out of or relating to the Agreement shall be brought exclusively in the state or federal courts located in the Northern District of California.Assignment . The Agreement is not assignable, transferable or sublicensable by either party, except with other party’s prior written consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), unless a party is assigning this Agreement to (a) a successor to all or part of its assets or business or (b) an Affiliate. Any attempted assignment or transfer by either party in violation of this Section XIII(b) will be void. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will be binding on the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Relationship between the Parties . The parties are independent contractors. No agency, partnership, joint venture, fiduciary or employment relationship is created as a result of the Agreement, and Customer does not have any authority of any kind to bind Branch in any respect whatsoever. Notices . Except as otherwise specified in the SOW, all notices of termination (“Legal Notices”) will be provided via email and will be effective upon receipt by e-mail as set forth below. If to Branch, all Legal Notices shall be provided to legal@branch.io. Billing-related notices to Customer will be provided via email and addressed to the relevant billing contact designated by Customer on the applicable Order Form. All Legal Notices and other notices to Customer will be provided via email and addressed to the relevant Services account administrator designated by Customer. Reseller Customer Terms & Conditions Version Effective June 22, 2023 Table of Contents Reseller Terms & Conditions 1. Introduction 2. Definitions https://docs.branch.io/ 3. SERVICE ACCESS AND AVAILABILITY 4. USE RESTRICTIONS; UPDATES & SUPPORT https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-aup here http://help.branch.io/ http://help.branch.io/ 5. BETA SERVICES 6. CANCELLATION AND TERMINATION Branch Acceptable Use Policy 7. SURVIVAL 8. PRIVACY POLICY & DATA RIGHTS http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ http://www.aboutads.info/ http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-privacypolicy http://www.aboutads.info/principles http://www.edaa.eu/european-principles/ https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-ca-privacy-addendum 9. RESTRICTED AREAS OF THE SERVICES 10. LINKS AND THIRD-PARTY CONTENT 11. TRADEMARKS 12. AGENCIES & PARTNERS 13. CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 14. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS 15. WARRANTY & DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES 16. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 17. INDEMNITY 18. MISCELLANEOUS https://legal.branch.io/#branchio-ts-cs 19. CONTACTING US info@branch.io SaaS Branch App DPA Version Effective June 16, 2023 Table of Contents Page: Please download the PDF to view this document. Effective December 16, 2022 to June 16, 2023 Table of Contents Page: Please download the PDF to view this document. Service Level Addendum Version Effective March 24, 2023 Table of Contents SERVICE LEVEL ADDENDUM Last Updated: March 21, 2023 Customer Support This Service Level Addendum (“Addendum”) is made by and between Branch Metrics, Inc. (“Branch”) and Customer (each a “Party”, collectively the “Parties”) as an integral part of the Master Services Agreement or other written agreement (“Agreement”) between Branch and Customer for the provisions of deep linking and attribution analytics services (“Services”). “Customer” means the entity that executed the Agreement. These terms govern Branch’s provision of service level support to Customer. All other relevant terms are set forth in the Agreement. In the event there is a conflict or inconsistency between the terms of the Agreement and this Addendum, the terms of this Addendum shall supersede and control over conflicting or inconsistent Agreement language.Exclusions This Addendum does not apply to any: (a) features designated beta services (unless otherwise stated in the associated Branch documentation available at https://help.branch.io/developers-hub (or its successor URL), (b) responding to problems caused by third party software, (c) configuration changes for third party software, (d) support for issues related to the operation of the Services on local personal computers and related printing issues or problems with the browser and loading the required add-on programs, (e) firewall support, (f) responding to problems caused by hardware, (g) on-site support, (h) Maintenance (as defined below), (i) errors: (i) caused by factors outside of Branch’s reasonable control, (ii) that resulted from Customer's equipment, software or hardware or third party software or hardware, or both; (iii) that resulted from abuses or other behaviors that violate the Agreement, (iv) from Customer’s employees, agents, contractors, or vendors, or anyone gaining access to Branch’s Services by means of Customer’s passwords or equipment, or otherwise resulting from Customer’s failure to follow appropriate security practices; or (v) that result from Customer’s failure to adhere to the Agreement (including Branch’s Documentation). Support Channels The service levels set forth in this Addendum are only available for support requests submitted according to the requirements set forth in this Addendum. In order to provide support to Customer, all technical support requests must expressly identify the applicable customer account and be submitted to Branch via email at support@branch.io or the “Submit a Ticket” function at http://help.branch.io/ (herein referred to as “Support Team”). Availability Branch customer support is available based on the level of support purchased by Customer via the Order Form. All Branch customers are entitled to Standard Support. Additional support may be purchased in the form of Enhanced Support or Premium Support. The purchase of either Enhanced Support or Premium Support under an applicable Order Form supersedes the provision of Standard Support. Standard Support Support is available to Customer between 09:00 to 17:00, local time for Customer, not including Saturday, Sunday, or Branch company holidays. Customers who have executed an Order Form with Branch but have not purchased Enhanced Support or Premium Support in such Order Form will receive Standard Support as described in the Issue Response Time table provided below. Enhanced Support If Customer has purchased Enhanced Support as indicated on the applicable Order Form, the Support will be available to Customer during weekdays from 00:00 Monday to 24:00 Friday, local time for Customer, not including Saturday, Sunday, or Branch company holidays. Premium Support If Customer has purchased Premium Support as indicated on the applicable Order Form, the Support Team will be available to Customer twenty-four (24) hours a day, seven (7) days a week. Customer may request a live troubleshooting session for technical support requests submitted per the requirements above. Such requests must be submitted electronically in writing to http://help.branch.io/ (or its successor URL) at least one (1) Business Day in advance. The Support Team will not be available for live troubleshooting sessions during weekends and Branch company holidays. Customer is entitled to a maximum of ten (10) hours of live troubleshooting calls per calendar year, with a maximum of thirty (30) minutes allocated by Branch for each call. “Business Day” means between 09:00 to 17:00, local time for Customer, not including Saturday, Sunday, or Branch company holidays. Service Level Agreement (SLA) The following table will be used by Branch to prioritize Customer technical support requests and to give Customer a target first response time. Assignment of Severity Level is at Branch’s sole discretion. Branch’s first response time and frequency of updates to Customer will be made on a case-by-case basis. Severity Levels and First Response Time by Support Tier Severity Level Definition Standard Support Enhanced Support Premium Support Sev 0 - Outage A service outage of Branch systems that would impact link redirection or attribution. 2 Hours 1 Hour 1 Hour Sev 1 - High The Services are completely unavailable for use by Customer, and no procedural workaround exists, thereby causing a severe impact to Customer’s business operations. 1 Business Day 4 hours 2 hours Sev 2 - Medium Customer experiences a severe defect or configuration issue with the use of the Services and no procedural workaround exists, thereby causing a high impact to Customer’s business operations (excluding Service failures that qualify as Severity Level High).2 Business Days 8 hours 4 hours Sev 3 - Low Customer experiences an issue where Customer’s use of the Services are partially reduced, thereby causing a low-to-medium impact to Customer’s business operations. A procedural workaround exists (excluding Service issues that qualify as Severity Level High or Medium). 5 Business Days 1 Business Day 8 hours Supplier Code of Conduct Version Effective February 15, 2023 Table of Contents Supplier Code of Conduct Introduction This Supplier Code of Conduct (“Supplier Code”) has been established to summarize Branch's core values and expected standards of conduct for its vendors, contractors, consulting firms, staffing agencies, agency temps, partners, licensees and other intermediaries and their respective employees and affiliates (collectively, “Suppliers” or “you”) to comply with when working with Branch. All Suppliers shall promote a safe, diverse, lawful and respectful work environment. We believe that this Supplier Code will reinforce those qualities and attributes that have made both Branch and you successful. Suppliers are expected to review, understand and comply with the policies set forth in this Supplier Code. The Supplier Code should be viewed as the minimum standards that we expect and is not intended in any way to lessen your contractual obligations with Branch. Failure to comply with this Supplier Code may result in Branch’s review of its engagement with a Supplier and may result in termination of Supplier’s relationship with Branch. This Supplier Code and all policies contained herein will be administered in accordance with applicable law and may be updated from time to time. If you have questions about this Supplier Code, you can contact Branch at legal@branch.io . Compliance with Rules, Laws, and Regulations Suppliers are expected to comply with all applicable rules, laws, and regulations at all times while working with Branch. You have a responsibility to be knowledgeable about specific laws and regulations that apply to your area of business. If a law conflicts with this Supplier Code, you must comply with the law. Diversity and Non-Discrimination Diversity is at the forefront of Branch’s mission and culture. We are and remain committed to being a globally diverse, ethical, moral and inclusive company that is tolerant of all individuals from all different backgrounds because we believe the best ideas come from a diverse way of looking at technology and the world. Accordingly, Suppliers shall provide an environment free from unlawful discrimination on the basis of personal characteristics, such as age, race, religion, national origin, caste, ancestry, disability, medical condition, marital status, sex, pregnancy, gender identity, sexual orientation, or any other basis protected by applicable law. Additionally, we expect all Suppliers to promote working environments where all individuals are entitled to equal opportunities and fair treatment. Anti-Harassment Each Supplier shall ensure its workplace is free of harassment. Harassment means any verbal, physical, and visual conduct that creates an intimidating, offensive, or hostile working environment or that interferes with an individual’s work performance. Harassing conduct can take many forms and may include, but is not limited to, the following: slurs, jokes, statements, gestures, assault, impeding or blocking another’s movement or otherwise physically interfering with normal work, or sharing inappropriate materials. Non-Retaliation No Supplier will retaliate against an individual for filing a good faith complaint of unlawful discrimination or harassment or for participating in any good faith investigation of alleged discrimination or harassment. Conflicts of Interest Branch expects all Suppliers to avoid conflicts of interest and to operate with the highest level of ethics and integrity. A potential conflict of interest, or the appearance of one, occurs when your outside interests (for example, financial or personal interests) interfere with or influence, or even just appear to interfere with or influence, yours or Branch’s business interests or your work-related duties. Suppliers may give and accept common courtesy items that are of modest cost, provided for legitimate business purposes and are understood as customary in Supplier’s industry. However, Suppliers must refrain from giving or accepting any gifts or other items with an intent to influence Branch, its customers, prospects, agents, employees or representatives or to obtain an improper business advantage, or in exchange for favors or benefits.Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Branch Supplier's are strictly prohibited from partaking in any and all forms of corruption and bribery, including, but not limited to, payment or receipt of bribes or kickbacks to or from foreign or domestic government employees or officials, representatives of commercial enterprises or any other persons, whether made directly or through others such as agents, consultants or other associated parties. Suppliers will take all necessary steps to ensure that corruption and bribery do not occur in its business activities, wherever those business activities may take place. Violations of this nature may result in the termination of Supplier's partnership with Branch and may also lead to civil and criminal penalties. Suppliers will also ensure their compliance with all applicable anti-corruption laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act 2010 and other applicable laws that prohibit unlawful activities to procure a business advantage. Antitrust Suppliers shall refrain from engaging in any and all acts which are or may be considered counter to antitrust and fair competition legislation and regulations. Additionally, Branch expects its Suppliers to promote a free, open and competitive marketplace by avoiding all forms of anti-competitive acts or collusion. Suppliers’ responsibilities under this section shall apply wherever a Supplier conducts business. Confidential Information, Data Privacy and Intellectual Property Our customers, partners and employees entrust us to safeguard their confidential information with the utmost security. As follows, Branch expects all of its Suppliers to protect confidential information and trade secrets regarding Branch and its business practices. Branch confidential information should only be used in accordance with existing confidentiality obligations for authorized purposes, disclosed on a need-to-know basis, and subject to separate written confidentiality obligations. Similarly, intellectual property including, but not limited to trade secrets, patents, copyrights, trademarks, logos, and other inventions, belonging to Branch, shall be handled with the appropriate level of care and preserved to the extent legally permissible. We encourage all Suppliers to regularly review their confidentiality practices. In the event Supplier controls or processes personal information and/or personal data as defined under applicable data protection laws, Suppliers must ensure that their control and processing of such information and data is in accordance with applicable data protection laws, rules, statutes, and regulations. Suppliers are expected to maintain a privacy policy describing its privacy practices and handling of personal information. Healthy Workplace and Labor Practices Branch Suppliers must provide all employees with safe and healthy workplace conditions that comply with all applicable laws. Suppliers will also refrain from engaging or attempting to engage in any and all forms of child labor, modern slavery, and human trafficking in violation of all applicable laws. Environmental Protection Branch Suppliers shall conduct their business and operations in such a manner that is respectful, responsible and protective of the environment. At a minimum, Suppliers shall comply with all applicable environmental laws, regulations and standards. Whenever possible, Branch encourages its Suppliers to continually review their internal operations in order to reduce waste, promote clean air initiatives, and conserve resources. International Trade and Export Controls Branch expects Suppliers to comply with all applicable import, export, customs, sanctions, embargoes, boycott and other trade compliance laws and regulations during the entirety of Branch and Supplier’s engagement. Accurate and Complete Books and Records All Suppliers must maintain accurate records of all transactions and ensure that the Supplier’s books and records accurately and fairly reflect, with appropriate detail, all transactions, expenses, or other dispositions of assets with regard to its business with Branch. No Supplier employee or other worker shall falsify or otherwise mislead Branch with regard to any records or books Supplier maintains. Reporting Breaches of this Policy Compliance with this Supplier Code is, first and foremost, the personal responsibility of Suppliers, including every individual employed by Supplier. All personnel are encouraged to report, in person or in writing, any known or suspected violations of this Supplier Code to Branch at legal@branch.io . Any questions or violation reports will be addressed promptly. Branch will not tolerate any retaliation by Supplier against any individual who acts in good faith in reporting any violation of this Supplier Code.Supplier will investigate reported violations and will determine an appropriate response, including corrective action and preventive measures, and will include Branch in this process at its request. *** Technical Audit Services SOW Version Effective June 7, 2023 Table of Contents Technical Audit Services Statement of Work https://legal.branch.io/#professional-services SCOPE OF AUDIT SERVICES Service Description Discovery Conduct remote discovery sessions to assist with identifying Customer's integration settings of Branch and review documentation of their configurationGather information on Customer’s use cases and prioritiesMeet with Customer’s key stakeholders and personnel to gather information about the Customer's current system and integration of Branch Engagement Management Support Customers in tracking requests and action itemsConduct regular cadence check-ins to review status of the Audit Services and any issues or problems identified during the engagementProvide guidance and assistance in identifying key use cases and their expected benefits Actively monitor for and escalate risks and issues as they pertain to the Audit Services Integration Assessment Review Customer’s configuration of its Branch dashboardReview Customer’s integration of Branch’s iOS and Android SDKs and associated use casesReview Customer’s integration of their Branch provisioned products and associated use casesReview analytics tag usage for data hygiene Summary Findings; Recommendations Present audit findings to the CustomerProvide assessment of Customer’s Branch integration and outline recommendations on how to leverage Branch’s Services and their provisioned products and use cases PROJECT ROLES & RESPONSIBILITIES Sponsor Project Manager Attending all key Project meetingsBeing a point of contact for day-to-day operationsSecuring participation (as required) of key business process ownersParticipating in Project meetings Functional Consultant(s) / Business Process Owner(s) Attends Project meetings related to area of ownershipAssists in the definition of unique processes outside of standard Branch practicesParticipates in user acceptance testing activities Extended Team Effective April 13, 2023 to June 7, 2023 Table of Contents Technical Audit Services Statement of Work This Technical Audit Services Statement of Work (“SOW”) describes the Technical Audit Services (herein referred to as “Audit Services” or “Professional Services”) to be performed by Branch Metrics, Inc. (“Branch”) for the customer purchasing the Audit Services, as set forth in the Order Form (“Customer”) (each a “Party”, collectively the “Parties”) to the extent Customer has purchased Audit Services, and is effective as of the date of Customer’s Order Form. By executing an Order Form that references this SOW, Customer agrees to the terms of this SOW and the Professional Services Terms & Conditions available at https://legal.branch.io/#professional-services (the “PS Terms”). Any capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the PS Terms. SCOPE OF AUDIT SERVICES Branch PS will provide Customer with resources to assist Customer, as set forth below (the “Project”), subject to Customer’s payment of all applicable fees as set forth in the applicable Order Form. Branch PS and Customer (collectively, the “Project Team”) will commit resources to work on the Project in accordance with the terms herein. The term of this SOW, the payment terms, and the fees for the Audit Services provided hereunder are set forth in the Order Form.Audit Service Description Discovery Conduct remote discovery sessions to assist with identifying Customer's integration settings of Branch and review documentation of their configurationGather information on Customer’s use cases and prioritiesMeet with Customer’s key stakeholders and personnel to gather information about the Customer's current system and integration of Branch Engagement Management Support Customers in tracking requests and action itemsConduct regular cadence check-ins to review status of the Audit Services and any issues or problems identified during the engagementProvide guidance and assistance in identifying key use cases and their expected benefits Actively monitor for and escalate risks and issues as they pertain to the Audit Services Integration Assessment Review Customer’s configuration of its Branch dashboardReview Customer’s integration of Branch’s iOS and Android SDKs and associated use casesReview Customer’s integration of their Branch provisioned products and associated use casesReview analytics tag usage for data hygiene Summary Findings; Recommendations Present audit findings to the CustomerProvide assessment of Customer’s Branch integration and outline recommendations on how to leverage Branch’s Services and their provisioned products and use cases PROJECT ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES The following table sets forth a list of Project roles (not individuals) required to complete the Project. A single individual may take responsibility for any number of roles, or a single role may require more than one individual. Customer acknowledges its participation is critical for Project success. Role Branch PS Customer Sponsor Responsible for allocating Branch PS resources Serve as escalation contact for issues not resolvable by Branch Project Manager Advises the Branch PS teamManages Project resources Responsible for providing Customer resources needed for successful service delivery, and promote process change where necessary Project Manager Responsible for oversight of Branch PS resources, schedules. Supporting responsibilities include: Attending all key Project meetingsBeing a point of contact for day-to-day operationsProviding guidance and assistance for management of Project issuesLeading Project meetings Responsible for the oversight of Customer resources, schedules and responsibilities including: Attending all key Project meetingsBeing a point of contact for day-to-day operationsSecuring participation (as required) of key business process ownersParticipating in Project meetings Administrator N/A Responsible for ongoing Branch administration, once services are delivered Manage user acceptance tasks, including QA testing, training and adoptionManage organization’s ongoing Branch use Functional Consultant(s) / Business Process Owner(s) N/A Responsible for review and acceptance of Branch integration, and identification of exceptions/risks Attend Project meetings related to area of ownershipAssist in the definition of unique processes outside of standard Branch practicesParticipate in user acceptance testing activities Extended Team As needed Branch PS resources (including Solution Architects, Subject Matter Experts, Technical and/or Education resources) to support the scope of the Project Additional Customer resources as needed to support the scope of the Project III. ASSUMPTIONS The Audit Services will be provided for the Branch App ID(s) specified in the Order Form. Upon the Effective Date, Customer shall make available to Branch the resources necessary to support completion of the Project described in this SOW. Customer will assign a single Project Owner prior to commence the Project who will oversee and help coordinate across all Customer-side resources and tasks in collaboration with Branch PS throughout the Project. It is Customer’s responsibility to assess summary findings and recommendations provided by Branch PS under this SOW and execute any desired changes to Customer’s configuration of Branch’s Services to effectuate Branch’s recommendations. Customer will grant administrative access to its Branch dashboard, as well as an appropriate level of access to other platforms for required support for the Project. Third Party List Version Effective January 1, 2023 Table of Contents Branch’s Subprocessors Effective December 22, 2022 to January 1, 2023 Table of Contents Branch’s Subprocessors Effective December 6, 2022 to December 22, 2022 Table of Contents Branch’s Subprocessors Copyright © 2023, Branch Metrics, Inc. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners.They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label