Privacy – Website (Opt-Out) >> Privacy – Website <> Switch to: Privacy – Platform ———————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————— This privacy statement applies to the processing of your data including your personal data on the Internet page www.theadex.com and all partners of Virtual Minds, with all ancillary and sub-pages as well as by The Adex (Platform). The Platform is operated by Virtual Minds GmbH (Operator). The email address of the Operator is: legal@theadex.com . Full contact details can be found in the Imprint of the Operator. The Platform is designed to provide information for the delivery of digital advertising and to manage the digital advertising delivery. The Platform is thus also used by customers of the Operator. In this regard, the Operator will process data on behalf of the respective customer responsible for proper data processing according to the contract. You may retrieve the contents of this Privacy Statement at any time on the Platform via the sub-page of the same name and also print or save a copy by using the corresponding functions in your web browser. Customers of the Operator using the Platform are directed to the privacy policy of the respective customer. I. PRELIMINARY REMARKS The Operator takes the protection of your data very seriously and complies with the data protection laws. These laws serve the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data, which is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. Such data will be processed only to the extent that is required for the performance of any contract or the provisioning and improvement of the Platform. The processing for the performance of the contract is effected only if you initiate or complete a contract with the Operator. In this respect, reference is made to the User Contract. The processing for provisioning and improvement is carried out only if it is provided below or with separate consent, ordered by government authorities or court order or otherwise provided by law. The data is processed by the Operator only in the Member States of the European Union (EU). In particular, the data processing Internet servers of the Operator are located in the Member States of the EU. There is generally no transfer to a third country or an international organization. II. DATA PROCESSING Your data will be processed both independent of and dependent on a form. Form-dependent data represents data entered in a form on the Platform. Form-independent data is data that you also leave behind on the servers of the Operator without entering it in a form. You may also leave behind form-independent data on the servers of the Operator when you use an app or the web page of a customer of the Operator. This data, however, is processed by the Operator only on behalf of its customer responsible for the processing of data. You may find the data privacy notice of this customer on the respective app or website 1. FORM-DEPENDENT PROCESSING The data you enter in a form on the Platform is processed when using the form, in particular after submitting the form. This includes contact details and, if you are a customer of the Operator, your customer account data. Personal data that you provide on a designated form is generally transmitted in encrypted form to the server of the Operator. A) CONTACT FORM If you contact the Operator via a form, the data entered in the contact form will be encrypted on the server of the Operator and transmitted to the Operator by email. There is no further automated processing of your personal data in this respect. The personal data transmitted about your person will be used only for processing your request. If the request is in connection with data processing that the Operator carries out on behalf of a customer, the Operator will transmit your request in encrypted form to the respective customer. Responses are generally sent by email, which will also be transmitted in encrypted form insofar as your mail service provider supports this feature. After final processing of the request, your personal data that you entered in the contact form or in a response to the operator will be deleted. This does not apply if the data is still required for the performance of the contract or statutory retention obligations. In this respect, however, the processing of your data is restricted. B) CUSTOMER ACCOUNT A customer account will be set up for you as a customer of the Operator. In this respect, the data provided in the User Contract and, if applicable, subsequently entered in forms in the customer account, in particular your contact and campaign data, will be stored on the servers of the Operator. You may view the stored data at any time in the customer account as well as edit and complete it by means of the forms in the settings. You can, of course, also personally contact the Operator for example by using the aforementioned email address.The same applies to the erasure of the customer account. However, your data may be erased only if it is no longer required for the performance of the contract or is not subject to statutory retention obligations. In the meantime, the processing of your data is restricted and, in particular, the customer account will be locked. 2. FORM-INDEPENDENT PROCESSING The data that the operator requires for the provision or improvement of the Platform is processed independent of a form. This may include in particular browser cookies, mobile identifiers and access protocols, the data being generally transferred in encrypted form. Data is, for example, information that a user generates when accessing a website. This data – also called data points or metrics – consist for example of time, location, language, address of the website and screen resolution or the content of the page. A tag is a Javascript, which collects information by embedding in the web page. This access allows the tag to both read data and modify the DOM to load additional content or additional tags. In the ADEX DMP there is the possibility to generate freely configurable, dynamic Javascripts, which are responsible for the collection of the above data, but which also take care of the setting/reading of the cookie and the exchange of this cookie information. It is thus possible for the publisher to provide specially defined parameters regarding a user. These can represent additions to existing data points, or new data points such as product purchases with product category, article ID, purchase price. The script can also be supplied by a control server with the URLs of the page elements to be checked. The script uses an algorithm to determine the probability of whether the current user has visited these or other websites. Once a check is completed, the next one follows until all the relevant websites are profiled. A) BROWSER COOKIES The Platform uses cookies. Cookies are small text files or simple entries in a database that are stored in your browser. The data in the cookies can be read again only by the platform that initially stored it. On the one hand, the platform uses cookies when you log in to your account. These cookies ensure that only you can access the data stored in your customer account after logging in. A session ID is stored in the cookie for this purpose. After logging off, the cookie with the ID will be deleted. On the other hand, cookies are used when you visit a web page that uses the Platform. The purpose of these cookies is e.g. to deliver advertising in a target group-oriented and interest-oriented manner or track data for data management and/ or ad verification purposes. An ad ID is stored in the cookie in the process (so that you are not always shown the same advertising, for example). This ID may also be assigned to advertising categories (such as age 18-35/interest in cars). However, these categories may correspond to a larger group of people both individually and together. This means that the Operator is not able to identify you as a person via the ad ID itself or the ID of the assigned categories. Cookies including an ad ID may also be used by customers on whose behalf the Operator processes data when delivering advertising via the Platform. The customers of the Operator may assign the ad ID to their own ID with advertising categories. In this respect, however, the respective customer to which the data privacy statement on the website that you visit applies will be responsible for the data processing. The cookies used by the Platform do not harm your device (e.g. computer/tablet). In particular, they do not contain viruses. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. In this case, you may not be able to use all functions of the Platform or the website visited. The same applies to the deletion of stored cookies. Cookies always belong to a website, more precisely to the associated domain. Only the owner of this website – as a so-called 1st party – may write and read the respective cookie. An example: If a user goes to the website A then only the web server which delivers A may use the corresponding cookie. At this moment, all other cookies in the user’s browser are third-party cookies and thus unreachable. Everything stored in these cookies, including the respective user ID, cannot be used directly. The result: Each provider has its own world of identification features. One and the same user has their own cookie ID in each digital ecosystem (be it an advertiser, publisher or technology provider). The solution is a so-called cookie matching table. This table is the translation tool for advertising technology and is filled, for example, as follows: When a user visits a web page, he automatically receives an individual ID, which of course is stored in the publisher cookie. Now the publisher can make his ID known to other providers (adserver, DSP, etc.) by means of pixel calls.In cookie matching, publisher cookies are paired with external cookies (for example from DSPs, DMPs, or 3rd party ad servers) and assigned to the same user (client) using a table. The matching takes place on the sides of the provider for example for: Google, Doubleclick, Adition, Adclear, Appnexus, Mediamath, The Trade Desk, Adform, Active Agent, Traffiler, Webtrekk, Oath, Tubemogul, nugg.ad, Emetriq, adscale, yieldlab, Abilicom, Adality, Adobe, Krux, Advanced Store, eyeota, Dataxu, Liveramp, Neustar, Nielsen, Pubmatic, platform161, Smart Adserver, Smartstream, Amobee. B) MOBILE IDENTIFIER It is also possible to deliver advertising or content, track data for the purpose of data management in mobile applications (apps) via the Platform. For this purpose, the apps may use a mobile identifier that is provided by the operating system of your device (Apple iOS or Google Android). This identifier ultimately corresponds with the advertising ID from a cookie. This means that the identifier can be assigned to advertising categories in order to customize the advertising in the apps appropriately to target groups and interests. However, the categories always apply to a larger group of people. Therefore, the Operator cannot identify you as a person by means of the identifier as such or by the assigned categories. Customers also use the identifier and assign their own ID e.g. to advertising categories. In this respect, however, the respective customer is responsible for the processing of data. You may prevent the use of the identifier by selecting the appropriatesettings in the app or your operating system. In this case, you may not be able to use all the features of the app or system. The same also applies to changing or deleting the identifier depending on the application and operating system. Reference is made to the data privacy statements of the respective app and your system for details. C) ACCESS PROTOCOLS The use of the platform and the advertising delivery are statistically analyzed. For this purpose and in order to prevent abuse of the Platform, the Operator creates an access protocol. This includes data that is transmitted when establishing a connection between your browser and the Platform. In other words, this includes your IP address, the time of your access or retrieval, the ID in a Platform cookie or the mobile identifier, which address (URL) was accessed, whether the access was successful, and the size of the data transferred by the Platform. Insofar as your browser transmits the corresponding data, the previous address (referrer) as well as information about the used operating system and browser (e.g. saved version) is also stored. You may prevent the transfer of this data by adjusting the settings of your browser, however. The protocols are also statistically analyzed for customers that use the Platform for advertising delivery, data management or otherpurposes. The analysis shows which advertising was delivered and when and to which web page or which app. This means that the logged data is visible only to a limited extent. In particular, the last octet of the IP address is redacted or the . Such an analysis therefore does not allow the identification of your person. D) SOCIAL NETWORKS The Platform links social networks operated by third parties. The purpose is to share or like the Platform or posts on it in the respective network. However, a connection to such a network is established only after you click the button/link for the respective network on the Platform. Owing to the processing of personal data by social networks on which the Operator has no influence, reference is made to the privacy policy of the respective operator: XING (XING SE): https://www.xing.com/privacyLinkedIn (LinkedIn Ireland U.C.): https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policyFacebook (Facebook Ireland Ltd.): https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanationTwitter (Twitter International Company): https://twitter.com/en/privacy III. JOINT PROCESSING If you are affected by processing of your personal data, you have rights vis-a-vis the party responsible for the data processing in ac We work with service providers to improve the user experience of the website and to get a better understanding of the users of our site. In addition, these providers may assist us with promotional activities. We allow certain partners, subject to your consent, to collect data on this website through the cookies described above. With some of these partners, we are joint data controllers within the meaning of data protection law (Art. 26 GDPR). This joint control relates to the collection and transfer of data to us. The following partners and we are currently joint controllers Piwik Pro GmbH – Kurfürstendamm 21, 10719 Berlin – Data privacy We and our partners have divided certain tasks and activities among ourselves as part of our joint control.The allocation is as follows: The partners provide us with a technical solution (herein Tag), which we install on our offers. This Tag enables the collection of the data described in more detail above. In addition, our partners support us, in particular in the processing of data subject inquiries. We take over the collection of consents and/or the implementation of transparency requirements towards you. We pass this information on to the partner in order to communicate the scope and permissibility of the data processing. This also includes this information about the cooperation with partners. In particular, we and the partners will ensure that the necessary data security is in place. Both we and our partner will also fulfil our reporting and notification obligations individually, but will support and inform us to the extent necessary. You can exercise your rights as a data subject described below both towards us and towards our partner. We and our partner are liable for any processing that does not comply with the provisions of the GDPR in accordance with Art. 82 GDPR. Do any questions on the subject of joint responsibility remain? We would be happy to provide you with further information on our cooperation with specific partners. IV. YOUR RIGHTS If you are affected by processing of your personal data, you have rights vis-a-vis the party responsible for the data processing in accordance with data protection regulations. You can contact the Operator at any time in order to assert these rights for example by email to the aforementioned address. The same applies in the case of other questions regarding data protection by the Operator. In addition to the Operator, you may also contact the Data Protection Officer of the Operator: Attorney-at-Law Daniel Raimer, LL.M. at the Law Offices of Daniel Raimer in Düsseldorf. The contact details of the Data Protection Officer are available on his websites Imprint page. If the data processing is carried out on behalf of a customer of the Operator, please do not hesitate to contact this customer at any time; reference is made to the imprint of the respective app and/or website that you use for the customers contact information. When initiating contact concerning advertising on the Internet, you should specify the following information in order to permit a classification: AdexID: AdexID: No ID found When contacting the party in a different context, please also specify the information that may facilitate classification in the respective context (e.g. your customer number if you are a customer). 1. RIGHT OF REVOCATION You have the right to revoke any consent to data processing at any time. Revoking your consent will not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out until the revocation of the consent. 2. RIGHT OF OBJECTION A) GENERAL For reasons arising from your specific situation, you have the right to object to the processing of personal data relating to you that is necessary to carry out a task in the public interest or to safeguard the legitimate interests of the Operator. The Operator will cease processing the personal data unless the Operator can provide legitimate and compelling reasons for the processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms or the processing serves the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. B) ADVERTISING If your data is processed for direct marketing purposes, you have the right to object to the data processing for the purpose of such advertising at any time. If you object to the processing for purposes of direct marketing, your personal data will no longer be processed for these purposes. Opting out will create an opt-out cookie. This cookie prevents your browser from storing cookies with an advertising ID or otherwise assigning you to advertising categories. An already existing Operator ID will be deleted. As a result, customers of the Operator may also no longer be able to assign a separate ID or advertising categories to you. The use of the opt-out cookie requires, of course, that the corresponding settings in your browser do not prevent the storage or deletion of cookies, so after deleting an opt-out cookie you would also need to resubmit the objection. If an opt-out cookie is set in your browser, you can also undo this again via the following link: You can also take advantage of the advertising preference management of the EDAA, which you can reach via the following link: Furthermore, the Operator considers it to be an objection to data processing for advertising purposes if you activate the do-not-track option in your browser settings. If you prevent the use of a mobile identifier in the settings of your mobile device (smartphone/tablet), it is no longer used for advertising delivery via the app(s) of the respective device. This setting does not affect cookies that are stored in the browser of the same device.You would thus need to submit separately an objection to the processing of such cookies (e.g. by using the above linked advertising preference management via the browser of the device). Your right to contact the Operator or its customers personally will, of course, remain unaffected. 3. RIGHT OF APPEAL You have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority if you are of the opinion that the processing of your personal data violates statutory regulations. The responsible authority at the location of the Operator is the state representative for data privacy Berlin. The contact details are available on the web page of LDI. Your right to file a complaint with another supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State of your residence, place of work or the location of the alleged violation, will remain unaffected. Furthermore, the right of appeal will not be affected by any other administrative or judicial appeal. 4. RIGHT TO BE INFORMED You have the right to request a confirmation by the Operator concerning whether your personal data is processed; if this is the case, you have the right to be informed about this data and the following information: (a) the processing purposes; (b) the categories of personal data that are processed; (c) the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the data has been disclosed or will be disclosed; (d) the planned duration for which the data is stored, or if this is not possible the criteria for the definition of this term; (e) your rights under the data protection legislation; (f) if the data is not collected from you, all available information about the origin of the data; (g) the existence of an automated decision-making including profiling and meaningful information about it. For the most part, you can already infer the information from this Data Privacy Statement. In addition, you can naturally contact the Operator for example at the aforementioned email address at any time. On request the Operator will provide you with a copy of the personal data that is subject to the processing. However, this applies only if it does not affect the rights and freedoms of other persons. If you submit the request electronically, your information will be provided in a standard electronic format unless you specify otherwise. 5. RIGHT TO RECTIFICATION You have the right to request the immediate rectification of inaccurate personal data pertaining to you from the Operator. Taking into account the purposes of processing, you also have the right to demand the completion of incomplete personal data including by means of a supplementary declaration. 6. RIGHT TO ERASURE You have the right to request the immediate erasure of inaccurate personal data pertaining to you from the Operator. The Operator will immediately erase such data unless one of the following reasons applies: (a) the data is no longer required for the purposes for which the data was collected or processed in any other way; (b) you revoke your consent on which the processing was based and there is a lack of any legal basis for the processing; (c) you object to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate reasons for the processing or your objection concerns direct marketing; (d) your personal data has been unlawfully processed; (e) the erasure is required to fulfil a legal obligation to which the Operator is subject or (f) the data was collected from an offer of information society services that was directly aimed at a child on the basis of the childs consent. The right to erasure will not apply if the processing is required for the following: (a) to exercise the right to freedom of expression and information; (b) in order to fulfil a legal obligation; (c) to perform a task in the public interest or (d) for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. If this is the case, you may request the restriction of processing. 7. RIGHT TO RESTRICT PROCESSING You have the right to request the restriction (blocking) of processing from the Operator if any of the following conditions apply: (a) you dispute the accuracy of your personal data, namely for a period that allows the Operator to verify the accuracy of this data; (b) the processing is unlawful and you reject the erasure of your data and instead request the restriction of the use of data; (c) the Operator no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of processing but instead for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or (d) you objected to the processing, as long as it is not clear whether the legitimate reasons of the Operator override yours. The consideration of legitimate reasons is not required in the case of objection to the processing for direct marketing purposes.If the processing was restricted, your personal data “apart from being stored“ will be processed only with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, to protect the rights of any other person or for reasons of substantial public interest. If you have obtained a restriction of processing, you will be informed by the Operator before the restriction is lifted. 8. RIGHT TO DATA PORTABILITY You have the right to receive your personal information that you have provided to the Operator in a structured, common and machine-readable format, and you have the right to transmit this data to another responsible person without interference from the Operator provided that the processing is based on your consent or a contract between you and the Operator and the processing is performed by means of automated procedures. In this respect, you have the right to insist that your personal data is directly transmitted from the Operator to another responsible person insofar as this is technically feasible and the rights and freedoms of others are not be affected. Your right to erasure will remain unaffected. This right does not apply to processing that is required for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest. 9. MISCELLANEOUS The Operator will notify all recipients to whom the data has been disclosed of any rectification or erasure of your personal data or a restriction of processing unless this proves impossible or would involve disproportionate effort. The Operator will inform you of such recipients at your request. If the Operator has made the personal data public and is obliged to erase such data, the Operator will take appropriate measures taking into account the available technology and the implementation costs to inform third parties processing your personal data about your request to erase all links to this data or copies of the data. V. FINAL REMARKS 1. LEGAL BASIS The statutory regulations for data protection can be found in particular in the German Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG) and the Telemedia Act (TMG). As of 25 May 2018, however, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) will apply primarily. If you have given explicit consent to the processing of your data, this simultaneously represents the legal basis for data processing for the purposes to which you have consented (Art. 6 (1) (a) GDPR). As far as the processing is necessary for the performance or initiation of a contract, Art. 6 (1) (b) GDPR forms the legal basis. User contracts between you and the Operator entered into or initiated at your request are involved here. In addition, Art. 6 (1) (f) GDPR is the legal basis for the processing of data for safeguarding the legitimate interests of the Operator. This includes the economic interest in the operation of the Platform and, in particular, the delivery of target group-oriented and interest-orientedadvertising. There is no automated decision-making including profiling within the meaning of Art. 22 GDPR. In particular, the assignment to advertising features will have no legal effect on you or affect you significantly in a similar way. 2. PROTECTIVE MEASURES The Operator will, taking into account the nature, scope, circumstances and purposes of the processing as well as the different probabilities of occurrence and severity of the risks for your rights and liberties, initiate appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure that the data processing complies with legal requirements. The measures will take into consideration state-of-the-art technology and, in particular, include the encryption of your data. The equipment and systems on which data is processed are protected against unauthorized access both physically and digitally. In particular, the servers of the Operator are password protected. With regular testing and updating of the software, the Operator will prevent security vulnerabilities that could allow abuse of your data. Only those subordinate persons (employees) of the Operator will receive access to personal data who require it for the fulfilment of their tasks and only to the extent required. The employees of the Operator will be instructed in advance with regard to data processing and obligated to maintain confidentiality. With regular backups, the data is protected against loss and can be restored at any time. The default setting of the systems ensures that only personal data required for the purpose of processing will be processed. In doing so, data protection principles such as data minimization are implemented. In addition, the Operator ensures the confidentiality, integrity, availability and reliability of the systems with technical and organizational measures. The compliance with data protection legislation is regularly reviewed and measures are updated where necessary. Virtual Minds GmbH Ellen-Gottlieb-Str.16D-79106 Freiburg im Breisgau+49 761 88147 – 0 Management Tom PeruzziDirk von BorstelTimo GiebRalf HammerathRicarda Jebsen Careers Like working with bright and talented people? Do not hesitate and reach out to our HR team. Legal & Privacy For questions concerning GDPR, privacy or general legal inquiries, please contact: legal@theadex.comPrivacy – Platform >> Privacy – Platform <> Switch to: Privacy – Website ———————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————————— Last change: 02.03.2022 1. General Information Virtual Minds GmbH, a company of the ProSiebenSat1 Group, offers technologies that enable advertisers to deliver target-group oriented digital ads. The aim of this privacy policy is to inform you in a transparent and easily understandable way about our technology, our services and the associated processing of personal data. We know that what we do is a bit complicated, naturally we are therefore at your disposal for further questions via legal@theadex.com . 2. Contact The controller responsible for data collection and processing is: Virtual Minds GmbHEllen-Gottlieb-Straße 16D-79106 Freiburg im Breisgau You can reach our data protection officer at Attorney Daniel RaimerKanzlei Daniel RaimerErnst-Gnoß-Str. 2240219 Düsseldorf Phone: 0211 4167 4600@: office@kanzlei-raimer.com 3. Information relating to the collection and processing of data through our products 3.1 What kind of products do we offer? We help our customers to understand which of their offers are actually of interest to which users, in order to improve the offers and gain information that enables a target group-oriented and relevant addressing of potential end customers. We help our customers to better understand their users by compiling information about them and on this basis enable target group-specific or user-oriented advertising. 3.2 How do we collect data? Our customers allow us to use so-called “cookies” on their respective digital resources. These are small text files that are stored in your browser on your device. In some cases we use similar technologies such as so-called SDKs, which are mainly used in mobile applications, or so-called pixels or tags, which can be integrated into our customers’ websites and which are used by us like cookies. If you view content on your mobile device, we use the Mobile Advertisement ID (MAID) stored on your device. This ID is unique and assigned to your mobile device and serves us to identify your device. We summarize all these technologies below under the term “Cookies”. Our customers will inform you about the use of Cookies and obtain your consent to use these Cookies. Cookies allow us to recognize your device when you visit other digital resources, which also include one of our products, by assigning a random number to your device. The Cookies we use can only be read and used by us. The same applies to other providers with comparable or supplementary services to ours. When cooperating with these providers, it is advantageous if all parties involved agree on which user or device certain information refers to. For this reason we match our cookies with those of our partners. In addition, we offer our customers the opportunity to make data collected during a user’s visit to a website or other digital offer of a customer available for use in our product in order to later advertise to the user according to his interests. With regard to Cookies, you have a wide range of options, which we explain in more detail under section 4. 3.3 What data does Virtual Minds collect? We collect and use the following data about you: Information about your Internet connection: We collect data on which provider you use or how fast your connection is. Information about your browser: We collect information about which browser you use, its version, the language set in the browser, and information about how your browser handles cookies. Information about your device: In this regard, we collect information about the operating system used, language settings, the brand of your device, device identification numbers, mobile operating system manufacturer advertising identifiers (IDFA or AAID) and the IP address of the device. Information about the website/app you visit: The content of the website/app, the type and nature of the web page, the domain of the web page or name of the app, technical information about the web page including referral URL (i.e. the URL of the web page from which you were referred to a web page) and the date and time of the visit. Information about your behaviour on websites: This includes information about the content you viewed, how long you viewed it, and which apps you used. Information about advertising materials: We record which adverts you have been shown, whether you have clicked on them or visited the advertiser’s website or downloaded their app. Information about your decisions: We also receive information on whether you have been informed about processing activities or whether you have consented to them. We also receive information on whether you have partially or completely objected to the processing and/or whether you would like your Cookie to no longer be used in the future.Location information: If you are viewing digital content or advertising on a mobile device, we can collect your exact location if you have enabled the appropriate feature on your mobile phone. Regardless of whether you are using a mobile device or a stationary device, we can obtain your approximate location or postcode area. Our products allow the exchange of data with other publishers, advertisers or third parties to make ads more relevant. On behalf of or customers we collect data regarding Your age: A non-precise estimate of your age. Your gender: A estimate of your gender. Your extended internet use behaviour: We record, how you have interacted with the site, which products you have placed in your shopping cart and which products you have purchased. Your use history: We record whether you have seen an ad before a purchase or another defined action, how you have interacted with it and whether you have seen other ads before such action. We do not collect your name, e-mail address or any other information that could be used to directly identify you. 3.4 What this policy does not cover Many website operators (Publisher) work with several companies to enrich their offer with online advertising. Like us, many of these providers rely on the use of Cookies or the MAID (see 3.2 above). For example, it is possible that several Cookies are stored on your device when you visit a website. In some cases this happens when you call up the website, in others only when you interact with an advertising medium. This privacy policy only applies to processing carried out by Virtual Minds and the Cookies we use. If you would like to receive more detailed information on the other companies engaged by the website operator and their processing, please contact them directly. If the website operator already supports the IAB TCF 2.0 (see section 3.11 below), you can also obtain much of this information via the CMP used by the website operator (see also section 3.11 below). 3.5 What we use your information for We use the data described above for the following purposes: Title Explanation Store and/or access information on a device As described above (see section 3.2 ), we may store Cookies on your device. If such a Cookie already exists, no further Cookie is stored, rather the existing one is read. Both the storing or reading of Cookies and Mobile Identification Numbers serves to identify your device. This enables us to offer advertising inventory for your specific device. In addition, we can link information about your device and about you with the unique Cookie or mobile identification number. Information about Cookies is exchanged between the cooperating partners to determine whether two Cookies belong to the same device. This makes it easier for us to coordinate among the various vendors when providing advertising services. This step is necessary because each vendor issues its own unique Cookie and cannot directly access the Cookies of other Vendors (see also section 3.2 above). Basic selection of ads or content We use your information to provide basic selection mechanisms for displaying ads. For example, this selection is based on content you are viewing, the app you are using, your approximate location, or the type of device you are using. This includes ensuring that you do not see the same ad over and over again. We do this based on information about who else is viewing such content or using the app. These assumptions do not necessarily apply to you. Creation of a personalised ads or content profile We can create a profile about you and your interests. We refer to this profile as a personalised ads or content profile. It assigns you to certain groups or segments that allow potential conclusions about your interests and preferences. We combine these segments with the Cookies. Segments usually consist of a number of characteristics, such as an interest in sports, linked to a specific region (e.g. Hamburg) and an estimated age range (e.g. 30 – 40 years). The characteristics of the segments can be flexibly adapted and are oriented, among other things, to the advertisers target groups. We do not create segments based on sensitive data, such as health data, political beliefs, sexual identity, religious or philosophical beliefs, racial or ethnic origin or trade union membership. We neither collect nor store such data. Selection of personalised ads or content Based on the personalised ads or content profile, it can be decided which ad or content shall be displayed to you. If our customers do themselves offer ad inventory, they can pass on this data to aid the decision of the bidders. The aim is always to be able to show you the most personalised, and therefore relevant, ads or content possible. Our customers themselves decide whether they consider their advertising material or content to be relevant. Measure performance We measure the performance or effectiveness of the ads or content you see or interact with.To do this, we record whether you have seen the ad or content, how long it has been displayed to you, whether you have clicked or otherwise interacted with the ad or content link. These values are important, among other things, so that ADEX customers can ensure that ads or content are in fact displayed and are thus to be remunerated. In addition, for some of our customers we record whether you have made a decision based on an ad. A decision may be signing up for a service, ordering goods/services, or other events defined by our customers. This helps our customers better understand the effectiveness of their advertising efforts. They can also decide to regulate the remuneration of their advertising partners on this basis. Apply market research to generate audience insights We may use market research data to learn more about the audience that visits pages or apps and sees ads. The data may be used to obtain better or more accurate segments for use in personalised ads or content profiles. Development and improvement of products We may use your information to improve our existing systems and software and to develop new products. Ensure security, prevent fraud and debug We may use your information to look for and prevent fraudulent activities. We may also use it to ensure that our systems and processes function properly and securely. For example, we will analyse behaviour of real users in order to distinguish them from computer-generated signals. Technically deliver ads Your device sends and receives data that allows you to view and interact with content and ads. This means the display of a webpage/app. If you enter a URL, your device sends a request to load the associated web page. A similar signal is generated when you click on a link (this can also be an image) on a web page. We use the same data that allows the operator of the website to show your device the website, so that the right advertising material can be displayed in the right place. Match offline and online data We may link data collected about you offline with your online data. However, we only do this if there is a legal basis for the collection of offline data and its matching. We may use the linked data to support the other purposes indicated here. Linking different devices We may use your information to identify different devices as belonging to you or your household. For this purpose, we group Cookies or mobile identification numbers that we believe are used by the same person or within the same household. We use this information so that our customers know better under which Cookies or mobile identification numbers, the same users or users of the same household are addressed. We also use this information to ensure that you do not see certain ads or content too often. Receive and use of automatically-sent device characteristics for identification We use your data to distinguish your device from other devices. To do this, we use information that your device sends automatically without us requesting it separately. Such data are for example the IP address as well as system and device information. Use of precise geolocation data We can enable our customers to use precise geolocation data for your device. Precise here means that your location can be accurate to within a few meters. This information is used to display advertisements or content that are of particular relevance to you based on your location. 3.6 To whom may Virtual Minds pass on your information? 3.6.1 Virtual Minds passes your personal data to third party technology providers, for which we analyse the effectiveness of advertising efforts or to which we provide target group information for addressing ads. A list of these technology providers with further information may be found here. Moreover, we pass your personal data for the same purposes to advertisers, marketers, agencies and market research institutes. For more information about the companies Virtual Minds works with please reach out to legal@theadex.com . The data will only be passed on if we have received the relevant consent or if we can invoke our legitimate interests. Joint responsibility Virtual Minds is a service provider, so we work with partners when processing data. This also includes those partners on whose websites or mobile applications we collect data through the cookies described above. With some of these partners, we are joint controllers within the meaning of data protection law (Art. 26 DSGVO). This joint responsibility generally relates to the collection and transmission of data to us. A current list of those partners with whom we are jointly responsible is available on request. We and our partners have divided certain tasks and activities among each other within the framework of joint responsibility. The division is as follows: Virtual Minds provides the partner with a technical solution (here tag ) which the partner integrates on its offers.This tag enables the collection of the data described in more detail above. [VM Company] also supports the partner, in particular in the processing of inquiries from affected parties.. Our partner will take care of obtaining consent and/or the implementation of transparency requirements towards you. He passes this information on to us, in order to communicate the scope and permissibility of the data processing. This includes informing you about our cooperation in the partner’s privacy policy. Each of the parties shall in particular ensure that the necessary data security is given. Both we and our partner will fulfil our reporting and notification obligations individually, but will support and inform us to the extent necessary. You can exercise your rights described below as a data subject (Ref.: 3.10) both towards us and towards our partner. We and our partner are liable for any processing that does not comply with the provisions of the GDPR in accordance with Art. 82 GDPR. Do you have any further questions on the subject of joint responsibility? We would be happy to provide you with further information on our cooperation with certain partners. 3.6.2 We may also disclose your information to governmental authorities, courts or third parties if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to enforce or defend our claims, interests or rights, or to protect the vital interests of the data subject or another individual. 3.6.3 We may also disclose your information to an acquirer or potential acquirer of our business or parts of our business to the extent that your information is related to the part to be acquired and to the extent necessary to enable the acquirer or potential acquirer to evaluate our business or the part of our business in question. In the event of an acquisition, we may also transfer your data to the acquirer. 3.7 On what legal basis does Virtual Minds process your data? Virtual Minds always complies with the applicable data protection laws and regulations when processing your data. For some processing operations, our legitimate interests form the basis for the processing. Other processing operations require your consent. Our respective customers make sure that you have given such consent before we process your data and of course we verify this. Of course, you have the possibility to change your mind and to withdraw your consent, we explain how to do this under section 4. 3.8 How long do we store your data? We do not store personal data for longer than is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected, unless we are entitled or obliged by law to continue to store it. Information that is not stored in connection with the cookie ID assigned to your device is regularly deleted by us after three days. The Cookies we use are generally valid for 90 days, after which time they and the data associated with them are deleted. If the Cookie on your device is recognized by us again within this period, the runtime is extended again by 90 days. 3.9 Transfer of your data abroad The ADEX and its servers are located in Germany. However, some of our Partners and Customers are located outside of the European Union. If we transfer your data to a Partner or a Customer who is based outside of the European Union, we will ensure that data is processed with an appropriate level of protection. To this end, we make use of legally provided and permissible measures, such as an adequacy decision by the European Commission (cf. Art. 45 para. 1 GDPR) for the third country concerned; the use of the European standard contractual clauses (cf. Art. 46 para. 2 c) GDPR) or other effective safeguards provided for in the GDPR. 3.10 Your rights It is important to us that you do not lose control over how we handle your data. Under the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), you have the following rights towards us: Right of access (Art. 15 GDPR) You have the right to receive confirmation from us as to whether we are processing personal data about you. If this is the case, you have a right to information about this data and, where applicable, further information. Please note that we may need your cooperation in order to identify you and respond to your request (Art. 11 para. 2 GDPR). Right to object to processing (Art. 21 GDPR) You can object to the further processing of your data at any time. Right of rectification (Art. 16 GDPR) You can request us to correct the personal data stored about you. Right to erasure (Art. 17 GDPR) Under certain circumstances, you have the right to request us to delete your personal data. Right to restrict processing (Art. 18 GDPR) You may also have the right to request a restriction of the processing. Right to data portability (Art. 20 GDPR) If the requirements of Art. 20 GDPR are met, you have the right to receive from us a structured version, stored in a common machine-readable format, of the personal data concerning you.Right to lodge a complaint regarding our processing of your personal data with a data protection supervisory authority (Art. 77 GDPR) If you believe that our processing of your personal data violates the GDPR, you can lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. Right to revoke consent You can withdraw your previously given consent for the processing of your data at any time. In order to make this process as easy as possible for you, you can do this via the following link: Opt-Out For more information about your choices, please see section 4 below. 3.11 What is the IAB Transparency and Consent Framework (IAB TCF)? We participate in the IAB TCF. The IAB TCF is a common standard for dealing with transparency obligations and obtaining consent in connection with online advertising. The companies organised in the IAB TCF undertake to comply with standards that go beyond the GDPR. ADEX is registered as a so-called vendor under the IAB TCF. Further information about the IAB TCF can also be obtained from the following link: https://iabeurope.eu/tcf-2-0/ . We recommend all our customers to also register with the IAB TCF. If you use a service from a company that is already registered as a Publisher in the IAB TCF, you will benefit as the IAB TCF offers you transparency and control over the use of your personal data. On a technical level, the latest version of the IAB TCF (currently version 2.0) allows each participating company to understand which processing activities are permissible in individual cases based on the user’s choice. For you as a user, the IAB TCF means a highly granular freedom of choice. Of course, you can still either agree or disagree with the use of your data in general. In addition, you can precisely understand who will receive your data and for what purposes. Of course, you are free to exclude individual recipients or to limit the purposes for which your data is used individually. Limiting the purposes is only excluded in exceptional cases, such as security-relevant processing activities. We recommend that you consider the various options available to you under the IAB TCF in order to make a decision that best suits your interests. You will receive more information on these options and how to implement them in the following section. 4. Your choices It is particularly important to us to enable you to make an informed decision about the use of your data. To this end, we would like to explain the options available to you at a glance. Should you have any questions, especially regarding the options we ourselves offer, please contact us at mail@theadex.com. However, generally speaking, the following applies: If you delete the cookies stored on your device or update the Mobile Advertising ID (MAID) of your device, all previous choices will be lost. You will then have the opportunity to choose again as soon as a cookie is set again. Finally, it should be noted that these choices do not mean that you will no longer be displayed ads. However, the ads that are still displayed may be less relevant to you. 4.1 Using the CMP or the settings on the website As described above, your data is collected when you visit websites or use apps. Those websites that participate in the IAB TCF especially offer you detailed possibilities to influence the processing of your data. For this purpose, these websites usually make use of a third-party provider, a so-called CMP (Consent Management Platform). This CMP clearly shows you your options when you visit a site. The CMP will allow you to generally agree to or reject the processing of your data. However, the CMP also allows you to make more minute choices. If you so wish, you can decide on each purpose and recipient separately. The CMP recognizes you by means of the Cookie. This does not apply if you have deleted the Cookie in the meantime or if it has been deleted due to time lapse. After you have made your choice in the CMP, the CMP will then ensure that this information is forwarded. Since we and the publishers (website operators) want to offer you the greatest possible freedom of choice, these options are available to you on each individual website and generally only apply to that individual website. We understand that your choice may be different depending on the website operator. Publishers who do not yet use the IAB TCF and a CMP still offer you possibilities to control their processing. The design may vary from website to website, so we cannot give you exact details, but we recommend that you check the privacy policy of the website in question. 4.2 Use of our opt-out possibility Independently of the website operators, you can also object directly with us regarding the processing of your data by us. This option is also bound to the Cookie. You can make these settings under the following link: Opt-out . Your advantage: This choice then applies to all our services for all our customers.However, it only applies to our processing activities and has no effect beyond that. Other contractual partners of the Publisher and its partners are not covered by this choice. 4.3 Deletion or blocking of Cookie IDs While we have defined the term “Cookie” broadly elsewhere in this document, here we mean the cookie in the technical sense. These explanations therefore only apply if you use a browser and cannot be applied to the use of apps. In addition, these explanations refer to third-party cookies (i.e. those that do not originate from the website operator). Many browsers already offer you the possibility to handle cookies automatically. They often offer the following options: Cookie blocking Automated deletion of cookies at a certain time (e.g. after closing the browser). Manual deletion at a desired time The browser you are using may offer additional or different possibilities. In order to make it as easy as possible for you to use these functions, we have put together links to the corresponding instructions or assistance pages of the most frequently used browsers: However, as mentioned above, deleting cookies results in a new cookie being set the next time you visit a website, for which previous choices do not apply. If you want to prevent this completely, you may wish to block the cookies. 4.4 Mobile Advertising ID (MAID) Unlike those in websites, advertisements displayed in programs (apps) on mobile phones use the so-called MAID to identify the device. This MAID is a unique identifier that is stored on your device and linked by apps. Its use and purpose is otherwise equivalent to a Cookie. If you wish to object to our use of the MAID, you can do so by clicking on the following link: Opt-out . The app you are using will also provide you with appropriate options. Where these options can be found and how they are designed can vary from app to app. If you would like to make more fundamental changes with regard to the MAID, there are two main options available to you. You can renew the MAID or block it completely. For devices running the Apple operating system, you can find this information under preferences, then under privacy, then under advertising. There you have the possibility to limit or reset Ad-Tracking. If you have a device running the Android operating system, you can usually find these settings under “Settings”, then under “Google” and then “Advertising”. 5. FAQ We are aware that many of the concepts explained here are complicated. Some important answers can therefore be found in the following FAQ: 5.1 Does The Virtual Minds know who I am? No. Although we make some assumptions about your person, we do not know any directly identifying information about you. We do not know your name, e-mail address, postal address or telephone number. We are also not interested in finding out about them. 5.2 What about my IP address? We know your IP address, but we only use it in its unabridged form to send your device the ads, or to enable others to do so. Otherwise, we use your IP address only in a highly abbreviated form, which is no longer sufficient to identify you or your device directly. Just as a side note, let us be clear that it is theoretically possible to identify you by your IP address. However, this is an extremely complex process which, if at all, is only possible in cooperation with your internet service provider (ISP). However, your ISP will only disclose the relevant information on the basis of a court decision. It is therefore not possible for us to identify you by your IP address. 5.3 You say you “personalize” advertising, but then you must know more about me! The personalization is based on probabilistic assumptions and is therefore only a probability value. The assumptions may or may not apply to you. Often the segments formed are so vague that they apply to a large number of people. For example, if we estimate that you could be between 20 and 28 years old. 5.4 Which cookies are stored on my device, can anyone read these cookies? A cookie can only be read by the person who set it. This way ADEX can only read its own cookies. The same applies to the website operators. You can easily find out which cookies are stored on your device. You can find this information in the settings of the browser you are using. There you will also find the options for deleting the cookies described in section 4.3. 5.5 I do not want to be shown online advertising, is it enough to block/delete cookies? No. If you object to the use of cookies, you will usually still see ads. However, these ads will then be displayed regardless of your preferences and interests and may be less relevant to you. 5.6 Why is there online advertising at all and what is the benefit of personalized advertising online? Many providers make their services available to the user free of charge.At the same time these providers often have high costs, relating to employees, the operation of the website and other expenses. One of the few options available to website operators to finance their services is the possibility of displaying ads. This enables a free, diverse range of services on the Internet that are accessible to everyone, regardless of the financial position of the individual user. The website operator as well as the advertisers have an interest in showing you the most relevant advertising. As such, the website operator does not want the ads to be perceived as annoying. This is not the case if, for example, the ad is relevant to the user and he does not encounter it too often. For both purposes, however, the companies involved must be able to distinguish one user from another. The Cookies already described serve this purpose. At the same time, it is important to all parties involved that you have the most precise options possible available to you to determine how your data will be used for advertising purposes. We firmly believe that the acceptance of online advertising depends crucially on you, the recipient, being able to understand and influence the processes behind it. 5.7 Many players are involved in the description. What do these companies do? Online advertising is a complex industry with many players. But it can be presented in a simple way: There are companies that act on the side of the providers of websites and other digital content and help them to market the advertising inventory, and there are companies that help advertisers to target the ads as accurately as possible.Content providers usually do not have the technical means to offer and market the advertising inventory themselves, so they work together with an SSP (Supply Side Platform). This supply side platform recognises when a user visits the site and an advertising space is available. At that moment it sends out a corresponding offer. This offer is received by the DSPs (Demand Side Platform). These DSPs work for advertisers (directly or through an agency). They determine whether the advertising space is interesting to the advertiser. If it is, they place a bid, should several actors place a bid, the highest bidder wins. All parties involved benefit from having additional information about the users who are currently visiting digital content. Some advertisers therefore collect information about users on their own websites (e.g. when you visit a webshop) with the help of a DMP (Data Management Platform) like the one offered by Virtual Minds . This information can in turn be used by both SSPs and DSPs to determine which user should be advertised to. Of course, this presentation is a little simplified, but it reflects the basic relationships and functions of the individual participants. Virtual Minds GmbH Ellen-Gottlieb-Str. 16D-79106 Freiburg im Breisgau+49 761 88147 – 0 Management Tom PeruzziDirk von BorstelTimo GiebRalf HammerathRicarda Jebsen Careers Like working with bright and talented people? Do not hesitate and reach out to our HR team. Legal & Privacy For questions concerning GDPR, privacy or general legal inquiries, please contact: legal@theadex.com