Search for: Episode 15 – Ernesto Ramirez The Quantified Self Movement Transcript Comments Download Rate This week’s podcast is about the rising movement for quantifying our lives beyond just health and body. The Quantified Self is about self-knowledge through self-tracking and extends our awareness about what’s happening in our lives, how we’re spending our time, and pretty much anything related to our daily living. In 2007 Ernesto Ramirez joined with Wired Magazine’s Kevin Kelly and Gary Wolf to create this organization, made up predominantly of individuals with a passion for managing their lives. The society has grown from its San Francisco roots to about 90 groups meeting regularly worldwide. Many of the devices we talk about on this show have been supported by this movement, and some of the trendsetters in our community are themselves “Quantified Selfers”. Ernesto is the program director for The Quantified Self , as well as a research associate at the Center for Wireless and Population Health Systems at the University of California, San Diego where he’s done his PhD work. Today we speak with Ernesto in his role as program director and talk about The Quantified Self , where it’s going, and about the best practices for quantifying aspects of our biology and daily lives. The show notes, biomarkers, and links to the apps, devices and labs and everything else mentioned are below. Enjoy the show and let me know what you think in the comments ! Show Notes The roots of The Quantified Self (2:55)The first meetings (4:50)What are meetings about and what types of information are shared? (5:59)“Show and tell” (8:12)Personal “N = 1” experiments and personal self-tracking (9:10)Gaining value from personal tracking (15:10)Where is the movement now, and where is it going? (18:50)The challenges of engaging with your personal data and the role of data visualization (19:15)Data privacy in a quantified world (21:37) Medical self-testing, value and drawbacks (24:40)Accuracy and action-ability when using personal tracking devices (29:30)What is the role of personal data collection in research and healthcare (35:21)Best practices for Quantifying the Self (41:58)What is the future of self quantification? (44:12)How to get started in self quantification (46:00)Useful resources in self quantifying (49:42)Your most important recommendations for people (51:18) What data metrics do you personally track? (53:30)What have been your biggest insights from Self Quantifying? (54:20) Thank Ernesto Ramirez on Twitter for this interview. Click Here to let him know you enjoyed the show! The Quantified Self & Ernesto Ramirez The Quantified Self The Quantified Self : The Quantified Self is an international collaboration of users and makers of self-tracking tools. Dedicated to self improvement by tracking their daily lives with the end-goal of maximizing performance, they enjoy regular meetups to share ideas, data and tactics. Forums at The Quantified Self : The forums page is a great place to connect with other QS users for conversations and the sharing of ideas between meetups. The QS15 conference in San Francisco (June 18-20, 2015) QS15 is a two-day event for self-trackers, toolmakers, artists, designers and engineers followed by a day of public exposition. The Quantified Self invites self-trackers to share projects, try out new tools, and shape the future of QS. Their European division based out of Amsterdam will be hosting their own QS15 as well. Information can be found at their Meetup site. “Show and Tell” QS Presentations : The Quantified Self site maintains a video database of presentations made by members, which they lovingly call “Show and Tell”. The participants talk about their life-tracking and how it has impacted them. QS Meetups : QS-ers meet regularly to discuss their life-tracking experiences, and share suggestions for the betterment of themselves and QS as a whole. Meetings can be found at Meetup.Com . QS on Twitter : Subscribe to The Quantified Self’s twitter feed. Ernesto Ramirez Ernesto has created a number of slide presentations which can be found at Slideshare and Speakerdeck . He presents a variety of discussions on The Quantified Self as well as other topics about self improvement.Ernesto did his graduate work at the University of California at San Diego and continues as a research associate with the Center for Wireless and Population Health Systems Ernesto’s Authored Studies & Publications A Meta-analytic Examination of Exercise & Stress Reactivity in Animals and Humans. Arizona State University. Jan 1, 2008. (Link not available): A secondary examination of current research. Biomarkers/Tracked Data Points Running schedule and physical activity : Ernesto finds the most important aspect to his daily life quality is how much he moves. He uses a number of tools such as a FitBit and his phone to monitor his running schedule and other activity.His phone keeps track of his heart rate and Geolocation, to give him a better idea of the effectiveness of his workouts and how they affect his life. Weight : Monitoring his weight allows Ernesto to keep an eye on his health and determine when he’s not getting enough time on his feet. He doesn’t check it daily, but keeps a running idea of its fluctuations. Lab Tests, Devices and Apps FitBit : Ernesto uses his FitBit to track his running schedule and activity. FitBit have a range of activity tracking devices, and are one of the larger and more popular manufacturers of activity tracking devices in 2015. SuperMemo : A website and software devoted to improving memory, self-growth, creativity, time-management, and speed-learning. It’s based on the concept of spaced repetition – which improves retention by repeating new ideas at an ever-increasing interval based on the average time to forget learned material. Other People, Resources and Books People Kevin Kelly : Wired magazine’s founding editor and The Quantified Self co-founder. His official web page can be found here. Gary Wolf is a contributing editor at Wired and co-founder of The Quantified Self . He’s the author of “The Curse of Xanadu” about Ted Nelson and Project Xanadu, and “The World According to Woz” about Steve Wozniak. His TED talk about The Quantified Self can be found here . Organizations The National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey : The National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey (NHANES) is a program of studies designed to assess the health and nutritional status of adults and children in the United States. Databetes was founded by Doug Kanter, a patient with type-1 diabetes. Doug is a graduate of NYU’s ITP where he studied data visualization and interaction design. Previously Doug worked as a photographer in New York City and Beijing, China. He’s run a few marathons and is pretty intrigued by Quantified Self. Asian Efficiency : Damien mentioned that a friend Aaron who runs this site, tracked every minute of his day for a year to optimize his schedule and how much time he put into each activity from work to social to sleep and everything else. Share Tweet Mail Share Share Share Share Share Full Interview Transcript [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Ernesto, thank you so much for joining us today. [Ernesto Ramirez]: No problem, glad to be here. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Great. Well, I wanted to jump straight into it. You’re from the Quantified Self. Welcome Quantified Self to the Quantified Body. You guys have pretty much started this. When did you start the Quantified Movement? When did QS come about? [Ernesto Ramirez]: Sure. So Quantified Self came about out of a collaboration between Gary Wolf and Kevin Kelly. Both had been working at Wired magazine for quite a long time, and late 2007, early 2008, they were looking at what was – what were kind of the new things. Obviously, personal computing had come about. Like the reason Wired was started was – had been here. Now, at that point, people are walking around with iPhones, and they realized that computing was getting a lot closer to individuals’ bodies. People were able to now use computing in ways to ask very personal questions about themselves. So they started to meet up, and people came in and started talking about how they were tracking different things about their lives, and we’ve kind of just been rolling ever since. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: That’s great, right. I think a lot of people have heard of Gary and Kevin, but could you give a quick background on why these two people came together at that time? What were their backgrounds to kind of start all of this? [Ernesto Ramirez]: Yeah, so Kevin Kelly was one of the founding editors of Wired magazine, but he’s been involved in lots of different projects around how people use different tools, objects and technologies. I mean, he’s been a thinker on technology for quite a long time. You know, he was around Stewart Brand and the whole Earth Catalogue, and then transitioned into Wired magazine. Gary is a journalist focusing primarily on technology, and so they were – they both kind of just used their mutual interests to brainstorm on what was next, you know, and that’s what they came up with was Quantified Self, QS. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah, that’s great. And, of course, QS is pretty much all over the world now, and we can talk a little bit about that as we go on and how people can participate. But back there in the first meeting, I think you had, like, eight people. It was a very small meeting. I think Tim Ferriss was one of the guys who turned up to the first meetings. Do you know how many people turned up to that first meeting?[Ernesto Ramirez]: I think they said somewhere around 25 or 30. That was before my time. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah. [Ernesto Ramirez]: I only got involved in about 2010, but it was a really interesting meeting because they didn’t really have an agenda. It didn’t look at all like what it looks like now, and then they really didn’t know what was going to happen. They thought, okay, people that are interested in this stuff will kind of just come and talk to us, and we’ll just have like a chat. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah. [Ernesto Ramirez]: And then someone came in late, and because they came in late, Kevin Kelly just said, you know, ‘You have to talk first. You have to tell us about what you’re doing, why you’re here, what you’re interested in.’ And that gentleman just opened up his computer and said, ‘I’ve been tracking every day of my life for like the past three years in 15 minute increments.’ [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Wow. [Ernesto Ramirez]: And that just, like, blew everyone away. And from there, we’ve kind of built on top of that mentality where people come and actually show the things that they’re doing in their own lives. You know, the tools they’re using, what they’re learning from self-tracking, and how they’re experiencing this new idea of Quantified Self. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah, yeah. Well, let’s get people an idea of what’s going on at the moment. So basically there are groups all around the world meeting in different cities all around the world. How is a meeting structured? What goes on in a meeting? [Ernesto Ramirez]: Yeah, so right now we have about 110 groups in a little over 30 countries around the world, and all of them have a little bit different structure. We don’t kind of force anything on them. They’re all volunteer groups that are meeting. But what we try to do is have people come together to share their own personal stories. So rather than people standing up and talking about, oh, you should do this thing, or you should use this tool, it’s very much a first-person narrative where an individual will come in and say, ‘This is a thing that I’ve done, I’ve used this tool or this system or this application in this new and interesting way, and these are the things I’m learning about myself.’ That spans, like, all different types of self-tracking technologies and experimentations and projects, all the way from – we’ve had a lot of individuals with chronic diseases, people with type 1 diabetes saying, ‘This is what I’m learning from tracking my blood glucose and my diet in this really interesting way,’ or, ‘This is what I’m learning from tracking the dates I go on,’ to my pets, to all sorts of different stuff. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: I think that’s one of the things that strikes you when you go to a Quantified meeting. Here at the Quantified Body, we tend to focus on health, longevity, things about the body, which can be related a bit to medical or performance or longevity, these kind of things. But Quantified Self is a lot broader. You can go to a meeting and you can hear, like you said, about someone’s dating life and how they’ve managed to track that over time and quantify it in whatever way. So, I think the big difference people should get the idea of here is that it’s absolutely quantifying any aspect of your life that is interesting to you. And for that reason, when you go to a meeting, you really don’t know what is going to come up. I think the conference really displays that quite well, because you have many, many what we call show-and-tells. So if you could explain to people a little bit about what a show-and-tell is? [Ernesto Ramirez]: Sure. It’s where we have those individuals come and actually talk about what they’re doing. We call it the show-and-tell because it’s very much like kindergarten. You get up in front of the room and you say, ‘This is what I’ve done. This is what I’m bringing to everyone.’ [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah. [Ernesto Ramirez]: And we ask presenters to really answer three simple questions, which is: What did you do? How did you do it? What did you learn? And all the time, keeping that kind of first-person narrative perspective, where it’s really about their experiences, the visualizations they made, the data analysis they’ve done, the process they’ve done to gather data, and what conclusions they’ve come up with through that entire data gathering experience. And if you think about it, one of the fun things is that those three questions – ‘What did you do?’, ‘How did you do it?’, and ‘What did you learn?’ are really a simple, simple way to think about the scientific method. The scientific method is a little bit broader, but if you bring it really – if you kind of just simplify that and bring it down to the individual level, that’s what we’re trying to do. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah. Another term we often come across today is ‘N=1 experiments.’ Would you say there are a lot of people also doing kind of N=1 experiments?Because it’s basically – there’s tracking, just recording – and then there’s, like, I’m going to change something and see what happens. So are both of those things covered in QS naturally, or how does that work? [Ernesto Ramirez]: Oh, totally. So you have a lot of people engaging with self-tracking. You know, the broad spectrum of things that could be called self-tracking for a variety of different reasons. One you mentioned – a few of them you did mention. One is just kind of data gathering, just for the purpose of data gathering. You know, a lot of people wear smart pedometers, like a Fitbit or Jawbone Up or a Nike FuelBand, without any real purpose other than they want to just understand and keep track of this data. And then there’s the individual, like you’re saying, that do these kind of N=1 experiments. And even within those experiments, there’s a huge range of kind of how meticulous and detailed people get. Some people just say, ‘You know what? I want to see if going on a more plant-based diet is going to reduce my weight and improve my blood cholesterol levels.’ And they’ll just kind of track the things they’re eating. They’ll track their weight. They might do a blood test or something, and then there’s other people that are just super-meticulous about setting up a very programmed experimentation or experimental protocol. Those are always a lot of fun to watch, to see people get very scientific about the things that they care about. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right. I’ve seen many of these things where it’s actually made a huge impact on people’s lives. Right? That’s some of the astounding things. I remember the first one I went to in London, and there was a presentation from a guy who had suffered from depression for most of his life, and he simply set up a way of quantifying and communicating that to all of his friends. So I think there’s sometimes a social aspect – you can potentially speak a lot more about this than me – and simply by doing that, he found that his rate of depression dropped, and he was basically happier every day just through this exercise of tracking and letting all of his friends see how depressed or how not depressed he was. Obviously, that completely revolutionized his life, because he didn’t feel depressed most of the time anymore. So I’ve seen some, you know, huge changes, and weight loss is very obvious. What are some of the most exciting changes you’ve seen people get out from the Quantified Self? [Ernesto Ramirez]: Yeah, so there’s a bunch. One of my favorites – there’s a gentleman in New York. He’s given a talk a few times, actually, in New York at their MeetUp, and I think he also gave a talk at our last conference in 2013 – our last U.S.-based conference. His name is Doug Kantor. He’s a type 1 diabetic. He’s been on an insulin pump for quite a long time, and now is on a continuous glucose measurement system, so rather than doing, like, the finger prick, he has an implanted device that can continually measure his blood glucose. As part of one of his graduate design projects in New York, he developed a system to gather all of that data, so he was gathering his insulin, his blood glucose, and then also his meals and his physical activity. He was primarily a runner. And he tells this really interesting story about bringing all of that data in and being able to see all this information and kind of how it all connects. Led to the healthiest year of his life when you look at it from a diabetic perspective. So, you know, that’s A1c, which is their primary measure, so which is how well they can metabolize blood glucose. And it really tells this, like, interesting thing. Plus, his visualizations, that’s primarily what he was doing in graduate school was working on design, are just astounding. You can definitely see what happens to him over the course of a year through his wonderful visualizations, which – if your listeners want to look online – I believe his website is called Databetes. I mean, that’s a really interesting one. And we’ve seen a bunch, like you were saying, the gentleman that was tracking his mood, that seems to be a really, really interesting one as well. One of the most interesting and fun ones that you wouldn’t think would be in Quantified Self, but is, is there’s an individual who actually does some work with us, but lives in Portland named Steven Jonas, and he’s really interested in memory and being able to remember things, and he uses a system called Space Repetition and a program called Super Memo. He’s given two talks recently about how he’s using Space Repetition to try and remember every day of his life. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Wow. [Ernesto Ramirez]: So every day he creates a card, basically these are like intelligent flash cards that say these are the important things that happened today, and quizzes himself to see if he can remember what days those were. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: That’s really interesting. I mean, that’s something very unique, as well.I think that’s the amazing thing about QS. No matter what you’re interested in, you can go there and you can get feedback from other people to potentially improve what you’re doing. Like with these show-and-tells, there’s a lot of questions, of course, that come from the audience once you’ve finished your show-and-tell. [Ernesto Ramirez]: Yeah, I think you’re right. I mean, and that’s one of the interesting things. Like, a lot of people would say – you would think that we would focus just on health, or just on weight loss and physical activity, since those are like the primary things that people do when they engage with these self-tracking tools and applications and devices. But what we’ve found is that when people go up and talk about their super personal experiences, whether it’s individual tracking his – we had one in San Francisco tracking his blood coagulation levels, because he is on blood thinners. Or it’s someone talking about how they track their heart rate variability, because they want to understand their stress. Even though you may not be interested in that particular topic, the process that they go through and the things that they do might inspire you to try something in your own life around the ideas that you’re interested in, like, who knows, tracking how much you drive your car. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah, because I think there’s this whole – I mean, there’s scientific relevance in terms of how you’re tracking, is it controlled and things. And I found, because I led the Bangkok QS session, most – like the questions that come out, it’s about the quality of the data, if we can trust it. You know, these kinds of things come up. And if you’re doing an experiment, is it well controlled? Can we believe in the results? These kinds of questions often come up, and it helps us to – and, of course, this could apply to anything that you’re tracking. It’s obviously a lot of the time it’s the same kinds of questions. Okay, how useful is this data? And also, I found that people often share their own experiences from that kind of aspect of their life, and they get new ideas. So one time we had one of my friends, he has a website called asianefficiency.com, and he tracks all of his time, all of his time he puts into categories, no matter what he’s doing. When he’s sleeping, it’s categorized as sleeping. And he’s done this experiment for, I think it was about a year. So he brought all his data, which basically showed what he’d been doing with his life for about a year, and it was really interesting for a lot of people, because, like, oh, that’s interesting. How much time you spend preparing meals, or how much time you spend walking or commuting, and it can be quite shocking to some people when they start to think about, well, maybe I’m spending too much time commuting in my life and stuff. So I found that a really interesting one, and obviously everyone had something to say about that. And for most of the show-and-tells, I would say, it is things that relate to anyone, and you’ll go and you’ll – and these are aspects of your life maybe you don’t look so closely at, but most of the time it’s something you can relate to and learn from yourself, also. [Ernesto Ramirez]: Yeah, and, I mean, a lot of times, like what you’re describing here with this individual that tracks time, which is also a super, very, very popular topic. It’s really interesting to kind of see how people actually engage with their time tracking in different ways. Whether they just let their machines track their time for them, or they do it all themselves and set up really fancy Excel spreadsheets to do it. What is interesting is that a lot of times when someone gets up and says, ‘I’m doing this thing,’ There are a lot of times that people will say, ‘You know what? I was interested in that, too,’ or, ‘I’ve always been thinking about it.’ Like you were saying, I was wondering how much time I spend commuting. This is someone who has actually done something, and now I can take this lesson. If I want to apply it to my own life, I can take their lessons that they are learning and try to do that in my own life, or reformat it into a different way that might work for me. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right, right. Well, I can tell you, once I had seen my friend’s data, I was inspired to track my life for a few moments every hour, and I got a lot out of it as a consequence. So I think what we’re touching on here is QS helps motivate, inspire people. The fact that people can get together and talk about quantification.So, for someone who perhaps – they’d like to do experiments on their life, they’d like to potentially improve upon their life which they have been having trouble with before, or maybe they are just interested in understanding something better, I think QS is a great place to go to, because they’ll be other people, and it kind of provides you this motivation, this support network following through, is that – whereas most people maybe find it harder to get started. And there’s a lot of people who know a lot about the devices, and there’s a lot of people generally in those groups who know a lot about the kinds of devices that are out there. And so it’s a great group, also, to swap ideas on things. [Ernesto Ramirez]: Oh, yeah. I mean, the number of individuals around the world that engage with their own Quantified Self MeetUps, they organize them, or they come to our conferences, or they just engage with us on our forum on our website is astounding. And the amount of help that people get, people are asking questions all the time. ‘What device can I use to track this thing?’ Or ‘I’ve been thinking about doing this.’ ‘My physician said I should try tracking this to help me with this condition or that condition.’ It’s amazing. It’s always great to see. It’s one of the reasons we love doing this. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah, absolutely. Another thing I wanted to really touch on is where have you seen the movement come from, and where is it today in terms of making progress? What have we learned so far about tracking data on ourselves from QS? What are the kinds of biggest achievements to date? Is there anything that you’ve changed about the way you’re going QS to help people get more out of it, get more out of tracking in general? [Ernesto Ramirez]: Well, I think one of the things that we’re learning is that people definitely want to engage with their data, and that’s not always easy. And so one of the things that we’ve been doing and one of our core pieces of our current work and future work over the next few years is going to be really tackling this issue of data access. So if you use a device or an application that you’re contributing data to, so it’s tracking your physical activity or your location or doing something where you’re contributing pieces of information that are about you, and this happens a lot in the medical setting. You know, like that individual that has to wear a glucose meter. They are contributing their own personal data. In many cases, getting that data out, controlling it, being able to access it – even in some cases having ownership of it is tricky, and it’s not a very clear, like, consensus across the board whether or not people should have ownership, whether they should have control, whether they should have access. All of these are like three different concepts that kind of always get talked about in each other or around each other. And that’s one of things that we’re really focused on is improving the amount of access that people have from their data. Right now, we’re really early on, but it’s something that we’re really, really passionate about. Because one of the things that we’ve seen through a lot of these show-and-tells and through our conferences is that when people actually get access to their data, they can export their data, put it into a CSV spreadsheet, you know, use an API connection to plug it into a different tool, they can do astounding things with it. They can learn really, really important stuff, whether it’s just through a visualization or some kind of analytics tool. So that’s one of the things that we’re definitely seeing. The other is, I think – just kind of piggybacking on that one – is the role of data visualization and storytelling in this. Visualizations don’t always have to be super scientific, and I think they can tell a really, really interesting story around people’s data. The issue is that it’s kind of hard to make them. You know, unless you’re really, really good at Excel or you’re a decent software developer that can handle JavaScript or Python, it’s hard to really make compelling visualizations that tell the stories that you want to tell or that can help you understand your data in that new and different way. So that’s something that we’re keeping an eye out for. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: That’s interesting, because I think the first one you talked about, – access – it’s kind of like knocking its head with privacy. If we look at the world to date, information has been pretty private. If we look at medical information, for instance, it’s tucked in some doctor’s drawer, and even the patient doesn’t realize he can have access to that information a lot and even take it home. So there’s kind of the health area, and I think also, like, financials and all of these different aspects of our lives. And it is an interesting topic, how much do we want other people to have access to it, how easy is it to get access to our own information.I think, obviously, the first one is it would be nice if everyone had ownership of their own information, to start with, and be able to decide what privacy limitations are on that, in an ideal future world. Are these some of the topics you’re struggling with and looking at? [Ernesto Ramirez]: Definitely. So, across the board, we’re really interested. I mean, privacy, data access and data ownership, they’re all kind of like prongs in this really big conversation, which is what is the role of personal data in our lives? What should we be able to do with it? So all the way from – you see there’s a lot of work now in, like you were saying, the health records space. Like should you have access to the health records? Like if you get a lab test at your physician’s office, should you have immediate access to that information? What does that mean? Actually, there’s some really interesting programs going on in the United States where if you go to see a physician, when you’re talking to them, you’re having a conversation, they’re writing on their laptop or their desktop computer, they’re writing notes in your file. Should you be able to read those notes? For a long time, those were just kind of in your medical record and you never got to see them unless you specifically asked for them, and then in some cases you have to pay for that access and lots of weird stuff. Now there’s projects opening those up, so people could have conversations about those notes, which are pieces of data about that interaction. And then there’s a lot of information around data privacy, as well, so should a company – like say you are wearing a Fitbit. Should Fitbit be able to make aggregated charts and graphs about your physical activity to share with, kind of like, readers of their Fitbit blog? You know, maybe not your specific, but a group of people, and what does that mean? Is that going against data privacy or not? There’s a lot of unanswered questions. And I don’t think there’s a lot of – there’s not going to be any definitive answer. I don’t think anyone’s going to just say, okay, we’re going to turn the key now and now everyone has complete ownership over their own data, and they have to authorize every single person in the room, whoever wants to look at something. Nothing so far has really shown that that’s going to occur, because data has some inherent value for a lot of these companies that you’re engaging with. But there are really interesting conversations around, like, what does mean and who actually should be able to work with this data, and how easy should it be for the individuals that create it to use it and have access to it so they can do whatever they’d like. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah. These questions definitely need to be tackled. Like you said, it’s kind of up in the air. There’s a lot more self-testing in the health area being made available to us now. Increasingly over time, but of course, that’s kind of knocking heads with regulation, and physicians, how comfortable they feel with that based on the complexity of tests, if people can understand them and interpret them properly. There’s lots and lots of questions in the health area about that. I don’t think it’s going to get resolved any time soon. But in the meantime, it seems like access to testing is steadily coming on line anyway, whether we’re ready for it or not from that perspective. So it will be interesting – I guess, like, QS is going to be tackling those issues. Because, I mean, what happens in QS is like whatever is going on tends to come up and be talked about in QS, since it’s basically the home of everything that’s being discussed in quantification in the moment, right? [Ernesto Ramirez]: Yeah. You know, this is something interesting. Someone – we’re hosting another – what we call our global conference, the large conference in the United States, in June of next year. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Which city is that in? [Ernesto Ramirez]: So, yeah, in 2015, we’re hosting the Quantified Self Global Conference, which we call QS15. It’s actually going to be a three-day conference. It’s a conference and expo. I can talk about it a little bit, if you want. We can talk about our overall program. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: It’s in San Francisco, right? [Ernesto Ramirez]: In San Francisco, correct. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah. [Ernesto Ramirez]: So someone was talking about this idea of privacy and ownership, specifically around home testing. So, you know, in the United States we have the FDA, which has to approve medical tests. And there’s a big push from a lot of companies in the startup space saying, like, we can have people do medical testing at home. All the way from testing your blood for vitamin D levels to testing urinary fluid to see about – to track blood glucose and other different things.And this big push, because people want to be able to do this stuff on their own, just in the same way that people wanted to measure their blood pressure at home a long time ago. They realized that just getting your blood pressure measured, you know, twice a year in the doctor’s office doesn’t really give you a good look at what blood pressure is for you. The same way, you know, that getting your blood tested once a year or once every few years if there’s only an issue, doesn’t really tell you the whole story. And so there’s like a big push right now, and we’re closely following it, because, obviously, that’s a whole new area, a way for people to learn about their lives, being able to actually gather data that heretofore has been just kind of siloed in the medical establishment, and bringing that to the individuals. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: But if we open that – I mean, there’s a huge potential in terms of – a big problem doctors have today is compliance with whatever protocol or treatment they’ve applied to people. But, you know, a feedback system. Feedback is incredibly valuable. If you tell someone that – well, look at glucose management, right? So if you tell them that currently their fasting glucose in the morning is 100, and it really needs to be down in the low 90s, and they have some convenient way of doing that at home, say it’s uploaded to a system that’s shared with the doctor, if they are given that reading in their face every morning, they’re like, uh-oh, I’m not making progress here, and I’ve got my doctor’s appointment coming up next month. I think there’s incredible accountability and motivation aspect from that perspective to be, like, okay, I’ve got to get back on this treatment protocol that my doctor gave me last visit. [Ernesto Ramirez]: Exactly. You know, there is that – there is the motivational aspect. There’s – I mean, the individual’s ability to learn about themselves, but there’s also the ability to understand – you know, if you really take the medical example as the leading example here – understanding treatment and outcomes at a very personal level. So rather than a doctor saying, hey, go use this thing – use this blood pressure medication for 6 weeks, and then come back to me, and then we’ll measure your blood pressure again and we’ll see how it’s working. Rather than waiting that entire time, you can maybe get a faster feedback system so you can say, ‘This one is really working for me. I’ve already seen my blood pressure go down. I’ve been taking it once in the morning, once in the evening, by myself, in my home, using the protocol that you set up.’ Or, ‘This one is definitely not working. We need to use a different kind of medication.’ So rather than just saying, here’s what works, now we can start to ask what actually works for me as an individual. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah, absolutely. There’s many, many devices, as you’ve eluded to. There are startups – there’s a lot of investment in this area right now in terms of startups, where it comes to health testing, fitness tracking, all sorts of aspects of this. And social media kind of like sharing of data and these kinds of things, and aggregating data. So in terms of the state of devices available today, are there any challenges faced with people using these and getting a value from these? Because I’ve bought many tracking devices, and I have to say, so far, I think the main complaint is people don’t find that a lot of data is very actionable when it comes down to it. And I think sometimes it comes down to – there’s the other concern of accuracy. Many of the devices, it’s kind of nascent. If you look at, for instance, a lot of the watches, the fitness trackers and all of these kinds of things which are tracking, in a very convenient way, because you’re just wearing this piece of technology which is going to quantify different aspects of your movement and things going on each day. But when – like some of the studies I’ve seen where people have compared these devices with each other, well, they don’t really measure up to each other, right? They got different results. So there’s a concern of accuracy there which has come up. So I think that leads into the actionability, also, of what we are doing. And also like the selection of measures and what the device companies are doing. So I’m just interested in your perspective on what’s going on out there, and what the biggest challenges are to reinforce that movement. If we are going to see an explosion of devices over the next years because they did become so valuable to our lives, what would need to change? [Ernesto Ramirez]: Yeah. I think regardless of whether we want it or not, we are going to see an explosion of devices. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: The investment’s there. [Ernesto Ramirez]: Yeah. There’s a lot of – yeah, there’s a lot of money there that people are kind of pouring into the system. Sensors are becoming cheaper. Battery life is improving.The technical capacity of computing to track things and make sense of objects and behaviors and information is improving. I mean, that’s just kind of the state of technology as a whole. It’s just kind of on this upwards trend, and it’s always improving. Data science is getting better. Algorithms are getting better. I think one of the issues around this kind of accuracy idea is in some cases the over-promising of what a device can do and what it can understand, and individuals – what they really, actually need. So I always like to have the more philosophical conversation around, like, accuracy versus truth and that that actually means for an individual. Does your Fitbit or Jawbone UP need to know down to the exact number of steps? Like, does it matter if it says 10,412 versus 10,512? [Damien Blenkinsopp]: And also this is a relative thing. If it’s wrong the same amount every day, well, you can still use it for motivation, like a lot of things. [Ernesto Ramirez]: Yeah. I mean, if you have systematic error, random error, it really matters. But in most cases, a lot of this stuff is just kind of systematic bias. It’s always going to be wrong at this certain level. But if your scale is always wrong 5 pounds heavy in the morning, it doesn’t really matter, as long as you use the same scale. But in some cases – a lot of the issue, though, around this accuracy is tied to the medical system. Because a lot of people want to push the data that they’re collecting into some sort of health record, or have it coordinated with their care so that people can understand this data in relation to their health outcomes. And so now there’s a bigger push to take the data from these devices, figure out if they are accurate, and then put them in kind of a clinical model so they can be looked at in the health records. And I think that’s something that is coming quickly. We are already seeing that happen with – Apple made a big push for this with Health Kit. So they took devices, and they took data formats, and they said, okay, these are the exact formats that we can use, and now they’re being pushed into electronic medical records, I think at, like, Duke Hospital and a few other different hospital systems. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Wow, wow. So could you just talk a little about that? Basically Apple has done some work to standardize a number of measures that they’re going to be – [Ernesto Ramirez]: Yeah. Rather than saying, like, we trust you as a device maker. So let’s say there’s like seven different digital scales that are out there. Rather than saying, ‘These are the four that we think are accurate,’ they are saying, ‘If you want to integrate with our Health Kit system, you have to report this data format, this data feature.’ Which is weight in a specific way that we know is clinically understandable. So if you’re going to say what blood glucose is, it has to be in – I think it’s in millimoles. You have to report it in the specific data format so that it can be understandable at a clinical level. The accuracy part is kind of left up to the people that take in that data, because one of the things – this is kind of a more technical conversation how Health Kit works, but basically someone who says – Say a doctor says they want to look at my Health Kit data, and they want to look at the amount of miles I run each week, and if I connect, like, three different running apps, they can say, well, I trust RunKeeper, but not Strava. So I only will take runs that are reported with RunKeeper, for whatever reason. That’s a completely arbitrary example. Both I think are fine apps. So that is something that is definitely coming on board, which is – it kind of relates to our conversation earlier, which is this kind of personalized medical testing, is that there’s a lot of push to get the entire breadth of someone’s life, their behaviors that they do outside of a clinical or medical setting, and bring that understanding into the medical field, so that people can create better care plans. They can understand cause and effect at a better level. And it’s still very nascent. You know, this is still very early on. But there’s entire work on this which is people who are wanting to say let’s track from your genome to your weight to your diet to your physical activity. If we could bring all of that in, what is it that we can actually learn about humanity and how life actually works out there in reality. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah. It sounds like the device manufacturers, the technology companies like Apple and – like Intel has been making acquisitions in this area. They’ve acquired Basis. So, you know, a lot of these companies are now looking at this area. It sounds like they’re going to be a tremendous force in where this goes, and even when it comes to the governmental typically regulated parts, like health and so on. They’re going to be a tremendous force in where this eventually goes in influence. Is that what you’re seeing at the moment?There seems to be more and more influences that are trying to push the realm out, basically. [Ernesto Ramirez]: I think so. I think there’s a lot – it’s still a little early on to say, like, these are going – they are going to start maybe lobbying the government to do different things. But what we are seeing is that there is actually a lot of pressure within governmental organizations and governmental bodies to understand – everyone calls this stuff different things. We have mHealth, we have ConnectedHealth, and we have Quantified Self. All of them kind of relate to each other. And there’s a lot of push right now to say, like, this is happening. We can’t just say, like, that this stuff isn’t around. What can we actually do to make sense of this? So one of the things that we actually did as an organization, in collaboration with a large funder – health research funder here in the United States, called the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation, we hosted a meeting last year – I’m sorry, earlier this year, actually, early 2014, where we brought together people in the Quantified Self that are what we call toolmakers, you know, the people that make devices and applications and systems, along with researchers in public health and computer science, to say – to understand what is the role of this personal data in research? Because now, rather than a researcher saying, ‘I have to develop an entirely new strategy, and I have to buy a bunch of sensors to give to people so I can understand how much activity they get during the week versus the weekend,’ now those people, they’re just collecting that data on their own. What is the role of that information in the research realm? And what can we learn from that? And that’s still very, very, very early, but there’s a big push, I think, to say why should we pay a $1 million grant for you to develop new sensors or new tools or buy different things, when there are all these people actually out there doing it on their own? What can we learn from them? [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right. So previously, on episode 9 of the Quantified body, we spoke to Jessica Richman of uBiome, which you should know well. And she’s approaching this whole thing, calling it crowd science. [Ernesto Ramirez]: Yeah. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Which is basically turning science upside down and using technology and putting the right standards in place and so on. We could completely revolutionize the approach through quantification, like, of the masses. Basically Quantified Self everywhere could start feeding science, the new ideas and so on, and completely revolutionize the way we approach all of that. [Ernesto Ramirez]: Exactly. I mean, this idea of crowdsourced science or citizen science is super compelling. You know, at this meeting, we were talking with an individual named Margaret McKenna who is on the data science team at RunKeeper. And we were talking just about – So in the United States, I think in 2008, they published kind of what they called a physical activity guideline, which says adults have to get 150 minutes of moderate to vigorous physical activity a week. But she was talking about when they look at their data, that’s just not true. People just don’t do that. They’re not robots. They don’t, like, every week get exactly this amount. It kind of goes in waves. People come and go. And she was talking – is there something we could do as an organization? Like, we are a large data collector – we have millions and millions of users that are tracking activity – to better understand what guidelines should actually be? Or if you look at – say, for instance, in part of my world, I did physical activity research, so that’s where all my examples come from, I apologize. But in the United States we have what’s called the National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey. So every few years, they go out and try to measure the health of America. And they do it through clinical work, through surveys, and they also – to measure physical activity, they give a few thousand people accelerometers. That’s how we say, okay, people aren’t or are getting enough physical activity. And that – if you were to say that’s how we measure physical activity in the United States, that data set is just completely dwarfed by the amount of data that companies like Garmin and Nike and Fitbit and Jawbone have. If – just in the United States. But then if you think about the worldwide scale, we’re now – they’re able to track millions of people. And if we could use that to understand interesting things about human behavior, it really opens up a whole new world of possibilities in the research realm. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah. It would change completely our approach, I know, from a business decision making prospect of Internet marketing, for instance. With previous partners, I always used to have discussions, and it was opinion based.And even when I was working in consulting, we’d have opinion based discussions, and whoever argue the best would win. In this new world, the idea is that we’re actually able and go test, and that’s what’s nice about the Internet today. People in business, instead of arguing backwards and forwards and the person who argues the most in business, now they’re saying, well, ‘let’s test that idea and see what happens’. Right? I think that’s what’s really exciting, especially with people who follow kind of the health realm, there’s been many assumptions made and killed over time. And there’s still a ton of conflict in the world of medicine and health, for sure, if not more and more so as things – as different people discover new things and so on. I don’t think that’s going to disappear any time soon, because it’s kind of like cutting-edge, leading-edge science. But if we had this kind of feedback mechanism where we could actually do tests and see – let’s just put it to a test. Let’s see what the population tells us about that hypothesis. It would revolutionize the speed of development of things. [Ernesto Ramirez]: Or imagine, like one of the things that we’re doing. Like what if you put the question asking in the hands of the actual individuals? So in Jessica’s case, she’s looking at microbiome data. So rather than saying, okay, what are the research questions that are in the field, that’s in the literature, what if individuals came up with those questions? What if they – what if someone said, ‘You know what, I really like my pets. I wonder if being around my dog changes my microbiome, my amount of bacteria that I’m in contact with?’ That’s probably a really interesting question. Has it been asked in the literature? Who knows? I mean, someone probably knows; not me. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Exactly. So it brings to surface things people actually care about instead of us assuming this is what matters to humans. What matters to everyone that we kind of resolve and put science towards. So in terms of Quantified Self, coming back to more practical, what would you say are the best tips if someone wants to quantify something about themselves? What would you say are best practice kinds of tips that you think it’s good to follow in terms of gathering or using the data or whatever you’ve seen over time? [Ernesto Ramirez]: I think simplicity is always best. So one of the things that people – like they always – okay, well ‘I want to know about X, Y and Z about my life’. And then you start building the mechanism, how can I keep track of this data that I care about? And that can get really unwieldy really quickly. Because there’s so many different ways to do it, and we may want to get very, very super specific. I think the easiest thing to do is whenever you find the question that you’re interested in, in other orders, ‘I’m curious about,’ or ‘I wonder if this is related to that,’ try to develop the easiest way that you can collect that information and engage with it, and then build a system around that. Whether that’s going and buying a fitness tracker or an Internet-connected weight scale, or setting up, you know, Google spreadsheets. I think one of the most underrated quantified self-tracking systems is Google Forms. It’s super easy to do. You can put it on your phone, and you can just have yourself answer surveys whenever you want. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right, right. Just answer those two questions every morning. You can have an alert on your IPhone as well that says answer your form. [Ernesto Ramirez]: Exactly, exactly. Say you wanted to know about your sleep. You could just say, every morning, just click open that little Google Form that says, how did you sleep; how long did you sleep; what did you do the night before? Simple things like that. But the other thing is, you know, it does seem a little self-promotional, but on the Quantified Self website, we have a link to the show-and-tell videos, and there are hundreds of them. We have over 700 videos in our video archive on Vimeo. But you can search the website, and probably find something that’s related to what you’re interested in. So if you’re interested in blood glucose, you can type that in, and you’re going to get returned a bunch of different posts and videos and real people talking about their real experiences tracking that thing. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Exactly, and what obstacles they came across and resolved, or so on, so you can get a head start, rather than starting from zero and maybe falling into the same traps. Yep, excellent point. So, Ernesto, what do you see – what’s the future of QS? You spoke a little bit about what you guys are focusing on right now, but are the specific things you’re looking at the moment, and any kind of challenges you’ve kind of got your eye on as well of the movement?[Ernesto Ramirez]: One of the things that we’re doing is we’re trying to open up and really bring this idea of Quantified Self to the public and really showcase that these tools and technologies are going to start coming hard and fast, and whatever kind of questions you have, you’re going to be able to engage with those questions. And so one of the things that we’re doing alongside of our global conference is having this public expo. So we have this really amazing venue in San Francisco, right on the water at Fort Mason, where we’re inviting people just to come and experience all of the different kinds of tools and tracking systems, to understand what’s actually available out there. What are the cool things that you can do? What are the questions that you can ask? How can you engage with your own personal data through a way of engaging with your own life? So that’s one of our – I think one of the things we’re really interested in, and one of our fun challenges for next year. Part of it is also that data access piece, something we’re very interested in. Trying to engage the research community with the quantified self-community as a whole. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Great, great. Thank you very much for that. Who besides QS or perhaps specific resources, what would you recommend people look at in order to learn more about quantifying themselves? Like are there any specific resources, people, or things that people could look at to learn how to do this better and so on? [Ernesto Ramirez]: Obviously, again, self-promotional here, I’ll start with the Quantified Self website, which is just QuantifiedSelf.com. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right. And to join – I mean, what’s the best approach to get involved? Let’s talk straight about it. To get involved in QS, what’s the best – I know how I do it. But let’s hear how you would go and get – how would you – what’s your first step to get involved in QS? [Ernesto Ramirez]: So on the website, we have – there’s a sidebar. There’s a list of all of the different MeetUps that are Quantified Self MeetUps around the world. So one of the first things you can do is -I mean, obviously in person is going to be a lot more fun than just watching videos at home on your computer. So trying to find a MeetUp that’s close to you is step number one. So whether you’re in Los Angeles or New York or Boston or St. Louis or – like yourself, or in Australia, gosh, I’m trying to name all of them, now. London. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: They’re all over the world. [Ernesto Ramirez]: They’re all over. Singapore. You can find a MeetUp close to you. If, though, however, you can’t find a MeetUp, we invite you to just start your own and then publicize it within your own local community to meet other people like you. That’s one of – I think the most interesting and fun parts of this, is it is a community. It’s a social aspect. We hear all the time when people come to the conferences or come to the meet ups, like, I didn’t realize there were other people that are interested in the same things I was interested in. I didn’t realize there were other dorks or geeks that were tracking their lives in Excel. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right. [Ernesto Ramirez]: Or using wireless scales and really trying to understand themselves through the lens of personal data. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah. [Ernesto Ramirez]: We have a how to start your own MeetUp blog post or page on the website where it details everything, but also you can get a hold of me. My contact information is up on the website as well. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: That’s great. And just for people – I was living in Bangkok at the time where they didn’t have a QS, but I did travel a bit. I go to London, come to the U.S. sometimes, and I would just drop in. Like, whenever I’m in a city, I’ll see if there’s a QS there. So if you travel a bit, you know, you can always check out, oh, do they have any local QS’s? And you can either do that on meetup.com, or you can go straight to the Quantified Self and, as you said, you have everything listed there. I think the thing we didn’t say is all of the meets for Quantified Self are managed through meetup.com, so they’re all listed in there. Is that correct? [Ernesto Ramirez]: That’s correct. So all of them are on meetup.com. So you can always search Quantified Self on MeetUp to find something near you. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah, and you can just RSVP, I’m going to go and join. So, I found that helpful, personally, to see what it was like. I was in some of the early meetings for London and stuff, and then because there was nothing in Bangkok, like you said, I was just, like, okay, I’ll just create my own one. And it was surprising to see that even in Bangkok, Thailand, where you don’t exactly think there’s going to be a lot of people interested in kind of something that’s a bit more cutting edge from Silicon Valley, yeah, there’s was a whole bunch of people who joined just naturally for the meet.It’s very easy to get started, even if there isn’t one in your own town. [Ernesto Ramirez]: Exactly. And, you know, one of the other things, obviously, you can come to one of our two conferences. We put on two a year. I was mentioning our global conference, we call it QS15. It will be in June in San Francisco. And we’re currently planning our fourth European Conference in Amsterdam in September of 2015. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah, and that’s a great intro, because there’s such a variety of different people and things going on there. A great place to network and meet people that might be interested in similar things to you. I’m sure there are many businesses being grown out of QS, in fact, just for that kind of networking aspect. [Ernesto Ramirez]: Too many to even name. I mean, it seems like there’s one a day. And that’s great, because the more ways people can engage with their own personal data – like we were saying, answer the questions that they find interesting and important, the better for them. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yep. Are there any other resources you’ve found useful in terms of whatever, like, learning how to gather data better, or, you know, track it better, or make better decisions from it, or whatever? [Ernesto Ramirez]: So one of the things that – I, because it’s part of my job as program director for Quantified Self, is just kind of staying abreast of different news and information. So if you’re on Twitter, the Quantified Self hashtag, which is just all one word, QuantifiedSelf, is pretty great. You know, there’s a mix of people, like news articles, people doing interesting things, but also people talking about their own data and different visualizations or projects or experiments they’ve done. Our QS forum is great. People are always posting stuff on there, which is just forum.quantifiedself.com. Then, gosh, I just feel self-promotional, just trying to promote all we do – [Damien Blenkinsopp]: You can’t think of anything besides QS? Well, I guess you guys are trying to pull in anything that’s good, right? [Ernesto Ramirez]: Yeah. So every Saturday I post on our website, and it also goes out as a newsletter called ‘What We’re Reading,’ and it’s just links to both self-tracking projects, interesting data visualizations, but also just kind of like articles around the culture of data and quantified self and what that means, people who are doing interesting stuff. But it’s also just some tech news in general. I think the last time – this last week, I posted a random article about researchers who were able to trick computers into thinking – different images were not what they seemed. It was really interesting, about algorithms and robotics. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: We’ll put links to all that stuff in the show notes. [Ernesto Ramirez]: Yeah. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: So, Ernesto, what would be your number one recommendation to someone trying to use some form of data to make better decisions about their body’s health…performance? [Ernesto Ramirez]: Oh, my number one recommendation. That is – I said it earlier, which is, you know, start small and kind of look at the easiest possible way to do it. So try not to overload yourself with devices or systems or tools or applications. And the second part is, I think, talk to someone else about your data. Whether that’s someone online that you know or don’t know, you know, sharing your data visualization, having a conversation. Because what happens, I think, a lot of times is when individuals sit with their own question and they engage with their own data, you already have some sort of bias. Like, you’re already looking for some kind of interesting pattern in a specific way. And someone else who doesn’t have your own personal experience, I mean, they’re obviously not you, is going to bring a new set of eyes and a new set of experiences, and having those conversations with people, I think, can be really, really interesting. A lot of those show-and-tells that happen in person, a question will be, have you ever thought about looking at your data in this other way? And a speaker or presenter will say, ‘Oh, I really haven’t. That’s an interesting thing to do. I’ve never thought about that.’ So I think talking to someone about it, about what you’ve learned or what you’re doing, is always a great way to actually learn more. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Great, great. And to your first point, you were saying keep it simple, because – because basically, I know some people take on these projects, they’re too complex, and they get tired of them, because it takes too much effort every day, so convenience – how conveniently can you track this, how little effort does it take, are important considerations when you’re saying, ‘Oh, I’ve got to track this data for a month or two to get what I want out of it.’ So not trying to go overboard, I think, some projects could be dropped. Have you seen that kind of thing?Like where people start out a bit over ambitious in terms of how much they want to collect and how much time they’re spending on it, and kind of drop the project halfway through and don’t get the value or whatever they wanted out of it. [Ernesto Ramirez]: Of course, yeah, it happens all the time. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yep, yeah. In all aspects of life. Final question. A bit more about you. What data metrics do you track for your own body on a routine basis? [Ernesto Ramirez]: Yeah, so I’ve been tracking with a Fitbit since 2011. I had – you know, I had a space in there where I lost it, so I had – I used data from my phone to kind of back up. I used – I’m a fan of redundant systems. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah. [Ernesto Ramirez]: So I have – my phone is tracking my physical activity, and so is my Fitbit. I track my running both with a GPS watch and a heart rate monitor and my phone as well. I also – I’m a really big fan of geolocation, because I think it tells a really interesting story about how you move around the world. So I track my geolocation. I’ve been doing my weight – not every morning, but I try and be pretty consistent, as well with that. And then my overall productivity and computer use. I use some time tracking software to do that, as well. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Great. And what has been the biggest insight from all of this kind of stuff that you’ve drawn to date, that you’ve found personally most useful? It could be anything. Just that you found it personally useful for your life? [Ernesto Ramirez]: Oh, so, even, like, as a physical activity researcher, I found it really useful to have something that tracks my physical activity, because it really kind of hit home for me that you really have to make it a priority. At least for my own. I really had to make it a priority to move. Whether that’s making sure that I go on walks, I get up from my desk, that I go on a run every so often. If I don’t – because a lot of times I’m working either from home or from another small office – that I’ll just kind of get in the zone and zone out, and it will be a few hours later, and I haven’t done anything. So really, for me, it’s really about how much of the things you kind of take for granted. Just, like, normal everyday activity, you really have to be thoughtful of. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Great, and tracking it has helped do that for you, obviously, by bringing it – [Ernesto Ramirez]: Yeah, enormously. I mean, just looking at it on a day-to-day basis. But every now and then, I go back and look at aggregate information. I’ve played around with making calendar heatmaps to look at kind of my years versus each other. And it’s pretty striking to see, like, how life changes, like walking to an office versus working from home really affects overall activity. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right, yeah, that’s interesting. So it’s the things we don’t really think about which could influence physical activity, for example, and it’s just some kind of life change. That’s very interesting. [Ernesto Ramirez]: Yeah. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Ernesto, thank you so much for joining us today, and to introduce us to the Quantified Self. It’s been great. Like I said, we’ll put all the links to you guys and everything in the show notes, so people can find you easily and get started, hopefully, in their local towns and so on. [Ernesto Ramirez]: This has been fun. I really appreciate it. Leave a Reply Find A Podcast Search for: Popular Podcasts Topics Friend Damien to Get the Latest The Quantified Body Mail Tweet Share Share Share Share Share ShareSearch for: Episode 33 – Yoni Donner How to Know What Improves Your Mental Performance (in Only a Few Minutes per Day) Transcript Comments Download Rate In previous episodes, we have discussed and identified ways to improve our mental performance. Most recently, we explored Brain Training with Adrian Owen in episode 27 . Many people try to improve their cognitive function with interventions such as caffeine, Nootropics, and different sleep patterns to try and improve clarity of thoughts and performance of the mind. How do we know that these things are paying off? We could just be misleading ourselves and wasting our time on something which may, at some point, be proven to have little or no benefit. In this episode, we look at a more usable, time efficient tool which could be used to decide whether or not the caffeine in this coffee is helping your mental performance. The Quantified Mind is a way to objectively check the value of our attempts to “boost our brainpower”. One of the people behind the Quantified Mind project is Yoni Donner. For years he has been interested in life extension and is searching for an answer using science and data. Therefore, he conceived, designed, and currently leads this web-based tool. Yoni and his team (including Nick Winter, developer, and Stephen Kosslyn, Former Professor at both Stanford and Harvard) have created numerous opportunities and experiments through their website which anyone can use to help them analyze their own mental performance and cognitive capabilities in a variety of different ways. Yoni also works at Google on artificial intelligence and has published a few papers through his work with Stanford University. The episode highlights, biomarkers, and links to the apps, devices and labs and everything else mentioned are below. Enjoy the show and let me know what you think in the comments ! What You’ll Learn There are two stages to be used with the Quantified Mind testing: first a control of normal cognitive decline of an individual and then the effects of intervention on cognitive decline (8:01).There is little to no practice effect involved with these cognitive tests (15:00).Yoni Donner compares his tests with other mental performance tests such as Lumosity (16:35).Yoni Donner shares his opinion on brain training (18:13).The Quantified Mind includes tests that look at reaction time, motor speed tests, visual abilities, working memory, learning and executive functions (23:21). Extra care has been taken to make sure the Quantified Mind experiments and tests are scientifically sound (26:24).Yoni Donner explains the growth of the project and number of users who participate in the tests (27:30).Within the tests, time of day cognitive differences and different intervention effects (such as coffee, etc.) can be analyzed while you test yourself (30:17).Yoni Donner suggests that you only need to do one or two minutes of testing at a time (32:00). Yoni Donner talks about his own personal experiments with the Quantified mind testing, including his suggestion to plan the activities of your day around your cognitive ability during different times of day (33:01).Discussion of coffee as an intervention to improve cognitive performance (40:26).Testing should be individualized for each user; many use these tests to track their aging process (46:04).Discussion of Nootropics, especially Modafinil, and self-testing mental performance when using neuro enhancing drugs (49:20). The Quantified Mind has been very active in the scientific community to help provide data and tools for researchers (51:25).How Yoni Donner tracks biomarkers on a routine basis to monitor and improve his health, longevity and performance (54:37).Yoni Donner’s one biggest recommendation on using body data to improve your health, longevity and performance (57:44). Yoni Donner and the Quantified Mind Quantified Mind : this is the main page for Yoni Donner’s project. Quantified Mind Contact page : use this link to contact Yoni Donner and his team with any questions or comments. Tools & Tactics Brain Training BrainHQ by Posit Science : BrainHQ is a Brain Training product that offers a variety of exercises to promote things like memory and attention. The app is available for Apple products and can be used through their main website. Lumosity : this is another product that offers brain training exercises. This programme is available for Apple products and Android products . Supplementation Nootropics : also called smart drugs and neuro enhancers. These drugs and supplements are used to improve cognitive function and productivity. Modafinil : A currently popular nootropic that is primarily sold under the brand name Provigil. It is a drug which promotes wakefulness and alertness in an individual and is rumored to be the inspiration behind the film Limitless with Bradley Cooper and Robert DeNiro.It requires a prescription, although generic drugs with alternative brand names are also being sold on the Internet. Piracetam : Piracetam has also used to increase cognitive performance and protect the brain in diseases like alzheimers. It is one of nootropics with the longest history of use and the most research on it . Diet & Nutrition Bulletproof Coffee : Created by Dave Asprey, Bulletproof Coffee is a combination of low mycotoxin coffee beans , grass-fed butter, and MCT oil (or Brain Octane (a concentrated form of MCT) which is said to improve cognitive performance. In 2012, Dave Asprey and the Quantified Mind paired up to conduct a study to test the components of Bulletproof Coffee, as mentioned in this episode. Some information regarding the study can be found here . The outcome seemed to suggest that the butter had no impact, but that taking ‘low mycotoxin coffee’ as compared to standard Starbucks coffee did have performance benefits. Tracking Lab Tests, Devices and Apps Quantified Mind : from this home page you can sign up to use these cognitive tests and join experiments that other users are also participating in through the project. CANTAB : these are alternative neuropsychological tests, developed originally by the University of Cambridge, that were mentioned by Damien in the podcast. Stroop Testing : the Stroop effect is used to process attention and processing speed. The Stroop test is a common tool in psychology used to assess reaction time. Cambridge Brain Sciences : This website offers a battery of free mental and cognitive performance tests. These tests are designed to assess your state of cognitive performance at one point of time and to be done infrequently (requires 15 to 30 minutes to complete). Other People, Books & Resources People Stephen Kosslyn : A former Harvard and Stanford psychologist, Kosslyn collaborated with Yoni on the creation of Quantified Mind. Christine L. Peterson : Peterson is the co-founder and past president of Foresight Institute. She is an advocate for nanotechnology and life extension technology. She was an instrumental part of the Personalized Life Extension Conference mentioned by Yoni Donner in this episode. Peter Thiel : Peter Thiel is a billionaire investor businessman. He is the co-founder of Paypal and one of the early investors of Facebook. He has recently taken interest in anti-aging solutions and life extension technologies. Roy Baumeister, PhD : A social psychologist who is currently a professor at Florida State University . He was influential with his work on willpower and has been published over 500 times. In the late 90’s he authored a paper commonly referred to as the “cookie and radish” experiment. He was mentioned by Damien after Yoni Donner discussed ego depletion in the podcast. Adrian Owen: Mentioned by Yoni as one of the first study authors on Brain Training. We discussed brain training with Adrian in episode 27 . Organizations The Human Cognition Project (HCP) : this is the home page for the Human Cognition Project which is also associated with Lumosity. This project aims to provide researchers with the data necessary to pursue research questions and hypotheses regarding human cognition. Other The Science page : this page offers a detailed description of the science behind the Quantified Mind project and cognitive testing. For further information, there is a list of references at the end of the page. Lumosity blog : this is the blog hosted by Lumosity that provides up-to-date information about the science behind brain training and general updates about Lumosity itself. Full Interview Transcript [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Hey Yoni, thanks so much for coming on the show. [Yoni Donner]: Thanks so much for inviting me. It’s a pleasure. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Great. So, we before we get into it, I wanted to hear a little bit about your first got involved in your interest area. How did the Quantified Mind come about? Was this a mini project? Was it something you were interested in, at first, doing for yourself? [Yoni Donner]: Yes. It started with a pretty different context. I always wanted to cure aging since I was pretty young. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Nice. [Yoni Donner]: And I still do. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah, I’m there. [Yoni Donner]: Turned out to be a somewhat more difficult problem. But no, the original thought was that, perhaps, the most accessible part of aging that we can start working on is the aging of the brain. Especially since that sort of leads everything else and there were all of these reports of these things that might be useful. And since I had lots of friends who were interested in this, and they often annoyed me when they massively consumed blueberries because they thought they would help, I really looking for some scientific backing of all these potential interventions. And it turned out there isn’t actually much.Most of the stuff that goes into newspapers is completely not validated, and we wanted to do it ourselves. So, I just looked at “what can science tell us about how to measure cognitive performance,” and it turns out that they’ve been very good at measuring the differences between people, but they’ve done almost nothing to measure the inter-individual variation. So, it’s very hard to compare a person to themselves under many different conditions for several reasons. So, the tests were not built for this purpose at all so I kind of have to adapt them to make them test the person several times. And also they’re very inefficient so sometimes you take a long time to get the data or you need a psychology student to get the data for you. And it was a disappointing finding that I realized, if I really want it done, I have to build it myself. Especially since I’ve never really enjoyed building websites or anything of that kind. I really just like analyzing data and writing over convoluted algorithms. But with some help from some friends in the first stages, we got this going, and since then it has actually been mostly used for other purposes. Namely for people to test more acute interventions rather than long term processes. And that’s fine. Whatever is useful is great. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: So, you’re using it for the long – are you still using it for the aging? You want to maintain, or you want to improve over time, your brain responses? [Yoni Donner]: There are several stages. The first one is simply to validate that we can accurately track the process of cognitive decline. This would be the control. Once that is established, we want to start looking at the most promising interventions. So whether they be physical exercise or even jogs. Although I’m not generally a huge fan of jogs, simply because they seem to have more side effects than positive effects. But yeah, so we did make some progress. Actually, only the last year, I finally managed to get some collaborators to recruit subjects and do a longitudinal study within person aging. So that is all very new now. Now, this is at this stage of trying to get more researchers for a slightly longer pilot study because this was sort of to establish the methods and verify that we get clean data and so on. What I can say is we definitely have seen, on the data that’s been collected randomly with people who opted in to provide their age, that the classical effects of aging are very, very clearly seen. So, at least in that sense, all of the stuff that we’ve known has been replicated. But now I mostly rely on working with researchers who can actually do the interventions. So it would be great, for example, to do a caloric restriction study in humans. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right, and see if that has an impact. But I’m guessing you’re going to have to do this over five years or something to see anything significant? [Yoni Donner]: So, that is a great question. So the whole point was to not wait five years. So Quantified Mind was built to be so precise that we could actually see effects given a reasonable sample size with a much shorter amount of time. Because, obviously, no single individual will reliably show decline over two months even if they’re over 70 or over 80 years old. But it’s an average effect that is quite strong. So there is some effect size that you could say over a month of your life there is an average decline. It’s probably very, very small compared to, for example, random daily variation. That’s why, if you have a sufficiently large number of measurements, you could actually see that. And I have a lot of data by now about the accuracy of this – how well [unclear 10:06] measures the actual observability. So, the reliability of the test is actually very, very high. And you got almost zero noise in the measurement itself so you’re just fighting against the noise in the actual cognitive function. So really people would vary more day to day more than they would on average over a month. But that’s fine since we average over that eventually with enough data. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right. Well this is really cool because I didn’t know that this was the original purpose of it, and actually, this is what I’ve been interested in lately. I’ve been interested in mild cognitive impairment and I talk about cognitive decline. And I’ve actually had some scans showing some nasty structural changes due to something I went through a couple of years ago. So I want to kind of repair that and get it back up to speed. So, it’s one of the reasons I’ve – and when you’re say anti-aging, you really think about the brain. I’ve also thought, for me, the two areas that seem most important to me are energy and the brain. Brain so that we can carry on thinking and walking around. And if you don’t have energy you can’t really get stuff done either. Because once your productivity is gone you can’t work on any of this stuff. [Yoni Donner]: Yeah, that’s true.Actually, what you said now is almost an exact quote from the first quote I gave in proposing this project in an aging conference four or five years ago. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Oh wow. Cool. [Yoni Donner]: So yeah, completely agreed on this. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Well you’ll have to tell me afterwards about the anti-aging conferences. Are there any good ones that you like or prefer? Because I’m sure the audience is interested in this stuff too. [Yoni Donner]: I don’t if it’s still going on. I have seen anything about this in a while, but it was called the Personalized Life Extension Conference. It was run by Christine Peterson who now does Foresight though. Maybe she doesn’t even do that anymore. It was very cool. I got a slot there to just propose this project that was not even close to existing yet. It was just an idea, but I put on a spiel on all of my belief in why we need a new tool and what’s the problem with existing measurements. And I have to say, at least I got one thing in my life right, that I did build it exactly the way that I proposed it. But it was nice. I got to talk to Peter Thiel about this right after my talk and – [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Oh awesome. [Yoni Donner]: He set me up with one of his people to actually discuss funding for the project. Of course that never materialized because I’m not a business person. So I never follow up on business talks. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Oh well it’s a great intro to Peter Thiel as that’s quite a big name. Might come in useful to you later maybe with the tool. So I’d like to talk about what future plans that you have for the tool later. But for now, could we take a step back? Because you’ve said that this tool is quite different to a lot of the others out there. And some of the ones, when I contacted you, I was thinking about, is things like the – we had Adrian Owen who developed the Cambridge Brain Sciences set of tests, if you know those. We had him on the podcast a little while ago. [Yoni Donner]: They got really famous from publishing in [unclear 12:54]. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Publishing, and with the study which showed the brain training wasn’t effective. Was it that one, or something else? [Yoni Donner]: That may have been that. There was one study that was really famous that I think Adrian Owen was the first author on. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah. It might have been that one. Anyway so, and in this CANTAB, which is supposedly the best validated tool, is the reason it’s not relevant to you as CANTAB is because it’s looking at the differences between people rather than a person in time, as you explained earlier? [Yoni Donner]: Well each of the existing tools has some substandard features and some that are not. So, I should be more clear. There have been mainly three axes of scaling that the Quantified Mind is supposed to provide that have not been existing altogether in existing tools. So one of them is just something that Lasuis Claviger [check 13:41] cross experiments. It’s very easy for a researcher to just set up a new experiment and get a very validated and standardized set of tests and tools for analysis. So, part of this is, for example, providing easy access to the entire raw data through APIs, but in doing things like randomizing subjects into groups or very easily controlling how the experiment is applied. And they also provide all kinds of algorithms for making data analysis easier and distinct outliers very reliably. So this helps scale across experiments. And then there’s the [unclear 14:13] in person component, which simply was optimized to begin with in this test. So, all the tests have been adapted to be very, very efficient and to be completely repeatable. When I say completely, you could even take the test one billion times if you wanted to, and it would still be effective. Not only that, it would be more effective because the practice effects get weaker over time. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: That’s something we should highlight for people. A lot of these tests you can get better at them over time. So this is what you call the practice effect or the training effect. [Yoni Donner]: Right. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: And in this case, because you want to see if there’s decline or improvement, you wanted to eliminate that. So you’re saying in these tests there’s not very much of that. As I understand it, after you’ve played it a few times, you’ve done it a few times, there’s not much change in terms of practice or training effect. [Yoni Donner]: Yeah, that’s generally true. I also have more precise on all of the tests of exactly the practice magnitude. In the worst case it takes about five sessions to get it down to manageable levels. By that I mean that it’s smaller than most of the hypothetical effect sizes that we’re interested in measuring. So just time of day variation and so on. But I do have exactly the compositions of the variance for all the tests. I’ve got all of this data for my thesis.So, a lot of tests don’t even have practice effects at all. For example, reaction time tests are almost zero. And one way is if you can extrapolate the practice effect and eliminate it. But I think it is generally better not to make any model based assumptions and not to fit additional parameters. So if it’s possible for any experiments to start with just a few practice sessions just to get this out of the way. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right. Yeah so, in practice someone should do those tests a few times a few days in a row and then they could consider that in their baseline. [Yoni Donner]: Right. Yeah. So that’s the protocol that we follow on most experiments now. Four for five practice sessions before. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Does it have to be the same day or could you just spread those out over a week or something? [Yoni Donner]: Generally, I would say spreading them is a little bit better, but it’s kind of insignificant next to just the value of doing them at all. So often with this kind of thing, I think it’s better to make sure that just people do them and not be too strict about rules because that will just result in losing subjects and – [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right. [Yoni Donner]: Or they wouldn’t do it at all. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Excellent. And then I just wanted to bring up the other tools and see how it compares in your mind. There’s Lumosity and there’s BrainHQ Posit Science. How does your tool compare to those? [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. So Lumosity, we actually became good friends when I built Quantified Mind and we talked about this a little bit, and we really like each other because we are completely complimentary and non-competing at all because they are focused on brain training and also on user acquisition. Obviously, the whole thing is a big game and they’re huge and they make something that appeals to everyone. We joked about this the other day. Almost everyone’s mother plays Lumosity. That is very different. They don’t do a very precise measurement of the instruments, but they do try to make arguments about brain training, and they’re very, very good about the gamification effect and user retention. Quantified Mind is completely focused on being a precise measurement tool and, even more so, a research instrument. So that’s a very different focus. But I should say, I just published a paper with Lumosity last month that used their data since they still have a lot more of it about human learning dynamic. So, that was a lot of fun. And mostly I did the whole research and they provided their amazing data. But it was a great experience just collaborating with the VP of R&D there – is a great guy. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah. Cool. And I as I understand BrainHQ Posit Science is pretty much the same as Lumosity, but just smaller. [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. I think there are subtle differences. Posit does stay more focused on some pathologies or specific kinds of improvement. Lumosity, more appeal to the general public. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Great. And what’s your opinion on the whole brain training area? Like I said, we had Adrian Owen on and he talked about his study where they tested a lot of people in the UK and they found no effects at all after they’d been doing some training for a while with the Cambridge Brain Sciences test. Do you have an opinion on that? [Yoni Donner]: I think it’s very hard to just put a binary result or to say for sure brain training does not work at all. But I think if we consider what work should mean to a reasonable person, we can kind of conclude this question anyway. Because for something to work, it needs to have, not just a nonzero effect size, but also an effect size that’s big enough to be worth the effort. And even if you do something – I do a [unlcear 18:36] every day. And let’s suppose you even improve your working memory in the general transferrable sense, all the results that we have so far – even the most of the domestic ones, even the ones that say it works – show a pretty small effect size. And it still takes a lot of your time and a lot of your energy. For example, people told me on Quantified Mind there is a single [unclear 18:58] test, which is not even as horribly annoying as to do an the Quantified Mind, and people still said they fight with their significant others after doing this. [Laughter] So, it drains a lot of willpower, it drains a lot of energy to do those things, and you get a very tiny effect in the end. So, if you are dedicated enough to do something good for your brain, there is nothing in the literature right now that comes even close to physical exercise, and this has been documented so many times. So I’d say do some effort to clean up your diet. I don’t know, ditch the caffeine addictions. But if you drink it, in small amounts. Sleep well and exercise a lot. It will be much better use of your time than brain training. Of course brain training is just appealing to people who like playing video games.So it seems like if you like doing these engaging things with your computer, then you just don’t suffer that much. But it’s still very time consuming and the effects are quite small even according to the most optimistic results. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right. I went through a phase of using Lumosity and I came to the conclusion that it was just a huge sink of my time and it wasn’t really providing any benefits. But what I did notice was, when I was sick, I would get a huge crash – [Laughter] [Yoni Donner]: Oh yeah. That’s really true. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: in my data. So that was interesting. But the amount of time to play the games is a lot when you’ve been playing it for a while, the games tend to start taking a long time. Some of them were taking – I felt like it was ten minutes, and that was just too much time at the beginning of the day, I was doing it for this. So, that’s one of the things that attracted me to Quantified Mind because you said you had a focus on keeping it efficient and minimal. Before we get into that I just wanted to point out something you just said. You were saying the willpower. It drains the willpower. It sounds like we’ve both been thinking about willpower quite a lot and how that impacts. Could you explain what you meant in a bit more detail when you’re saying that doing these kinds of tests could drain willpower and that could have impacts on the rest of your life, right? [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. Well so I don’t want to say things that are too conclusive in a field that I’m not an expert in, but I actually did – there was a master student who did his thesis project with Quantified Mind on exactly the thing called ego depletion, which is highly related to willpower. So ego depletion is, for example, when I give you a stroop test and then you’re more likely to eat a cookie after. Because some hypothesis could be that it drains your willpower. And it definitely looks this way with the Quantified Mind test. So, we actually did an interesting experiment where we gave people a 20 minute long stroop test, which is really torture. And you can definitely see that people just cannot, even within the test itself – within those 20 minutes – they cannot maintain their ability to answer the difficult trials. So you can divide the test to easy, moderate, and hard trials to pretty rough division, and you could definitely see that they keep getting the easy ones correct. But there are points where they just collapse and they start messing up the hard ones. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: That’s a matter of endurance – the longer you’ve been doing it? [Yoni Donner]: So, we didn’t get longitudinal data on this, unfortunately, so we don’t know if the same people got better the second time they did the 20. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: I meant in terms of if you’ve been doing the test for ten minutes versus one minute. Was there an endurance effect in terms of willpower potentially? [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. So that was the main hypothesis. It turned that it’s a bit more complicated like everything in life. So then, in general, yes. You do get less likely over time if you average other people. But there are also times where people seem to sort of get it back together. Actually, towards the end. It seems like they suddenly notice they’re close to the end so they have another bout of energy. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right. [Yoni Donner]: But yeah, and we also had these results when people just report as qualitatively. They feel drained after doing a long [unclear 22:33] and it’s fine. I do personally believe that there is also a lot of this classical “willpower is not that important if you don’t believe that it is.” [Damien Blenkinsopp]: You think there’s merit to that? [Yoni Donner]: Well it seems to be partly true and partly there is something that does drain. And it also seems to be trainable to some degree. It’s just one other reason not to spend too long doing things that don’t give you much benefit. But there are many other reasons to not spend too long doing things that don’t give you much benefit. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Great. The cookie test you brought up – the experiment of, I think it was, Roy Baumeister? [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. And actually one of the things really is the stroop test by the way. So this is direct evidence. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: I understand. Could you explain what areas of Quantified Mind what areas of the brain are you testing or what cognitive capabilities are you looking at? [Yoni Donner]: There are some tests that looking at reaction times and speed directly. So there are few reaction time tests and motor speed test. There’s some visual and spatial abilities. Which I’m going with a somewhat thematic order because these things are a little close to reaction times. There’s a lot of executive function and working memory stuff. So there’s always the argument of whether working memory and shorter memory are the same thing or not. So there are things for both.There are some verbal learning stuff. So more long term learning. This is the main emphasis. There have been other tests that people have put in who have collaborated with me on studies. Actually emotion regulation and decision-making, but we didn’t ever get a lot of data for those so I didn’t get to analyze their psychometric properties. But yes, so mainly those things. I’d say the most rough division – [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah. How do these relate to the people at home? If they’re thinking about working area and the executive function area, how is that going to impact their daily life? [Yoni Donner]: So these are probably the most important ones. Actually more important than speed. Probably speed would correlate to what you’d think of as alertness or even energy – weakly correlate. And executive functions would more correspond to what people would think of as focus or attention, or really getting things done, or even flow, I would dare say. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Getting into flow. The ability to get into flow. Okay. [Yoni Donner]: And working memory is the best correlator out of these things to intelligence in general. So to be efficiency of work. But again, these are all very rough generalizations in making things interpretable. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah, right. So to connect to the day to day is a little bit difficult. But working memory is basically, roughly how many things you can keep in your mind. So, I always thought if you’re solving some kind of puzzle or you’re trying to make some kind of decision, if you can have ten variables in your mind – I think it’s seven the amount typical for working memory. But if you can basically play around with those things more in working memory similar to a computer has ram, then it’s easier to make decisions and more complex decisions. [Yoni Donner]: Yeah, exactly. And of course every kind of work in modern life is full of these multiple things that come at you and if you have too many of them. Even writing code, is one of the most obvious things that depend on working memory, right? [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Well I think pretty much everything I can think of. When you’re problem solving, I think that’s very dependent on working memory. Is that correct? For most people, if they’re going about their jobs. Most jobs these days, it’s troubleshooting, it’s problem-solving, it’s planning. Would you fit those into the working memory area? [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. If we were take into just a generalization and not perfect [unclear 26:05], yeah, totally. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: I like that you put the caveat out there. It’s good. [Laughter] [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. Sorry, I just got my PhD so have to be an uberous careful scientific person. [Laughter] [Damien Blenkinsopp]: No, that’s great. So in terms of the scientific validation between your tests that you’ve put up there, how strong is it? [Yoni Donner]: It’s quite good. So, to begin with, everything is building on tests that have been very, very extensively used in the literature. That’s how I selected them to begin with. But I also did many independent types of validation. First of all, reliability is extremely high. It was higher than I ever hope to achieve. The basic result on reliability in this data shows that a one minute test for almost all tests is sufficient to measure almost perfectly the skill which is being measured. Which is great. And for validation, I looked at internal structure and external structure. So these mean how the tests relate to each other, and that behavior supports completely psychometric theory and psychological theory. So that suggested they are measuring the right thing. And the external variables also look exactly correct, so the same we’d expect. There are extensive results on this. I am slowly working on a paper that, hopefully, will eventually bring all of these results out. But for now it looks really good. So everything that we would predict does seem to behave correctly, and then, of course, there are new results that we had no predictions about so this gives us some confidence to believe in them. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: So, when did this launch and how many users have you had using the system so far? [Yoni Donner]: This was early 2012, and it grew fairly linearly. I never tried to get users, but it just happened so that’s nice. It grew fairly linearly. We have now over 40,000. I think most people, of course, don’t take many tests. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right. They do a few and then disappear. [Yoni Donner]: There was several jumps in the middle where some event happened and then a ton of people signed up overnight. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Great. Do you know how many tests have been taken to date? [Yoni Donner]: Yes. It would be something like half a million tests. I think I even computed the number of individual trials and it was something like 660 in a million or – [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Wow. I’m guessing you look at that.Do you sometimes look at that data to see if there’s anything interesting that comes out on the averages or -? [Yoni Donner]: So looking at the aggregates, definitely that’s the way to do psychometric analysis. So without looking at who’s doing what and names at experiments, you can still look at relationships between tests and practice effects and complexity effects. These are real interesting things – and even time of day, which is always there. I don’t just look at people’s data because that’s a big invasion of privacy. But there are cases where researchers are designing experiments that are run on the platform. Then I give them some access rights. Then everyone who signs to that experiment specifically opts in to having the data available only to that researcher, and often we do the data analysis together. So I do get to see a lot of cool stuff. And yeah, it looks like these results are pretty encouraging. We definitely knew, to begin with, that the effect sizes to be expected with in-person variation would be rather small, but it’s very nice to actually find them. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right. That’s cool. One of the things I’d like to make clear about this tool is basically that, in order to do experiments, you’ve added the ability to add variables. And there’s some basic variables you’ve already added in yourself, like “have I had coffee today, have I had chocolate today” that you have tested for. So it enables us to control for different things and see if they’re having an impact on us, on our cognition and at the different test areas. [Yoni Donner]: Correct. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: So, do a lot of people make use of that function and you can see the differences between say coffee and no coffee? And you’re saying also the time of day. Do you track that with location? So, I’m in London right now, for instance. [Yoni Donner]: Yes. People who are moving around and don’t update it in the time zone, I would lose that data. I do not take into account all the data from people who did not demonstrate that they were aware that a time zone field exists and needed to be updated. So, I only include people who explicitly change their time zone at least once to make sure that at least that part will be roughly – [Damien Blenkinsopp]: So, I’m gone. [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. There were cool results with the time of day because I think no one has looked at the time of day effects simultaneously across a wide variety of tests, and I’ve done exactly of this. Only a few weeks ago finally got to play around with this. It was cool. So you can’t actually look at a uniform this time of day because different people have different chronotypes. So there would be owls and larks and all these other names. So instead of uniformly averaging across everyone, I used a nonparametric clustering algorithm to find, automatically from the data, what are the clusters that we can see. It was really cool because you could definitely see that almost all the people are worse at night. But definitely some people get this afternoon dip and some do not. And some people peak in the late morning where as some others actually slowly improve throughout the day and only collapse late night. It was really cool to see this emerge from the data itself with no prior assumptions. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: That’s interesting because I can make assumptions about those cases. You could probably too. It’s speculation, but a lot of people get slight adrenal fatigue so they could be more tired in the afternoon. I could imagine that it would. It’s said to affect cognitive. So, it’s funny that your data has pulled out those scenarios, which would be very interesting. So what would be the minimal test? Because we’re talking about efficiency here and we talked about how doing a lot of testing might reduce our willpower and have some impact on our self-control during the day and some other impacts. So, in terms of someone who wants to do some tests and basically see where they are – track some that are not having cognitive decline or potentially looking at days they drink coffee versus not or some other test – what would be the minimal test you could do once per day to track while experimenting like that? [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. I’d say even just one minute and pick one test or maybe two minutes and two tests, and that’s it. So, two back or three back or a good test, cover a wide variety. It’s mostly working memory, but you’d also get a component of speed in that. So if you do that I’d say you don’t really need to measure speed separately or choice reaction time or something. And it’s also valuable to put stroop or what is called sorting on the Quantified Mind. But definitely one to two minutes and no more. There’s no need it and it just reduces the likelihood of doing this many, many times, which is far more valuable than adding more tests to a single measurement. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right.So you could basically do this test once per day, control the variables and it’s basically a minute of your time to get potentially something useful. [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. Or multiple times per day if you’re looking at something that changes across the day or the effect of coffee obviously are not constant across the day. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right. Exactly. I know that you did a lot of tests in the past. I’m not sure if you’re still doing a lot of tests with this on yourself. What kind of discoveries have you made about yourself? [Yoni Donner]: That’s interesting. So, I definitely agree with what you said before about getting sick. Fortunately – this is famous last words – that did not happen in quite a long time. So I didn’t get that data point. But last time I measured this the effect was huge. It was unbelievable. It was somewhat that I could compare this to, for myself, something like five days of pretty severe sleep deprivation. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right. Exactly. [Yoni Donner]: Awful. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Did you see kind of like a crash and then a slow recovery? [Yoni Donner]: Even when getting better? [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah, right. Well for me, personally, it took it five days, seven days to get back to baseline after the initial day when you fall sick. Of course it depends on the sickness, so it’s a bit variable. [Yoni Donner]: I think the recovery was a bit faster, but still we probably had different things going on. But yeah, it was a very strong effect. I actually did a [unclear 33:51]. One of the strangest things I’ve done on myself. So I like doing things that they also keep me engaged by their own right. So an experiment which is not boring because it gets you to keep doing it. We had this funny discussion about a little odd result in the literature. You may know this one. Glycogen depletion followed by glycogen overcompensation resulted in a significant improvement in cognitive functions. They did this on rats and this was a long, long time ago. I may not get the details right away. I think they basically let them run to exhaustion until the poor rat just collapsed. And then they fed them a ton of sugar, more than they needed to refill the glycogen. And then killed them and witnessed abnormally huge amount of glycogen in their range. And then they hypothesized that this would also translate to a behavioral output. So I did this on my poor human self for like several days. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Okay. So could you explain how you did that to yourself? [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. So without the killing part. So a lot of exercise. I think that was also a good excuse to get myself back into exercising. So, it was a lot of cardio and then some weight lifting. I read what you’re supposed to do to do some glycogen depletion. So a lot of many, many, many sets with relatively low weights. That seemed, at least by subjective experience of wanting to diet, seemed to do the job. And then trying to do some calculations of what exactly would be the glycogen overcompensation, and then take cognitive tests about several hours later. I don’t remember the exact numbers. It was a few years ago. But it was a hypothesis based on a minimal amount of existing data. That seemed to work great. It’s totally not worth it. It’s like brain training. But definitely I got some of the highest scores I’ve ever seen in my life. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Cool. That sounded like a huge effort actually. That sounded like it was a couple of days to do that. [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. So I only did like five times, but it was pretty significant. This is definitely not something that I want to do in life, and it’s not worth it to get this benefit. But it was just interesting. Again, this is the kind of thing you want to know or you or you want to test. And if there’s some open question, why not just settle it with science? [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right. And who knows? If you had a really, really difficult decision to make or some kind of planning session or something, you might to do that as a one off to solve that life decision that you have or – [Yoni Donner]: It’s true. Or if you have an exam at 3:00 PM or something and you decide to waste your time on doing this crazy stuff instead of studying. You might at least know that you’ll be quite pumped up when you get there. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: What other experiments have you done that have had some significant impact? Are there any you feel you’ve integrated into your life because they’re worthwhile because the time expense for actually doing these things isn’t too much to get some kind of benefit. [Yoni Donner]: The biggest impact one is time of day and I think that would apply to a lot of people because you don’t really need to do strange manipulations or interventions for this. So just design the activities that you do such as they fit with your natural rhythms. I’m currently at the point where I’m way more productive in the early part of the day.So, I leave all of the stuff that doesn’t require too much mental power to the later parts of the day. But that’s a very easy one. And an interesting one that we’ve seen that’s not on me, but an actual study that was done quite recently was that the effects of temperature are not what people would expect. Which is also a little consistent with existing literature, but there’s not that much existing literature on this. This was a great study where several hundred subjects and everything was perfectly controlled in terms of temperature and humidity. They did all the practice stuff perfectly so the data was very, very clean and very, very good, and it showed that people do not actually predict correctly when they function at their best. So most people would report being more comfortable at a slightly lower temperature than the temperature which their brains worked the best behaviorally. This seems like a little counterintuitive, but I looked into this and it turns out that this is actually consistent with results that were previously known. But I think we brought a better resolution to this question. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: It’s always interesting when it goes against our own sense of wellbeing. As you’re saying it’s a little less comfortable, a little bit hotter than maybe we feel is comfortable is when we’re working best. I was also wondering if you think a lot of people might try to guess their rhythm during the day. I’ve always been a morning person and I’ve always told people I’m a morning person. Over time, I think I’ve got some more stamina now so I can work for longer periods. I can work maybe 10 to 12 hours and I don’t feel so bad if I’m not doing it too many times a week. So basically, people should kind of test this kind of thing with the test. But would you expect them in [unclear 38:36] you mean speaking to people about their time stamp test and does it kind of reflect what they thought? [Yoni Donner]: That’s interesting. I think most people have a good sense of this, especially who are workaholics because they actually try to use their brain at all times of the day. So they really discover what it’s like. Of course you mix in all effects. Obviously you get a little tired just by doing mentally exerting work. So it’s not a perfectly controlled study because then you would have to be lazy the whole day and see if you still function not quite as good in the night. But most people don’t do this and they are accurate. There aren’t that many people who have shared their results or given me access to their data explicitly. But there’s at least one person who said he actually did change his routine based on these results. Because he used to do a lot of intellectually engaging work for the evening and it turns out his results were very strong biased towards morning strength. So he moved everything around and moved, for example, his physical workouts to the evening because he found that he didn’t need much willpower to get started. So he would do the workout and didn’t feel that it matters too much if he lifts a little bit less weight because that also changes during the day and it might not be correlated too. So that was a cool example of changing things accordingly. And that’s really, again, the easiest experiment to do. You don’t need an intervention at all. You just get the data. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah. Great. Are there academic studies that you can talk about that have been done with The Quantified Mind? Because I noticed some of them are restricted. [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. It’s true. So there are a lot going on. There’s always someone somewhere doing yet another kind of coffee study. Which is funny, but it’s nice because it always works. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Let’s talk about coffee because I think – did you do a bulletproof coffee study? Was that where it was done because -? [Yoni Donner]: That’s not really academic, but it was a study. Yeah. It had problems. It was definitely not blind and there was a selection effect by the [unclear 40:35] class. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Just for the people at home, that means that the people had opted in big as like they like bulletproof coffee basically. [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. They were actually recruited through the Bulletproof Coffee website. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Instead of being randomly given Bulletproof Coffee. [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. And this in combination with not being blind means that the placebo effect would be huge. Because you’re exactly telling the people who would believe that this would work on them that they are currently under the condition that would work for them. Having said that, the results were more interesting than just a pure monotonic improvement. So Bulletproof Coffee has this as a component of the coffee and the butter. So even in our data, butter had zero effect, but coffee had a large effect. This means coffee, like Bulletproof compared to Starbucks, not Bulletproof compared to no coffee, which would obviously have an effect.[Damien Blenkinsopp]: Okay. And the quality of the coffee basically or something about the coffee that was better. It’s interesting – [Yoni Donner]: Or the placebo of the coffee, yes. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: The facts that people were using the Bulletproof versus the other. Yeah, that’s cool. Well in coffee, in general, because everyone thinks of course that we’re performing better when we’re on coffee. You certainly feel good. I’ve had an interesting – because when I started using this tool I thought coffee would make a difference. I’m drinking Bulletproof Coffee in the mornings because I feel like it gives me a ton of energy. So I’ve been doing that for a long time and I’v found that it makes no difference to my score so far. [Yoni Donner]: Oh interesting. Even when you are slightly sleep deprived? [Damien Blenkinsopp]: I really make an effort to sleep well. So I wouldn’t say that I’m – today maybe is the only day in a long time that I didn’t sleep great, and I know why that is. It’s because I took a few things yesterday. But that doesn’t really happen to me that I’m sleep deprived. So is that the one situation where coffee has the biggest impact? You’ve seen that? [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. The literature definitely shows this that the effects of coffee are – I think there is still evidence to suggest they exist in non-sleep deprived individuals. But those are actually very rare in modern society. It’s great that you take care of yourself, and I wish everyone did the same. But definitely the literature shows that the more sleep deprived you are, the more difference coffee would make. There’s this famous study with Marines or Navy Seals or something where it showed that even the effect of the dose keeps improving after 300 milligrams, which seems like a gigantic dose to me. But that was still better than 200. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Wow. So, for the people at home, how many coffees is that? [Yoni Donner]: That’d be like five espressos. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Wow. [Yoni Donner]: I’m not a huge coffee expert really, but I think that sounds right. So yeah, this was still better than 200. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Okay. Yeah. [Yoni Donner]: So I think it depends. But in general, whenever you use something chemical, even if coffee and it’s safe and it’s not that bad and it feels nice, you’re still playing with stuff that we don’t fully understand. I do firmly believe that, if you can first improve your life by sleeping better, then this is a better approach to do than optimizing coffee intake. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right. I think one of the interesting things about this is when you feel good, you do more work. I find personally you tend to take on more bigger tasks and things like that. And what I would say is I think coffee – I don’t know if I’m an addict – coffee makes me feel good. And so, I think I do more, but that wouldn’t necessarily show up in a cognitive test that I know of. Is that correct? [Yoni Donner]: It might show in an indirect way if only by showing that you did more tests because this is a big effect when you’re not actually in a controlled study. You could just decide you don’t feel like taking the test now, and that would usually show that you’re a little weak on willpower or something. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: You were saying it would show up for sleep deprived people. So, have you seen that coffee makes quite a big impact on people in general for the aggregate later? So, basically then you would be saying like a lot of people are sleep deprived who are taking a test to some degree. [Yoni Donner]: Well so, first of all, you can never know. You can know if you ask every single person and if you believe all their answers, but that’s definitely not the case in an internet-based testing environment. Coffee definitely seems to have a real effect in aggregate. It is not huge. I think it is the order of magnitude or time of day variations and then, of course, this is correlation that most people would consume coffee at this specific time of day. So these are confounded. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right. A lot of people have it in the morning and, as you were saying, a lot of people, because of the time, that’s when they’re going to be performing better. [Yoni Donner]: But we are now actually doing – this is happening this last week and this week. There’s a collaborator at Harvard who’s doing an in lab coffee study with Quantified Mind. So we’ve done a million coffee studies, but this is probably the most rigorous one. So, they actually bring everyone to the lab and they randomize them. They don’t tell them what coffee they are getting, and they did the practice before and they have a crossover design. So hopefully we’ll see something. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Great. So when these studies are published, you list them on the site or you put references somewhere? [Yoni Donner]: I would.I don’t think anything has been published in a journal yet because all of this stuff is fairly new in academic publishing takes years and years. There have been things I didn’t list that have been published informally. Like a student did a project and submitted it, and it was approved and they have a PDF somewhere. I guess I should look into putting some more of those. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Great. So are there other tactics that you seen, whether it’s the number of hours slept or anything else that you’ve seen, that people could think about testing? If you had a priority list of tests worthwhile doing for people, experiments to see if it helps improve their cognitive capacities a bit, which ones would you list? If you were starting from scratch, which would be the top five you would start with having seen what you’ve seen that might have some potential uplift? [Yoni Donner]: Right. I think this should be very individualized and people should start with their biggest suspect for, not what might make them better, but rather what might make them worse because these things have a much larger effect in practice. For example, someone who is good and sensitive would see a much stronger decline by consuming fruit than someone who just takes pure [check 46:28] to try to be a little bit better. So, in general, effects of improving over the healthy well functioning baseline are much smaller than effects of fixing something that’s broken. I guess a lot of people do have somethings that they are sensitive to or that are broken in some weak sense. Like someone who is chronically sleep deprived, you could say that something is broken in their lifestyle. And of course, this is not a moral judgement, but it just says that they might be able to see a larger improvement by fixing this and if they know that there is something they suspect. If someone suspects all kinds of food sensitivities, or even allergies, pathogens, anything that they feel hurts them, it will be useful to try to test exactly what it is using factorial designs and cognitive testing to fix this. The other thing, I find it cool that a lot people are using this to really track their aging process. So this takes a lot of discipline to repeatedly take a test once a month, for example, for years and years. But this is admirable when people are doing this and it can maybe give you serious suggestions to when your brain is no longer that of a very young person and you should start taking more care of yourself because when you’re young you can get away with much more. So that seems also useful. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: And I think sleep’s one of the ones that most people are guilty of. I’ve been guilty of it for a very long time. Especially driven workaholic type people. We just don’t want to sleep. Have you seen any number of hours? A lot of those tests as you for the – well the standard ones I’ve been doing ask you for the number of hours you slept the night before. I’ve certainly noticed straight away – for instance, today, because I slept six and a half hours, it was lower. So for me, that’s low. Normally, I’m seven and a half hours. Have you noticed anything in terms of the number of hours slept that you see some dips and dives or anything? [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. So again, there is not that much data, and again, I don’t look into people’s data. So this is only people who ask me to look at their data and conversations with that and so on, which filters a lot. But the most interesting result I can remember is that it seemed we actually did see a skip one day effect where the strongest effect would be with a delta of one day. Which was also interesting because one person also shared their result with me that suggested that it was the same with drug use. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: So you’re saying there’s a lag effect,so it hits you the day after? [Yoni Donner]: Yes. It’s a lag effect, yeah. It seems to be and it’s hard to say if it’s exactly two days, but it seems that the effect, when skipping a day, was stronger than the next. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Okay. Of course I have to ask you about Nootropics because it’s one of the biggest topics right now. You mentioned Piracetam and of course it is many others. Have you got any anecdotal effects? Anecdotally have you gotten any information from it all about people taking Nootropics and getting any benefits based on the test results? [Yoni Donner]: Yeah, a little bit. So people seem to like Modafinil, which is a strong one. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: It is, yeah. [Yoni Donner]: And you never know. You’ve seen the one where Dave goes on Nightline and talks about Modafinil? Yeah. That was quite a while ago, right? [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. So there’s like a minute there when they talk about Quantified Mind and the experiment he was doing. So I trust him when he says he got a strong result. But of course, one should always be careful. For example, here’s a study design that I don’t like. You take Modafinil.You do cognitive testing, you get your scores. Then you stop taking Modafinal for a week and get back on it and you see that your scores during that week were much worse. This is controlling for practice so that’s fine. But the problem here is that you might as well just show that you became addicted to Modafinil. You don’t actually know if this performance on Modafinil is better than what you had before you started. You just know that now it hurts you to get off it. So this, I don’t think they built control for. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right. The other thing is people talk about Modafinil kind of feels like you’re running high speed gear or something and you get a lot done that day. But I wonder if maybe the days after you could pay for it with slightly lower cognitive capacities as in, when you come off of it, you’re basically trying to catch up or something. [Yoni Donner]: Right. This is the borrowing from your future self. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right. Basically, it is that thing you’d have to control for too. [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. It would be great to have some other more controlled study or some more centralized resource of good practices when designing those studies. It is definitely something to look into and might be, and I asked before about, points for improvement for the future. But definitely, self-explanatory limited by the fact that it is complicated and not complicated in an intractable way. But complicated in way which just in practice most people don’t take into account because it takes a lot of experience and thinking about these things. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: You mean to set up a proper experiment? [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. So, for example, the effects you just described are these lag effects and – [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Great. Do you have any future plans to expand the functionality of Quantified Mind? It sounds like there’s quite a few academic projects starting to run with it. [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. So this is great and I got a count quite recently since I put it on some presentation. It was around 30 that are either being done or have been concluded, and they’re either a stage of planning a follow up or writing up or just kept for internal use or something. So I definitely want to figure out what gives researchers the most value and how we can improve that and provide that. I do want to also make users who are not researchers happier, but that’s just a slightly lower priority simply because it has a lower impact on the overall progress of science, which sounds pompous. But I hate saying things like this, but it is in the end about impact and I do think that it will help more in the longer run if we have more general human knowledge about, even individual variations, but the effect of things we just don’t even know right now. And when people just learn something and they are the only ones who gain knowledge, it’s a small impact. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: All right, I understand. If people want to learn more about this, where should someone look first? If they wanted to learn a little bit more about – we’re talking lament terms here. I don’t know if you’d have good references, like presentations or books or anything like that where people could learn more about cognitive, basically, testing and assessment and basically the tests that you have on the Quantified Mind. [Yoni Donner]: That is a great question. You’re right, in predicting that I don’t often think about how to present information in lament terms. We still have the science page on Quantified Mind, which is kind of readable. Maybe even too readable because people might not get enough information. This is a little silly, but there is my thesis which has two entire chapters about this and it’s probably also not very readable. It’s also not published yet. So this science page would be a good place to start and for specific questions, everyone’s always encouraged to write to me and it’s always fun to talk about cognitive testing and so on. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Great. What would be the best ways for people to connect with you? Are you on Twitter – Quantified Mind? Where are you most active? [Yoni Donner]: The contact page on Quantified Mind is a good way. I’m a not a social media person. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Is there anyone besides yourself that you’d recommend to learn more about cognitive testing or running experiments for cognitive testing? [Yoni Donner]: That is a good question. I know some people who are local and you meet them in all kinds of conferences. I don’t know if there’s one resource. Definitely Lumosity is not bad because, even though the main tool is the commercial game product, they actually have a large group of people who are more into the data analysis and resources. They publish all the results in a human readable form as well on their blog, which is a good practice. So that’s nice to look at.There’s the Human Cognition Project which is to give more researchers access to this data and to generate more results. And then, of course, all the papers in science and nature also have popular interpretations. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: All right, great. Thank you for those. Now just a little bit about you and what you’re doing these days. Are you tracking any of your metrics or biomarkers, like blood or cognitive tests or anything, on a routine basis? [Yoni Donner]: Not really. My habits that are I start tracking something when I think there is something to learn. And I insist on not tracking it anymore when I’m not learning anymore. This is nice because sometimes you discover that you can predict. You just know things that you didn’t know before. You know your heart rate. You don’t need to measure it. I’m sure you’ve experienced this after years of doing this stuff. And so it seems to be true for a lot of measurements. I wouldn’t say that I can predict cognitive performance because that has that funny property, which is why we need this. As your brain changes, its ability to predict itself also changes accordingly so that’s why you have these wrong conceptions. So this I would still use, but I want an important question to have when doing this. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right, yeah. It sounds like you basically do little projects on something you’re interested in and then you kind of move on. You’re just saying that basically builds self-awareness by doing these things with each one so you can kind of tell yourself where you’re at also. [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. That’s exactly right. There’s a time cost and there’s an effort cost in tracking anything. So you’ll never track everything so might as well make sure that you track the things that count. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: And what are the biggest changes you’ve made in your behavior over the years with experiments if any? [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. I probably realized that I’m not actually built for short term rewards. All things that normal people call fun I don’t find them fun, and I don’t find them useful. And for my longer term happiness, the things that make me the most satisfied are creating value. Being productive, learning, developing. So with time, I guess I put much more of an emphasis on really building my future self and not so much doing satisfying things in the short term. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Great. Because you find that satisfying as well. [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. So there are two things. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: It sounds like you find – the same way it makes you happy, the same way. [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. And data can help you reach that conclusion in two ways. One is when you do this not very precise. But I try to make those subjective measures as precise as possible by just breaking them down to so many individual categories that can be scored and then getting numbers and doing something. But also just, in the sense that if you are tracking things that matter to you in the short term, and you’re witnessing their anti-correlation with things that are supposed to be short term rewarding as opposed to long term benefits, then this is a good way of actually making change. Because you can’t deny from yourself a change that you can see in the numbers. This was a very abstract thing so I’ll try to get more concrete. If you are tracking your fitness and you noticed that you are not paying that much attention to your stoop [check 57:15}, it goes down. This hurts. If you know I lifted this much weights a few months ago and I can’t reach that anymore, it really sucks and this makes you change some things. And to me those health things, those performance related metrics have a huge impact in making me change behavior. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: All right. So last question. What would be your number question – we ask this of everyone – to someone trying to use data to make better decisions to improve any aspect of their health, performance, or longevity? Just something about themselves. [Yoni Donner]: So there are many aspects of using data. So definitely one of them is make sure that they are collecting the right kind of data, and in a consistent way, which makes for a valid experiment. But also not try to overdo it. I’ve seen so many people just fail because they’ve tried to do too much and got lost in the details or in the process itself. Focus on the highest value thing at a time and do it properly and win, really win, and then move on. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: All right. With the minimal effort, right? [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. Passive tracking is great. Some people do a lot into tracking and getting data, but then don’t do the minimal effort in just learning data analysis. Some people still don’t actually feel that comfortable playing with raw data. I feel it’s worth learning for almost everyone because it’s not that complicated. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Thanks. That’s a great point. And do you got a tip? Where would you start?Would it being using Excel statistical correlation or what would be the first thing someone could try that would add a lot of value? [Yoni Donner]: I think that is not bad. But if you’re at the point where you get weird files from tools then Excel won’t help you with this and you can’t always load giant data into Excel. So, I would suggest try to learn Python OR. These are not so complicated, and they’re extremely powerful. And of course, this day, there are so many tutorials. All of this stuff is very easy with some reasonable effort. But people who can learn to play guitar can also learn to us Python. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right. It seems really, really complicated when you look at programming languages. But I’ve done a bit of programming in my time and I’m not a programmer at all. I’m a business guy. But yeah, it looks much worse than it is. That’s what you’re saying, right? [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. And also, trying to answer a very concrete question about your data is very different than building Gmail or something. You’re not building it. It’s not programming in the sense of building giant tools. It’s really doing something very, very specific. There would be 50 lines of code maybe, if it’s complicated and involves reading files. But you just want to generate your graphs the way you like them. And then throw out some bad data points and maybe combine data sources. It’s very hard to use some general tools that shield you away from programming. And often you get to a level of complexity, which is akin to actual scripting. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Well Yoni, thank you so much for your time today. Really enjoyed talking to you about all of these and setting some of the science straight on what we can’t really look at and decide that it’s going to work or not. So thanks for your time. [Yoni Donner]: Yeah. Thank you! This was great and I admire what you’re doing. So good luck with all of that. Leave a Reply Find A Podcast Search for: Popular Podcasts Topics Friend Damien to Get the Latest The Quantified BodySearch for: Episode 32 – Paul Abramson Quantified Medicine: Working with a Quant-Friendly Physician and Where Self-Tracking Makes Medicine Better Transcript Comments Download Rate This episode is about quantified medicine or the reality of cooperating with your physician using self-tracking and observation. Working with such feedback aims to bring fourth an integrated approach to health and performance. Previously, we have looked at the value of a good physician on your team when looking to improve your health in episode 22 with Bob Troia, and at the potential of wearable measuring devices in episode 24 with Troy Angrignon. Does the Quantified Self approach offer medical benefits? What is the potential of tracking your data and teaming-up with your physician during the healing or performance improving process? What are some simple ways to help yourself optimize yourself? Today’s guest is Dr. Paul Abramson who runs an integrative medicine practice in San Francisco. He earned his medical degree at the University of California in San Francisco (UCFS). Importantly, he also holds a degree from the Center for Integrative Medicine at the University of Arizona. As a member of the Clinical Faculty at UCSF, he is doubly board-certified in Family Medicine and Addiction Medicine. Being a former electrical engineer, Dr. Abramson’s interest in patient self-tracking sprung early in his medical career. In 2007, he founded the My Doctor Medical Group – his medical practice institution offering customized coaching models for individuals. He has adjusted the Quantified Self Approach aiming to gain insight into specifics of patients’ health. He has seen the ups and downs of working with this type of quantifiable feedback. In his practice he cooperates with patients and asks them to be introspective. Given his originality and accumulated experience, Dr. Abramson is an important figure in shifting the paradigm towards personalized medical care and all-important patient involvement. The episode highlights, biomarkers, and links to the apps, devices and labs and everything else mentioned are below. Enjoy the show and let me know what you think in the comments ! What You’ll Learn Dr. Abramson’s interests in integrative medicine (4:04).How Dr. Abramson defines integrative medicine (4:51).The integrative approach means pivoting through the complexity of conventional therapy and the larger sphere around it (07:10).Early on, Dr. Abramson pivoted towards a novel paradigm of patient self-measurement and observation (10:58).Patient compliance is a problem for those who do not wish to continuously self-observe (14:24).Using biomarker wearable meters provides knowledge important for informed behavior modification (16:39). Dr. Abramson’s team places value on introspection and subjective observation of experience (20:02).Patients are expected to self-explore and support their symptoms with subjective observations (22:53).Determining useful metrics in medical practice requires careful deliberation over their reliability (27:14).Simple subjective data on patient experience can be acted upon in complex medical conditions (29:16).Patients with high intrinsic motivation are better-fit for using metrics in medical care (32:28). Dr. Abramson has successfully applied awareness building exercises in individual coaching models (34:15).Mobile apps can be used to track patient data and integrate it in could-sharing services (37:33).The challenges of self-tracking broadly differ between lack of patient motivation and too-narrow hypotheses about undergoing causes (40:13).Success with self-observation depends on developing optimized coaching matching individual patients (42:23).There is less pressure on doctors’ medical authority positions when collaborating with patients in the context of team-care (49:50). The more responsibility patients take, the more they acquaint themselves and the doctor with their health dynamics (52:16).The biomarkers Dr. Abramson tracks on a routine basis to monitor and improve his health, longevity and performance (54:41).Dr.Abramson’s one biggest recommendation on using body data to improve your health, longevity and performance (58:55).Best ways to connect with Dr. Abramson, who is responsive on social media (60:00). Thank Dr. Paul Abramson on Twitter for this interview. Click Here to let him know you enjoyed the show! Dr. Paul Abramson, My Doctor Medical Group Dr. Paul Abramson : Dr. Abramson’s personal biography and CV. My Doctor Medical Group : Founded by Dr. Abramson in an effort to bring personalized medical care and advocacy to San Francisco patients. Quant Doctor : Compilation of Dr. Abramson’s work and observations in the quant-medicine world. Tools & Tactics Diet & Nutrition Autoimmune Protocol Diet : The Autoimmune Protocol (AIP) diet is an elimination diet that works to reduce inflammation in the intestines caused by autoimmune triggers.Tracking Biomarkers Continuous Glucose Monitoring (CGM) : Promises greater accuracy than standard one point in time glucose monitoring by capturing the variance of blood glucose over time (Note: in Episode 22 we saw an experiment showing the detriments of just taking one point in time readings). Blood glucose is continuously recorded at frequent intervals such as 1 or 5 minutes depending on the device used. While not a widely established practice, Dr. Abramson claims that continuously tracking blood sugar levels offers insight into fine-tuning medication and behavior adjustments to optimize patient glucose-levels. It’s early stages, but there are a few Continuous glucose meters (CGMs) on the market. Current devices include the Medtroronic MiniMed 530G , the Dexcom G4 PLATINUM System and the Abbott FreeStyle Navigator II (available in UK only). Blood pressure : Blood pressure is expressed in terms of the systolic (maximum) pressure over diastolic (minimum) pressure and its measure is in millimeters of mercury (mm Hg). Normal resting blood pressure in an adult is approximately 120/80 mm Hg. Among numerous indications, blood pressure is used as a biomarker to determine the risk of stroke and coronary heart disease. Lab Tests, Devices and Apps Zeo Sleep Manager : Zeo was Dr. Abramson’s favorite Sleep Manager (device and app combo) until the company went bankrupt. Zeo tells you how you really sleep, and helps you find ways to improve your sleep. It accurately measures sleep quality and quantity at home. It also discovers factors which harm your sleep cycle. Withings WS-50 Smart Body Analyzer : The Withings company offers devices designed to monitor various aspects of your body. Tracking tools include weight and body composition, pulse, air quality screening, etc. ResMed S-Plus : The company ResMed is focused on healthy sleep. To this end, it offers devices which monitor personal sleep parameters, room air quality, etc. Beddit : The company Beddit offers devices which track sleep using a sensitive force sensor which detect small vibrations caused by your heartbeats, breathing, and movements to provide you with data regarding your sleep. Evernote App : In the context of tracking subjective experiences regarding health, Damien suggests using this app to take notes in a form of a health-diary. Other People, Books & Resources People Dr. Andrew Weil : Founder & Program Director of the Center for Integrative Medicine. Dr. Weil is an influential figure for Dr. Abramson’s interests in integrative medicine and his, overall, career. Organizations Arizona Center for Integrative Medicine : Where Dr. Abramson gained his integrative medicine degree. Share Tweet Mail Share Share Share Share Share Full Interview Transcript So in that vain, I have individual interests and pursuits in those areas, and then I went to work for Andrew Wylie in Tuscon at the University of Arizona in his integrated medicine program there. I was a residential fellow for a year, and we swapped patients there and had case conferences with some of his… (04:51) [Damien Blenkinsopp]: To take a step back, what does integrative medicine mean? Because we haven’t really talked about it on this show before. [Paul Abramson]: Integrative medicine has 100 definitions, and it has been, I would say, used and corrupted by a variety of different people and interests over the years. As I define it, and I think I’m pretty much in line with Andrew Wylie on this, integrative medicine is a way of looking at all of the available approaches, perspectives, tools, tests, treatments that are out there. And then looking at each individual as an individual, and trying to make a match between what’s going on for them and what is the best combination of approaches. So in essence it includes all of conventional medicine and science-based, or whatever you want to call it, conventional medicine, and it includes alternative things. And it includes consciousness based things, and it includes mind and body and it can even include spirituality and things that are unknowable as part of the paradigm by which you try to help people both understand what’s going on for them and come up with a plan of what to do next. So I think it’s completely non-exclusive, and I also apply a very discerning and discriminating kind of eye to it, in that of all the available options out there I’m going to evaluate each one on how useful do I think this is?And there are some things that do not need my sniff test, or my deep investigation that I do not… And once I’ve determined that I’m not really interested in something, or I don’t think it’s going to be fruitful for me as one of my tools, I leave it to the side. So I do weed things out. It is not an indiscriminate approach of ‘all is good’. It is more like, I’m going to start with an open mind and then apply appropriate skepticism and investigation to choose what tools I think are going to be helpful. And they may vary depending on the individual. So I do not apply a one-size-fits-all approach to anybody. There’s no one test or one treatment that I think is applicable to everybody. Nor is there one paradigm that I think is applicable to everybody. So, for some people that is dis-concerning. (07:10) [Damien Blenkinsopp]: So in integrative medicine, is there an actual organization behind that, or is it more a term used for people who are dabbling in functional medicine, the alternative, and the… [Paul Abramson]: Well, there is now a board certification in integrative medicine for medical doctors. There is a consortium of academic centers in integrative medicine that includes many of the big tertiary care centers in the United States that have integrative medicine centers and research programs. And I think a lot of that comes into this kind of definition, where it’s consistent with the conventional medical world and a much larger sphere around it. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: The functional medicine has an organization behind it, so does integrative medicine tend to relate to that more because there’s a big organization behind it? Versus some of the other things you were talking [about], which I imagine don’t have as much structure to them. [Paul Abramson]: Well integrative medicine ultimately is, I think, integrated, meaning it’s not an either-or proposition. It’s, ‘whatever works’. Whereas some of the other things out there are more alternative. Where it’s more of an ‘us versus them’ kind of situation, where we have a certain truth and those other people, especially either the conventional people or the alternative people, are biased, wrong, or otherwise not reputable in some way, and therefore you should pay attention to our perspective. That is not, to me, integrative. But I think the conventional medical world falls into that trap, and I think the functional and alternative medicine world falls into that trap. Equally. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: It’s kind of like Republicans and Democrats. [Paul Abramson]: It’s kind of like Republicans and Democrats. And in reality I would say my flavor of integrative medicine, or what I consider, is it’s not exclusive in that way. It’s like of all the things out there, some of them are valid, some of them are not, some of them work for some people, some of them don’t work for some people. And you just have to be creative, and you have to be discerning and discriminating enough to not get overwhelmed by the complexity. You have to be able to take this, in essence, if you are not ready for tolerating ambiguity and dealing with massive complexity, then it’s easier to track into something that is simpler, where it’s more clear cut and there is right and wrong. Whereas if you want to take the big picture, you have to help people weed through all of this complexity to come up with a relatively normal, simple approach that is going to work for them. And then you have to be willing to measure and then accept if it is not working out you’re going to back up and take another set of things and take another approach. Then in the start-up technology world out here they call it pivoting, where you do something, you go full worth at it, and then you try it to the best of your ability, but you have to be constantly measuring your success. And if it’s not working out, you have to get over your ego and your attachment, and you have to back up and re-think and pivot, and keep moving. Yeah, that is the [unclear 10:10] approach to medicine that I can think of. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: That’s a very interesting point because – and you’ll know better than me – people when it comes to health, fitness, these diets, and these types of areas, they get very, very emotional about it. They tend to become fans of a certain approach rather than another. I guess pivoting is, I understand because I’m an entrepreneur. My first company, I didn’t want to let go of it. I didn’t want to change it at first, until the pain in terms of profit loss got enough that I was like, “Okay, I have to be serious.” And I was taught to be able to pivot and make decisions based on data. So I guess that probably happens a little bit in the medicine world as well.People eventually get to this point of pain, where they’ve been following some course because of interest, of love, and then they go, “Okay I have to try and get some kind of data.” (10:58) Now, we first met, albeit kind of briefly because you were doing a talk, at the Quantified Self conference in 2013 – end of 2013 I think it was. And so that’s also one of the things you’ve dabbled in a bit in you integrative medicine. Could you talk a little bit about why you started taking an interest in that and have made that a part of your practice? [Paul Abramson]: Well I think it does come back to what we were just talking about. You have to gather data about what’s going on for each individual to decide, is this working, is this not working. Or, are there things happening that are not good, that should trigger us, like your losses in your start-up. The earlier you can detect and decide that things are not going to go down the right path, you should pivot. And yet if you’re not sure, you might continue to go on for a while and take more measurements. But you have to be constantly… And so I was struggling in medicine with a lack of feedback on my patients. We were meeting and setting a treatment plan in place, and they were going off to do it. And I just was not getting enough feedback to know whether it was working, whether it needed to be adjusted, or whether we needed to completely pivot and try something else. And so the promise with the Quantified Self approach is that it’s not so much that there is a new sensor or a new test that is interesting to me, but it’s a new paradigm, it’s a new concept that people are going to observe themselves, and then perhaps feed that back into a medical doctor or some other practitioner or some helper that they have, a coach. But many people just decide to do it for themselves, where they’re moving along with a plan, and they’re measuring, and they’re questioning, and they’re constantly just trying to decide,” Do I keep going, do I add, do I subtract, or do I pivot?” And I started doing these kinds of experiments with people where you can then take all of human behavior and make it an experimental approach, where, instead of saying, “You have to take this medication for your high blood pressure forever.” People hate that. What I do is I say, “Wow. You’re blood pressure is really high. We’ve measured it over a whole month and it’s always really high. We know that’s going to wear out your blood vessels, and your kidneys, and your brain, and it ages you faster to have high blood pressure all the time. So, why don’t we lower it? And then, why don’t we start doing some experiments to see if we can find the cause, or reverse the cause, or come up with other approaches that are more agreeable to you, if you’re not really into taking pharmaceuticals every day.” Which many people aren’t. And at such time as those thing start working, we can think about revisiting. I just say, while we’re doing those experiments, let’s limit the damage. And people respond much better to that. Instead of saying, “Oh, I’m just going to keep the high blood pressure going, and then in six months I will have lost 40 pounds.” Maybe that happens, maybe it doesn’t happen. Maybe they lost 40 pounds and their blood pressure is still through the roof high. It’s a realistic approach that takes measurement into account, but also addresses what’s going on right now. And the tools we have from Quantified Self, some of the technology but more the paradigm of self measurement and observation, gives us some hope that the culture could shift into that kind of approach. (14:24)[Damien Blenkinsopp]: It’s interesting in a kind of work relationship. How does it change the work relationship between you and the patient when you introduce this? Do you work out some specific metrics with them, or is it really very different? Have you seen this evolve in your practice? Because you’ve been doing this for a few years now, so I’m sure you’ve cut some things that didn’t work, and taken some things that did tend to work, and you’ve kind of got some type of best practice that you’re starting to put in place. [Paul Abramson]: Well, it’s been humbling. People are very different. They’re different in their background, they’re different in their medical and psychological situation, they’re different in their social circumstances and their family, and what the support is in their life to do things. And so some people actually just want me to say, “This is what you’ve got, this is what you have to do,” and to prescribe to them. And they go home and they take their drugs. And we limit the damage, as best we know how with modern medicine, and sometimes that works out, and sometimes that doesn’t. But they don’t have time or interest or, even maybe the perspective, to take a different kind of, more proactive approach. And for those people, after I challenge it a little bit and determine that it is in fact how they want to be.[Damien Blenkinsopp]: That’s interesting. Are they not interested enough in their health to, or is it because they’re so busy with other things in life? What is the [reason]? [Paul Abramson]: For whatever reason, they are not in a position where they want to do something that takes more work. What really sort of takes up more subjective view of reality, like there is a way. There are many choices out there, it’s not really black and white. Some people really want the black and white. It’s easier for them psychologically, and it’s sometimes they’re just so busy, they’re like, “No way I’m going to have time to do experiments, or even to take my blood pressure twice a week.” We’re just going to have to go without that. Especially diabetics. A lot of them just can’t check their blood sugar. Type 2 Diabetes, you know, it’s not really medically mandatory in many conventional settings for them to check their blood sugar at all time. You just take the medications and get some blood tests every few months and see how things are going. That’s very unsatisfying for an engineer like myself. I really would want data and feedback and optimizing. But many people are really not into that. It’s either a cultural thing, or just a logistical thing. They just aren’t going to do that. (16:39) [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Just out of interest, have you looked at the continuous glucose monitors? [Paul Abramson]: Oh yes. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Have you been using those quite a bit? Or have found them useful? [Paul Abramson]: Well, I mean they are generally able to be covered by insurance. They’re very expensive. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah, about a 1,000-1,500 dollars, something around there. [Paul Abramson]: The supplies are also very expensive. Each and every week you need a new implanted sensor that could be hundreds of dollars. So, it can really add up in a hurry per month and the initial costs. Such that many people aren’t going to do that. Now if you’re a Type 1 Diabetic from a young age or even an older age where you have no insulin around, and insulin pumps are in the offing, then often they can be covered. But for Type 2 Diabetics it’s usually a completely out-of-pocket expense. And what I’ve found is that there are often incredibly great insights that one obtains from the continuous glucose model, but only some people get on-going benefit. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: What kind of [insights]? Does it enable you to take some specific actions when you see some kind of behavior that they’re undertaking which is interfering with your goals, or…? [Paul Abramson]: I’m not really offering generally to watch their data continuously. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah. [Paul Abramson]: What we are doing is having them get self-feedback, and then take notes in one way – electronic or paper – of their experiences with that data from the glucose monitor. Because you have to calibrate them with a finger stick multiple times per day, and you have to use it properly to try to get valid data. And then you get to see in real time if you eat something, or if you exercise, you get very quick feedback about how it affects your blood sugar, both immediately and later. And so you can get pretty profound insights about that, and they are sometimes very unexpected. That some things lower your blood sugar and some things raise your blood sugar, and they don’t match what the conventional wisdom says should happen. And then somethings people just have to get it in their face that, “Wow, if I exercise my blood sugar really is so much better.” It’s motivating enough that it’s going to make them exercise more. But a lot of people, after they get those insights, if they’re Type 2 Diabetic, they can simply just use those wisdoms to change their behavior, and they don’t have to go through the hassle of calibrating and wearing an implanted monitor that has something go into their skin changed every week and calibrated several times a day. A lot of people don’t really want to do that on-going. So then when you look at the up-front expense for something that they’re only going to use for a relatively limited period of time in most cases – because most people are not going to want to be doing that level of hassle if it’s not required because they’re not Type 1 Diabetic – a lot of people chose not to do the continuous model. Maybe when we get the truly non-invasive blood-glucose sensor that is both accurate and possible. When I was an electrical engineering grad student at Stanford in the early 1990s, I was doing consulting for start-ups. Before there was the first technology, the first internet tech. And I worked for a couple of different start-ups that were trying to get non-invasive blood glucose monitors, where they would shine a light through you, or they would use ultra-sonic. They would use various technologies to try to get, from the outside, your blood sugar.And the problem is glucose is such a small molecule, and so hard to differentiate from other molecules that really a lot of companies went belly-up back then, and they are still failing today. (20:02)[Damien Blenkinsopp]: I think there’s a couple of watches. I’ve seen them around. I haven’t looked into them. I was concerned about the accuracy. I guess I’m a bit dubious about [them]. Because even the continuous glucose monitor, which you were just saying you have to calibrate it, right? And it’s got something actually implanted in you. So the accuracy of a watch with optical – I think they’re using optical – would seem kind of not achievable at this point. [Paul Abramson]: This is the exact technology that they were trying to come up with in the start-up in 1992. And it ultimately did not kind of work out. And I think that at some point someone is probably going to do it, but to my knowledge it has not yet been done in a valid enough way that you could actually take action on the results. But maybe there is something that I don’t know about that came out this year, and I will continuously watch that Weiner Chart. [unclear, 29:48-] at that, somewhere about 15 years ago after watching failure and failure. So, I would just say that the measurement technology concept is something that you need to be very skeptical about, because if you’re going to take bold action based on the numbers, it better be accurate and reliable and reproducible and usable. So that is an on-going concern for me. Now, more subjective measures, what we really came to in our self-tracking program here, one, is that we don’t apply a similar methodology to anybody. Everybody kind of gets a custom approach based on where they are in their readiness to do things, and what problem they want to solve. But we’ve also really heavily weighted it toward, what I would call, subjective measures that require them to actually stop and pay attention to what’s going on in their experience. Because the objective measures that don’t take any [action], the passive tracking approach where I wear a monitor and it spews data out at gigabytes per minute, it does not require awareness and it doesn’t require self-knowledge. The learning is later when you look at the data. Whereas if you aim to gather the data, if you have to introspect and think and become more aware of what’s going on about your pain level, or whatever your symptoms are, or your emotional state, or in any way something that you have to pay attention to measure – because we don’t have a measurement for headache except by your self-report – the data gathering itself becomes a therapeutic tool. The act of tracking is part of the treatment in that they become much more aware of what is actually going on for them, so that when we start trying to change things or treat or affect things in a positive way, they actually have more basis on which to do that, and we can identify more potential targets for more interventions. (22:53)[Damien Blenkinsopp]: So you think basically building their awareness so that you can create that feedback is one of the most important parts of it? [Paul Abramson]: For us, it is. And I’m a behaviorist at heart. I like to have people try things overtime, and to see whether building new tracks and new behaviors in their brain can affect their body and their experience and their entire reality. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: So do you then find that patients are able to come to you with insights more so than before? Because all traditional [unclear audio cut, 23:25]. I have some mystery problem. I’m coming to a doctor, and the first thing to do is talk about my symptoms. Go for a questionnaire, try and figure out what’s going on. Do you find that sometimes that first picture, say compared to a second picture when you’ve had them self-tracking something you thought was relevant, could be quite different? Because it is a subjective experience, and they learn to improve their self-awareness and have a better hold of what’s going on. And maybe, do they sometimes come up with some insights like, “It’s funny. I’ve noticed that every time I do this, then I get these symptoms.” [Paul Abramson]: Right. Well people often come to their doctor – and that’s my frame of reference, because I’m a medical doctor and people come to me – they come with symptoms, but they also come with conclusions. And they might be already having diagnosed themselves, or they might just have made some assumptions or conclusions about why they’re having the experience that they’re having. And I think the self-tracking paradigm encourages them to back up to the raw symptoms, and also the circumstances that they find themselves in. You know, looking broadly at what are their circumstances and what are their symptoms in as concrete a fashion as possible. And not making any assumptions. And then we make some hypothesis. But we frame them as hypothesis and not conclusions, and that gets them into an exploratory mode.Whereas if someone comes to me and says, “I have a urinary tract infection.” And I am a [unclear, 24:50] and I have eight minutes, I will prescribe ciprofloxacin to them for the urinary tract infection, and they will go away. Especially if they say, “Oh I’ve had them many times and I know what they’re like.” That is not my style of medicine. I’m going to say, “Well what are you actually feeling?” And they’re going to say, “Oh, I have burning when I urinate” or “I have fevers” or “I have back pain” or whatever. It’s very likely in someone coming to the doctor that they are correct, in that circumstance, but sometimes they’re not. Sometimes they have a yeast infection and it’s not a bladder infection, and giving them antibiotics makes it worse. So I think you should always back up. But then especially if it’s something vexing, they have probably been trying to figure out and fix it on their own for some time. Weeks, months, years, decades sometimes. So if it were something, if their conclusions were correct – not their diagnosis, but their assumptions and conclusions – I believe they would have figured it out, and they never would have met me. So therefore, the fact that they are coming to me with the time and expense and the hassle of going to a doctor, it’s very intimidating for some people, it means they are probably ready for a pivot. It’s a sign that it is probably time to take a different approach. So if I can get people to back up and look at the raw data, the raw symptoms, and then we can look at all the possibilities and start to make some hypothesis. And some of the hypothesis might be the conclusions they have drawn, but they have to be willing to have some flexibility about looking at other options. Otherwise, I might be a poor match for them. If they just want someone to take their conclusions and follow their line of thought, then my view is, okay, they either don’t need me at all, or they only need me because I – in California – can order laboratory tests for them. Or I can order medications for them that they can not legally order on their own. So in essence I am just a proxy for them having gone through the license pathway that I’ve gone through, and I’m not really functioning as a physician as I define it. And so I try to resist getting involved in just being a tool that they can wield, and I try to work with people who actually want to back up and really take a look at what is going on. (27:14)[Damien Blenkinsopp]: So what kind of metrics have you typically found to be useful? You said the qualitative. Are these ratings from one to 10 for symptoms? What kind of things have you found that are useful? [Paul Abramson]: A wide variety of things. With each metric we have a discussion about what is the, what are we going to track? Let’s say for a headache, are we going to track mild, moderate, severe? Are we going to track zero to four? Actually, the numbers and bins of data collection that you define dramatically affect the results of your tracking. You have to all agree on what each bin means. What does three stars mean? It can vary widely over many people, and that makes it useless. And then they have to have written down what each metric means so that they can apply it as consistently as possible over time. Because if they drift in what a headache of three means, then their data is going to be very hard to use. So, we try to apply this sort of N of 1 controls as best we can to define things clearly, to re-visit them, to keep people calibrated. And then try to figure out is it a negative two to two scale, or is it a zero-four scale that’s going to be helpful. And try to make it as simple as possible so that people can actually do it in real life. Sometimes you have to use subjective narrative data, and that’s why we’ve taken a coaching model rather than a computer analysis model. Because the most interesting things sometimes are the things that they write. Their observations about the process, or about the data. It could be a picture of something, it could just be a description of how they were feeling at the time that they had the high-blood pressure. That’s actually much more interesting. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: So is that like a journal alongside whatever you’re tracking? [Paul Abramson]: Yeah. And it could be an electronic journal, or a paper journal. My challenge with technology tools is they have to beat paper. If they do not win over paper, then you have to question why you’re using technology. (29:16) [Damien Blenkinsopp]: It’s interesting that you’ve brought that up, because I struggle with my own problem, just figuring it out, and what kind of first worked for me was using EverNote as a journal. [Paul Abramson]: Sure. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Just as kind of like a diary every day, one note for every day in a folder which was called ‘Health Diary.’ And then also tracking some metrics. And like, “Oh, that’s interesting. I wrote– “ [Paul Abramson]: Paper apps. It’s almost paper.[Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right. Yeah. And it’s easy to search. I mean, that’s why it’s nice, because if you have some kind of hypothesis in your head, you can select that folder and you can search for that keyword, and you’re like, “Oh, look. It happened on four days, and maybe it coincides with the metric.” [Paul Abramson]: Sure. And that’s what I would call primitive technology like paper. And sometimes it is the best approach, because something much more complicated will keep you from gathering the data, because it’s too cumbersome. It’s very hard to apply machine learning and machine interpretation of data because the raw numbers rarely have the meaningful insights. And our basic model, we’ve gotten more flexible about exactly how we implement it. Initially, we were doing a weekly coaching model, where people would track, the data would be shared with a coach who would meet with them – in person or virtually – every week to review their data and basically elicit their memories of what happened that week that they had not taken down as part of the data. So they would use the pictures or numbers or whatever they had tracked. People remember a week. Most people. Whereas if you go back a month, people do not remember the moment to moment experience they were having. Which is probably why psychotherapy is typically a weekly model, because you don’t have to reinvent the wheel every time, you can build on the previous week because you remember. And so the coaching model would allow people to tell the story around the data, and then the coach would concisely record the story and plug it into the project, or the experiment that we were running, and try to write down the story and the insights that could be taken. And then the insights and the summary of the story could be fed back to me, the physician, where very quickly I could think about it and apply my perhaps greater perspective or set of ideas, and make suggestions. And so it became very time efficient for me. Rather than me going through the data for an hour every week, I can go through the coach’s notes for a few minutes and be almost as effective. And in some cases much more effective than I could be trying to be the coach myself. The raw data was almost never the actionable. Now, that’s not always true. If we’re just doing a very simple tracking experiment where your blood pressure is 220 over 120, and we want it to get lower very quickly, and we’re going to track what you’re doing and what medications you’re taking, and how often you’re taking it, and track your blood pressure. There you actually do have a much more concrete, discrete kind of experiment that you could apply some sort of automation to. But that’s not typically why people are coming to me. Most people are coming with much more complicated and murky problems where subjective data is really the actionable data. (32:28) [Damien Blenkinsopp]: If we’re talking about the situations where you’ve found this most useful, is it it the more mysterious, people haven’t been able to figure out any[thing], the complex, multi-factorial potentially. But as you mentioned, is there also something on the very hard side, nearly technical, where you have a blood pressure marker and it’s a very focused metric, that you are like, “We have to get that down.” From doctor’s experience and everything, this is the thing we need to focus on. So you know ahead of time what you want to focus on. Are those the kind of two situations, or are there other situations where… [Paul Abramson]: I would say it’s a whole spectrum, but the key factor is that if the tracking based on insights and memory and subjective recall are round objective data that you’re gathering is by it’s nature very labor intensive. Like this process, to really do a meaningful tracking experiment, is labor intensive and costly in various ways. You have to hire help, you have to spend a lot of time, you have to think about it. You have to be involved in the process, and for that reason, that typically is applied to problems that are either very urgent or long-term vexing for people. They tend to be more complicated because they are at the end of their rope, and they need help, and they are ready to do anything just to figure this out. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right. [Paul Abramson]: And that’s a wonderful situation to be in. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: For a doctor, yeah. Compliance. [Paul Abramson]: Their intrinsic motivation is very high. The outcomes tend to be good in anyone who comes to a doctor with high intrinsic motivation to do whatever it takes. And we do select in our practice for people with that description. So our outcomes are phenomenal, but part of that is selecting some people who are ready to do whatever it takes to figure this out. (34:15) So the other area other than complex medical mysteries that we’ve applied this to, well there are several areas.One, our awareness building exercises, where about half of our practice is also a complex addiction treatment practice for high-functioning professionals. And some very intelligent people, many of them in the tech industry, who have what I would consider very mundane addiction problem. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Is this like caffeine, or are we talking more… [Paul Abramson]: Alcohol, cocaine, prescription opiates. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Okay. Is this quite common now? Because we all hear bout the performance culture, and everyone– [Paul Abramson]: It is incredibly common now. It has always been incredibly common, and yet it continues to be incredibly common. And the more fast and stressful and complex society gets, as we’re currently going through a little boom here in San Francisco, I would say it increases. And the number of people who go out of control increases, where it gets beyond the place where they can self manage, and they seek professional help. So we are often trying to get people to do very basic tracking [endeavors]. Whether it’s their internal mood state, or their discomfort level, or interactions they’re having with other people. Or whatever triggers they encounter that trigger them to want to self-soothe or improve their performance by taking their substance or alcohol of interest. And it’s a very simple tracking model aimed at getting them to be more aware, so that they can then have more decision over their reality. The other one is, like the blood pressure example. Where we are trying to achieve, or what’s been going on forever, is the diabetes blood sugar tracking model. Physicians have been asking people to track their blood sugars for a long time now, and it’s actually very useful. The last realm, I would say, is in the performance improvement category. People who are okay but they want to be better, or they want to achieve a certain goal, whether that is in their body composition or it’s in performance at a triathlon, or it is in their work performance and their attention and their ability to accomplish things. It’s more of a positive desire to improve by tracking and feeding that. That’s very motivating for me, and yet it is hard to find the people who want to do the self-tracking approach to that, because it’s pretty labor intensive and these tend to be busy people. So if you’re an Olympic athlete and you have a whole team of people geared up at measuring you, at feeding back and changing your performance and changing what you do, and you have all that support around it, I think people can pull it off, if they’re a competitive high-level professional athlete. For the regular person without that support team, we have had some challenges trying to construct a model that is both affordable and does not require an NFL team support staff to accomplish, and also doable by people who are also leading lives and not full time training. That’s an on-going exploratory area for us, and trying to find what is a model, in a manageable way. (37:33) [Damien Blenkinsopp]: In terms of any tools you use, just kind of talking practicalities here, are you just asking people to use a little mobile phone app and put down a note in that, or is it sometimes Excel, or is it basically whatever they need, you’re like, “What would you find easiest to track this metric that I want you to look at.” [Paul Abramson]: We have been using the mobile phone app that we’ve been working with a developer on called MyMe, which I have been on record has having mentioned over the years, which is a very simple way to just set arbitrary buttons up for whatever they want to track. And set whatever ranges of metrics you want to track, take pictures, etc. and then collate it on a central server where they account is owned by the individual, not by me, but then they choose to share their data with the coach or with me during the sessions. Otherwise they hold they data and own the data, and we just keep in our files our observations of the sessions with them while looking at the data. And so that keeps it simple from a privacy standpoint and from a daily curation standpoint. And it’s worked fairly well. We also, if they don’t like that tool or if they have different things they want to measure, we will take a whatever-works approach and try to get them to use other tools, most of which are not geared towards this. Most of them are geared towards other applications, most of the existing tools. Amazingly, there isn’t a good, flexible generic tool that’s consumer available, where you can also involve a team. And maybe there is. Now, when you can share the data but it’s also designed at helping analyze things and helping collate and curate data. And so MyMe is working on that. It’s not yet available to consumers, it’s just sort of for clinicians and doctors and people who are working with people who are self-tracking. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: So there are other people like you working with MyMe? [Paul Abramson]: Yeah.[Damien Blenkinsopp]: Okay. Alright. All this stuff we put in the show notes. [Paul Abramson]: Then there’s various companies that have tracking devices, and each one has their own cloud where they track the data from their own devices, and some of them will integrate data from other devices apps. And it’s coming together in some ways that I think might be good, but it’s been so slow to develop that I’m frustrated. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah. I used to be a telecoms consultant, and I worked in the interactive television market in the UK, which was one of the first markets in the world, and they had this walled-garden approach to it. And we were all talking about the open, like you have to open it up. And it took nearly a decade to happen properly. And it’s always the same, except for the internet, luckily, which was pretty much open to start with. (40:13) So, that’s great. What are the biggest challenges you’ve come across in trying to make self-tracking work? Have you had any failed, like – I don’t know how to put it – have you had failed self-tracking projects, where you’ve just been like, “Okay, after six months of tracking let’s just ditch this?” [Paul Abramson]: Basically, they fall into two camps. One is where the self-tracking paradigm is too much work or isn’t intrinsically rewarding enough for the person to keep them going. Where the time and expense and hassle and all that isn’t worth it, and they drop out once they just get frustrated, or don’t continue. The other is that their hypotheses are too narrow. The hypotheses they are willing to consider are too narrow. And we explore those deeply and broadly and do not find the answer in that narrow set of hypotheses, and they tire of doing the project, because it seems hopeless. Whereas, I actually believe that there is always a way, but it may not be a way forward that people expect or desire. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: So it’s basically like a process of elimination with one experiment, another experiment? [Paul Abramson]: Well if the only hypothesis is that some food is causing my symptoms, and we just need to find what food, combination of foods, or other environmental physical inputs, are causing my symptoms. And once we really convincingly do out that experiment, either they are willing to do the experiments, one, and the answer is not food – we believe that for a while. Or they are unwilling to do some of the experiments because they are too attached to certain things. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: I love coffee. [Paul Abramson]: Or marijuana, or [unclear 41:55]. Unwilling to give up certain things. But we look at everything else, and everybody gets tired. Those are the places where actually there’s a different paradigm that we need to apply. We need to do a pivot, but they don’t want to pivot. And then you run into a dead-end in the start-up of events, or start-up company ends, ceases to be. And everybody goes off to do other things, and that is sometimes what happens. (42:23) [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Great. And you referred to earlier that you had a lot of success with this. Could you share some of the success stories you’ve had? Has this improved your practice, would you say immensely, a bit? [Paul Abramson]: I would say it has improved it measurably, but not immensely. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Immensely is a big word. [Paul Abramson]: We are still working on optimal paradigms, to make the paradigm match the individual, and to try to bring it into a combination of energy and time and price that can match anybody. And we have not yet figured all that out. So that’s why it’s not immeasurably. If we can apply these kind of concepts to every patient, and successfully because we can custom make it for each individual than it would be game changing. And that’s what we’re aiming for. So I say this, successes are where either there is a simple answer, or a complex simple answer. It’s too complex for them to have figured out by introspection and their own tracking, but with some professional help we can get to that slightly more complicated insight that allows a dietary change or experiment or supplements or changes in their medications, or some other intervention to suddenly work. And then sometimes the tracking helps them to implement that intervention. If it’s a food change, sometimes that takes a lot of time to change habits, behaviors, and family food production dynamics, etc. And sometimes the self-tracking is very supportive in that. Or, we exhaust one avenue of exploration and it gets them to the place where they are ready to consider other paradigms, where maybe it’s not food, maybe it’s, I don’t know, my relationship with my husband and son. Maybe, as one patient found out, there was some very, very stressful, vexing, and long-standing family dynamics going on at home that clearly, once we got to know them, were contributory to the situation and symptoms. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: What kind of symptoms, just to give people a reading on this?[Paul Abramson]: The common classes of symptoms that people come to that are hard to diagnose are fatigue, pain of various kinds, neuropathic pain or muscular, skeletal pain, and gastrointestinal symptoms. And when those are accompanied by relatively normal tests and investigations from a conventional paradigm, many times they run into roadblocks with the conventional medical world, where they say, “Well you’re normal.” So, you are plunked into a wastebasket diagnosis that doesn’t really describe why, it just describes what is going on in a very descriptive, but not very helpful way. Chronic fatigue syndrome doesn’t, in it’s current form, really help people to move forward, except weight and exercise, and similar things that are not typically very satisfying to people. And when they work, it’s great, but for some people that’s not the whole answer. It could be very inflammatory conditions and rheumatological conditions that do have objective markers that are abnormal that don’t fit into any paradigm. So that I’m tempted to throw heavy drugs at them. And yet they just run into a diagnoses appended by the word NOS, not otherwise specified, meaning it’s not something that the conventional world takes a strong interest in, because they don’t have a discrete category to put it in. And so that is one common class of people where sometimes it is what they think it is, because they have been reading blogs on the internet that say that food is the cause. If you change your food, you can cure anything. That is a common paradigm that you read about on the internet, especially people promoting a certain food paradigm, that basically all mystery illnesses should be treatable with food. Or are from some food trigger, that if you eliminate it or figure it out. Hence the autoimmune protocol diet, which is an extreme elimination diet, or is very specific and very hard to implement, and may help some people, but for most is just, it’s not the end all answer. And so many people come very frustrated and wanting to find [some solution], but they’re still on the food path. And once we kind of figure out that maybe there are other factors involved, even medical or psychological or social or spiritual, we can come up with a more integrative approach that is much more fruitful for them, either to fix their symptoms or to make it so that the symptoms are not as disabling, or that they can do everything they want to do in life because they’re able to mitigate the symptoms and improve their ability to function with those symptoms. Because it’s of my opinion that getting the symptoms to go away, while it is always the goal, sometimes in this world there are mysteries, and being comfortable that sometimes there is a mystery and you have to work with it is the paradigm shift that has to happen. Now, you don’t want to start with that, because ultimately people come to a doctor to get cured. And that’s really the cultural paradigm that we operate in, and I like to acknowledge that, and I like to participate in it, but I also like to continue to try to expand the paradigm to include other things. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: So you’re saying you can improve the situation as well. [Paul Abramson]: Yeah. And sometimes actually taking a more open-minded approach about what could be contributing and working on function rather than cure. Improving function rather than the functional medicine paradigm/vision that underline all illness, there is some root cause that you can discover, and once you discover the root cause, everything will get better. And that is wonderful when it happens, and yet sometimes you have to take a more solution focused and practical approach to, “What do I want to accomplish in my life? How can I get there?” Sometimes that actually causes the symptoms to diminish, even though you never really find out what caused them. So I think it’s helpful to keep an open mind about that, and yet most people in our society come in with a materialist obsession that it must be some biochemical or discoverable, testable thing that is causing my symptoms. And we have to work with that for a while. And either it’s true and we cure them and we’re heroes – I get to be Dr. House every so often where I discover that mystery root cause, and it’s beautiful. But other times we have to take a more practical approach. I think in the psychotherapy world, there’s the Freudian analytic perspective, where you find that one insight from your childhood and then your current problems will get better, or there’s the cognitive behavioral approach where, we’ll let’s just deal with what’s going on now and how you’re going to deal with it, and maybe what happened in the past will sort of take care of itself. And so I think that can be applied to human medicine, or physical medicine, as well. But I always meet people at whatever level of the materialist spectrum their on, and I go there first. Because ultimately, they need to do the experiment for themselves.They cannot take my word for it. (49:50) [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right. It sounds like a very team focused approach to the whole doctoring thing, which isn’t really traditional. It sounds more from the modern world. I mean, we’re seeing team building and team practices in a lot of what we do in the world now, thanks to corporates and so on. Would you say that it’s changed the way you approach the practice, and the way you work with patients? [Paul Abramson]: I think I’ve always taken this approach to working with patients. It’s not new to me. And yet, I think you’re right, in the conventional paradigm, it is hard to find. There’s a lot more words and verbiage around this team approach in the healthcare world now because of the politics going on, but in practice it’s still really hard to find a collaborator, someone who is more focused on doing the process right than on the outcome. And we’re going to really focus on improving the process and changing the process dynamically as we go through working with each individual. That comes from my engineering background in systems engineering and out of control system theory and designing things is that you have to constantly change your approach based on what’s going on. And that takes feedback and communication, and it takes two people who are aligned working together. Now there is a power differential. I have an MD, I wear a stethoscope, there is some value to that role differential. Someone who is looking for help from a professional who, in theory, has maybe some things to offer based on my experience and training and insights. And at the same time I like to also align with whomever I’m working, and work together so that we’re focused on if the process isn’t working. We can talk about that and fix the process. If we get to the answer and the conclusion, we can celebrate together. And if that is vexing and takes longer, or is more difficult to find, well then we can pivot together. Or they can separate from this, and they can move on to other paradigms or other people to work with, and that’s fine too. So there’s less pressure, in a certain sense, on, “I’m going to throw this problem at the doctor and the doctor is going to spit an answer back at me,” because that’s an all-or-nothing kind of proposition. Either it works and you’re happy or, much more likely, it’s not exactly right and somehow there’s been a failure. (52:16) [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Would you say you need the patient to take some responsibility? The example you just gave is basically where they are saying alright, I don’t have responsibilities, just give me the fix. [Paul Abramson]: Well, the more responsibly the patient takes, the better. An extreme example is the patient who does not consult a doctor and just does the [unclear 52:31] on their own. And those people exist. There are many of them. They achieve great results and I never meet them, except at Quantified Self. If you are doing it on your own successfully, then you never meet me as a patient. However, in many cases people get frustrated, or they need new ideas, they need new paradigms, they want to explore with someone who can meet them at their level and have a very, very quick and useful conversation, and then help them to implement. And I have the tools of pharmacology and laboratory testing and other testing, and access to specialists. You know, I have all the medical tools at my disposal, if they are appropriate. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: And the experience. It’s all good doing an n=1 experiment, but if someone has been overseeing hundreds of experiments they learn things from those experiments in themselves, which could be relevant to you case. [Paul Abramson]: I think so, except I’m continuously amazed at how individual people are. Even in problems that are relatively, I would say, conserved among individuals, like alcohol and the human brain. It’s really not that, there are only a few different ways that that tends to manifest on an obvious level, how people relate to alcohol, and yet their individual circumstances and details are unique, which makes every approach unique. And so I say, I have gotten some insights from the self-tracking that apply to others. I think it is hard to take measurable insights and extract it in a medical, steady kind of way. And that’s why I continue to not be afraid of computers taking over my job, because ultimately I think there is a combination of metrics and data, and also presence and attention and experience that work together, and that’s why I think the medical profession has hope. If you can provide presence, and attention, and experience, and knowledge, and then integrate data into that, you can actually be helpful to someone more frequently. And so that’s why I do what I do. (54:41) [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Paul, I also just wanted to find out a little bit about you, and what you do with yourself when it comes to the Quantified Self, or any kind of tracking of metrics or biomarkers.Is there anything that you track for yourself on a routine basis, or you’ve explored, potentially? [Paul Abramson]: Right now I’m tracking sleep, mostly just sleep duration. I think I’ve gotten the insights about sleep quality from various previous tracking endeavors. More as a behavioral thing to try to get myself to lie down more, which is particularly vexing for me. And I’m tracking weight and body composition as I do different dietary experiments. Partly for my own health, and partly just to experiment with different dietary approaches. And, I’ve done many experiments when I have had problems that I wanted to fix, or wanted to understand better. And some of them haven’t been fixable, but I understood them better and that helped me to deal with them. Headaches, and other things that I’ve talked about in the past. So I would say I use my baseline as I’m not doing lots, and lots of time intensive of self-tracking, because I don’t have the time involved. The investment of time and resources is more than my available disposable resources, and the problems aren’t serious enough to warrant giving up other things. But when something important comes up, I start to implement more tracking. (56:03) [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Right, right. So, in terms of the sleep quality you mentioned, what do you use to track that? Because I know sleep is a bit of a tricky area to track. Are you using MyMe today to track your hours, or what are you doing for that? [Paul Abramson]: It all started with the Zeo – rest in peace – which allowed you to get some, albeit not 100 percent accurate, EEG data out of your sleep and sleep stage, and it was very nice. I didn’t mind wearing a headband every night, which some people found objectionable. Now there are better tools, some of which I’ve experimented with, from Withings and ResMed and Beddit, where they’re less invasive tools to track your sleep that don’t require a headband. I think right now I’m using just an app on the phone that lays on the bed and has an alarm built into it and tracks start and end time of sleep. It also records sounds, so if you snore it will give you all the snippets of snoring through the night. It’s just a simple app on the Iphone. I think I use the simplest tool for whatever I’m actually interested in. So right now I just set my alarm, and when it wakes me up I know how much time I was asleep. And I have some subjective notes I take about that, like how was my sleep. And I’ve found that those notes correlate pretty well with reality when I’ve used actual medical sleep tracking devices that you use for sleep studies on myself in the past. I’ve found that Zeo correlated well enough that I could actually use that data. And now I don’t actually need the Zeo even to know what’s going on with my sleep, because I know what it feels like. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: I actually do the same as you, I just track the number of hours I sleep with a little timer on my Iphone. I just click it when I go to sleep, and I click it when I get back up. Out of interest, how many hours do you sleep? What do you consider good or bad? [Paul Abramson]: My personal ideal is 8 hours, almost exactly. 7.9 to 8.1, somewhere in there. And when I get that much… [Damien Blenkinsopp]: You feel better? [Paul Abramson]: Everything improves. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: That’s good. [Paul Abramson]: Both subjective and objective. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: And have you got any little tools that have got you there? Because I’m always at seven. I’m always trying to get to eight but it’s hard. [Paul Abramson]: Right. Well my particular app tracks over the last 14 days what my cumulative sleep deficit is compared to eight hours. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: That sounds scary. [Paul Abramson]: It is. And so when I get up above 10 to 15 hours of sleep debt in two weeks, other people don’t behave as well. I mean, that’s my observation. I’ve found that I’m not performing as well, and it manifests as the external world not cooperating. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: That’s interesting. That’s good, then it goes back to you saying not everything is about food, and sometimes it’s the other psychological or emotional things, which are probably harder to identify. (58:55) What would be your number one recommendation to someone who is trying to use data to make better decisions to improve their health, performance, or longevity, or any aspect of themselves? [Paul Abramson]: I would define a relatively simple goal that actually really matters to you. Either it’s something terrible that you want to fix, or it’s something really juicy and rewarding that you want to achieve, and then set up as simple a self-tracking experiment as you can. Most people cannot pull off complex self-tracking unless they have diagnosable obsessive-compulsive disorder, or some spectrum of that.So you have to just start with simple things that are as easy to track as possible, and some goal that’s really motivating, so you have the best chance of actually doing it, and seeing if this modality, if this type of thing, works for you. Some people find it intolerable, some people find it absolutely fascinating and motivating. And you can always add complexity later. And then if you try, and it’s a great modality for you but you can’t pull it off, you need more accountability or more insight or more help designing experiments, that’s when you involve a coach all the way up through a medical doctor who’s interested in this kind of thing. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Great, great. Thank you for that great recommendation. Totally agree with it. (60:00) So what would be the best ways for people to connect with you? Is it Facebook or your website, or where do people usually [reach you]? Are you active anywhere, or how else would people try to connect with you? [Paul Abramson]: I’m variably active on Twitter, at PaulAbramsonMD. We do have a Facebook page and Google+ page. I’m easily findable on the internet. I usually do respond to social media. If people want to become patients at my documedical group, my practice in downtown San Francisco, they can just call us up and we can describe how it works and how people can come in. I usually don’t work as patients with people that I have not met and examined, for personal and professional reasons. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Yeah, isn’t that a legal requirement in California? [Paul Abramson]: It’s subjective. And yet I find that my intuition and my ability to be helpful to people improves dramatically if I have sat in the room, if I have had sometime in a room with them, and if I have laid my hands on them and examined them. Things work out much better. I have tried both ways, and so I’ve just decided that I’m going to meet with people who can meet with me here in San Francisco. And that does restrict my ability to work with some people. Otherwise, I can have theoretical conversations with people. My time is pretty darn limited in terms of how much banter I can do on social media, but I do my best to be available. (change) [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Excellent. Alright, so we’ll put all of those in the show notes, and your website of course. Is there anywhere else you would suggest people look to learn about Quantified Medicine, for want of a better term. Are there any resources you’ve come across that you found helpful, and might be helpful to people? [Paul Abramson]: Well the Quantified Self movement – it’s really more of a movement than an enterprise – but it holds meet ups all over the world, in many cities, and it also has an annual conference, or semi-annual I think, in the Bay Area. And frequently there’s the one in Europe. So that’s a wonderful community to connect to where there’s an inner sanction of people of all different persuasions. And so you can always find someone who wants to do something similar to you in that community, because it’s a very heterogeneous community. As far as others, there are so many different things going on in medicine around self-tracking. I think the reason Quantified Self appealed to me is that it does not have a strong vested financial motivation or conflicts of interest. And so you can go there and everybody is pretty much there just to be there. There are some people tying to sell things, but they stick out pretty obviously. And it’s very egalitarian and anybody can speak. So I like that, whereas everything else you have to filter through the business model perspective. If you can do that, especially here in the Bay Area and in Western Europe there’s a lot of enterprise going on around this. So it’s more about finding things that speak to you. I don’t have any particular points of focus. [Damien Blenkinsopp]: Great, thanks. Well Paul, thank you so much for your time today. I really appreciate it. It was a great discussion. [Paul Abramson]: You’re very welcome, it’s been great to be here. Leave a Reply Find A Podcast Search for: Popular Podcasts Topics Friend Damien to Get the Latest The Quantified Body Mail Tweet Share Share Share Share Share Share