Privacy Policy Last Updated July 1, 2019 This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how Painted Dog, Inc. d/b/a TheTake (“ TheTake ”, “ we ”, “ us ” or “ our ”) collects, uses and shares your personal information if you interact with TV shows, movies or other video content made “shoppable” by TheTake’s platform (“ Shoppable Platform ”) or visit our website, thetake.ai. At TheTake, we are dedicated to giving television viewers immediate access to the products they discover in the content they love. Our partners that help provide our shoppable experience include creators and distributors of TV shows, movies and other digital content and content distribution platforms like cable and satellite providers, and TV manufacturers (together, “ Shoppable Platform Partners ”), and retailers that offer the products identified by the Shoppable Platform (“ Retail Partners ”). Table of Contents Personal Information We Collect How We Use Your Personal Information How We Share your Personal Information Your Choices Cookies and Similar Technologies Other Important Privacy Information How to Contact Us Personal Information We Collect Information you give us . Personal information you may provide to us through our website, through the Shoppable Platform, or otherwise communicate to us includes: Contact information , such as your name, email address, and phone number. Shoppable Platform information , such as your phone number and details about the products in which you are interested. We collect this information when you request additional details about or links to purchase products featured in TV shows, movies or other video content powered by our Shoppable Platform. Correspondence information , such as information about you that you provide when you request information from us or otherwise correspond with us. Information collected automatically. Our servers and third party service providers may automatically record certain information about how you use our website and the Shoppable Platform, and the computers or devices you use to access our website and the Shoppable Platform, such as your interactions with our Retail Partners’ websites (including the products you browse and purchase), and your Internet Protocol (IP) address, domain name, device and browser type, operating system, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, clickstream data, the pages or features of our website or the Shoppable Platform that you browse and the time you spend on those pages or features, the frequency with which you use our website or the Shoppable Platform, the links that you click on or use and other statistics. We and our service providers collect this information in server logs and by using cookies, web beacons and similar tracking technologies. Information we get from others. Information we receive from third parties includes: Shoppable Platform Partners. If you interact with TV shows, movies or other digital content powered by our Shoppable Platform, our Shoppable Platform Partners provide us with information about that interaction, such as the products you viewed and when you viewed them, as well as information about the content viewed on your device, such as the name of the show, actors and actresses featured in the content, and the times during which you viewed the content. Retail Partners. If you browse or purchase a product from one of our Retail Partners, we may collect or receive information from the Retail Partner about your browsing and purchasing activity, such as the contents of your cart and which product(s) you have purchased. We will add this information to the information we have already collected from you, and handle it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. How We Use Your Personal Information We use your personal information for the following purposes: To operate and improve our website and the Shoppable Platform. We use your personal information to: Provide, operate and improve our website, the Shoppable Platform; Communicate with you about our website and the Shoppable Platform, including by sending you announcements, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages; Understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with our website and the Shoppable Platform; and Respond to your requests, questions and feedback related to our website or the Shoppable Platform. For research and development. We analyze use of our website and the Shoppable Platform to study trends and users’ movements around our website and the Shoppable Platform, gather demographic information about our user base, and develop new products and services. To provide you with targeted content. We may use your information to develop and display content (including advertising) tailored to you and your interests, and to measure the effectiveness of our targeted content campaigns. To send you marketing and promotional communications.We may send you promotions, newsletters or other marketing communications, but you may opt out of receiving them as described in the Opt out of marketing section below. To create anonymous data. We create aggregated and/or de-identified data from our users’ information by removing information that makes the user information personally identifiable. We use this data for our lawful business purposes. For compliance, fraud prevention and safety. We may use your personal information and share it with government officials, law enforcement or private parties, as we believe appropriate: To protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims); To protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity; To comply with applicable laws, lawful requests and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities; and Where permitted by law in connection with a legal investigation. How We Share your Personal Information We may share your information as follows: Affiliates. We may share your personal information with parent companies, subsidiaries and affiliates for use consistent with this Privacy Policy. Service providers. We may share your personal information with third party companies and individuals as needed for them to provide us with services that help us provide our website or the Shoppable Platform, or support our business activities (such as website analytics, email delivery, marketing/advertising, IT providers, technical support, and legal and other professional advice). We authorize these third parties to access your personal information to the extent reasonably necessary for them to provide their services. Shoppable Platform Partners. If you interact with TV shows, movies or other video content powered by our Shoppable Platform, we share analytics (which may be tied to your IP address) and other information, such as whether you purchased a product provided to you through the Shoppable Service, with our Shoppable Platform Partners. Our Shoppable Platform Partners’ processing of this information is governed by their own privacy policies. Retail Partners. If you browse or purchase a product from one of our Retail Partners through the Shoppable Platform, we may share your information with these Retail Partners in order for the partners to offer you certain products, services or promotions. Our Retail Partners’ processing of this information is governed by their own privacy policies. Other business partners. We may share your information with other third party business partners, including through cookies or other tracking technologies. These companies may use information about your use of our website, other websites, and the Shoppable Platform to serve you advertisements about goods and services of interest to you, or for other purposes. Our business partners’ processing of this information is governed by their own privacy policies. With your consent. We may disclose your personal information for any other purpose with your consent. For compliance, fraud prevention and safety. We may share your personal information for the compliance, fraud prevention and safety purposes described above . Business transfers. We may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of our business or assets, including your personal information, in connection with a business deal (or potential business deal) such as a corporate divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, or in the event of bankruptcy or dissolution. Your Choices Opt out of marketing. You may opt out of marketing-related emails or texts by following the unsubscribe instructions in the email or text. You will continue to receive service-related and other non-marketing communications. Cookies and Similar Technologies We may allow service providers and other third parties to use cookies and similar technologies to track your browsing activity over time and across our website, third party websites, and the Shoppable Platform. Some Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit. We currently do not respond to “Do Not Track” or similar signals. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com . Other Important Privacy Information Third party sites and services. Our website or the Shoppable Platform may contain links to other websites and services operated by third parties. These links are not an endorsement of, or representation that we are affiliated with, any third party. We do not control third party websites, applications or services, and are not responsible for their actions. Other websites and services follow different rules regarding their collection, use and sharing of your personal information. We encourage you to read their privacy policies to learn more. Security practices.The security of your personal information is important to us. We employ a number of organizational, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information we collect. However, security risk is inherent in all internet and information technologies and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. International data transfer. Our website and the Shoppable Platform are operated from the United States. Any information we obtain about you in connection with your use of our website or the Shoppable Platform may be processed and stored in, and subject to the laws of, the United States or other countries. Privacy laws in the locations where we process and store your personal information may not be as protective as the privacy laws in your home country. Children. The Sites are not directed at, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from, anyone under the age of 13. Changes to this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post them on our website and indicate the effective date of the change. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you in accordance with applicable law. Your California privacy rights. Under California Civil Code section 1798.83, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of personal information which we share with third parties for those parties’ own marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please contact us as described below. You must put the statement "Your California Privacy Rights" in your request and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information. How to Contact Us If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, you may email us at info@thetake.com , or write to us at: Painted Dog, Inc. d.b.a. TheTake 712 5th Ave, Fl 20 New York, NY 10019 United States