PRIVACY POLICY This Privacy Policy was last updated on January 30, 2023. Table of Contents Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy describes how TIME USA, LLC and its affiliates (“Time,” “we,” or “our”) collect, use, and disclose information when you interact with Time, including via our website ( https://time.com/ ), mobile apps, email newsletters, online subscriptions, other product offerings, and any other services that display this Privacy Policy (collectively referred to as the “Services”). This Privacy Policy also applies to any offline data collection, such as the contact information you provide to create or update your print subscriptions. In this Policy, “personal information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular individual. Individuals from different countries or jurisdictions may have different rights with respect to their personal information. In particular, the European Union Privacy Policy applies to individuals in the European Union, United Kingdom, Switzerland, Norway, Lichtenstein, Iceland, Australia, and New Zealand in lieu of this Privacy Policy. We reserve the ability to limit our response to any request to exercise your rights based on the law that is applicable to you. 1. The Information We Collect Through the Services, you can, among other activities, order publications and products, including print and digital subscriptions and newsletters; sign up for events; engage in various activities including entering contests or sweepstakes, voting in polls or otherwise expressing an opinion or participate in one of our online forums or communities. Some of the information we request from you is required in order for you to use our Services. If you do not wish to provide such information to us, you are not obligated to, but as a result you may not be able to use the particular Service. However, some of the information we request from you is optional. This means that you can elect not to provide it to us and you will still be able to use the Service. If not all the information we request on a form is required, we may identify the required information to you such as by displaying an asterisk (*) next to the field where we request the required information. Information you give us about yourself or others : You give information to us directly when, for example, you register for a subscription or newsletter, purchase a product from us, disclose information in response to a survey, apply for a job, or contact our customer service department. Through some features of the Services and through certain promotions, you can submit information about other people. For example, you might submit a person's name, mailing and/or e-mail address to send a gift or electronic greeting card. The types of personal information that may be collected about other people at these pages include: recipient's name, address, e-mail address and telephone number. Please ensure that you notify the person whose information you are providing to us. Please remember that any information you disclose in any public forum or community areas becomes public information and is immediately accessible to other users, so it is important for you to carefully consider what, if any, information you reveal in these areas. Information we collect automatically : When you interact with our Services, we (and our partners, advertisers, advertising networks and other third party service providers) automatically collect certain information. For example, we collect information about the webpages you view and how you move through our Services, how you reached our Services, how you interact with our social media pages, and how you interact with our email communications. We (and our partners, advertisers, advertising networks and other third party service providers) use cookies and other tracking technologies to obtain information automatically. Cookies are small text files that are placed in your computer or device to store your preferences. Other information you provide to us may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. A cookie assigns a unique numerical identifier to your Web browser or device, and may enable us to recognize you as the same user who has used our Services, and relate your use of the Services to other information about you. Please see our Cookies Policy , which explains our use of cookies and similar technologies in connection with our Services and lists partners and other third parties who collect information from you automatically on our Services.Information from other sources : We obtain information from third party sources, which may include: Third party data suppliers from which we purchase demographic data to supplement the data we collect;Social networks when you reference our Services or grant permission to Time to access your data on one or more of these services;Partners with which we offer co-branded services, sell or distribute our products, or engage in joint marketing activities; andPublicly-available sources such as open government databases or other data in the public domain. The following is a listing of the personal information we collect. Personal Identifiers : Name, phone number, email address, and contact address.Demographic information such as age, gender, and income level.Social media handle and basic account information when you interact with our Services through social media.We collect or create a unique numerical identifier when you use our Services.We collect your credit card number (through a service provider) when you complete a transaction. You have the option to store this information as part of your account. We or external parties operating on our behalf collect information about the device you use to access our Services, such as your IP address, a device ID, and information about your web browser. Commercial Information : When you engage in transactions with us, we create records of goods or services purchased or considered, as well as purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information : We collect information about the websites you came from and to which you are going, ad clicks, search history, and other information regarding your interaction with our websites and applications, such as the duration you stay on a webpage. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information : If you contact us via phone, we may record the call. We will notify you if a call is being recorded at the beginning of the call. We may collect your photographic or video image in limited circumstances, such as when you attend an event hosted by Time. Professional or employment-related information : We collect professional or employment-related information you voluntarily provide. Education information : We collect education information you voluntarily provide. Geolocation Data : We collect your IP address automatically when you use our Services, from which we or external parties operating on our behalf may be able to determine your general location. If you are using our app, with your consent, we or our authorized service providers and partners also may use precise geolocation technology such as GPS or Wi-Fi triangulation or mobile Bluetooth beacon technology to collect information about the exact location of your mobile device. Inferences drawn to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences or characteristics : We or third parties operating on our behalf may analyze your actual or likely preferences based on the information we gather about you as described above. 2. How We Use the Information We Collect We may use and/or disclose the information we collect for the following purposes: Provide the Services: Deliver content and fulfill requests for our publications, products, or services, including on our websites and in our apps. For example, when you subscribe to one of our publications or newsletters, we use the information we collect to deliver print issues and fulfill digital subscriptions and newsletters.Establish and administer your account, including conducting billing and invoicing, contacting you about the expiry of your subscription and sending you service messages about your subscription. For example, once you are subscribed, we may store your subscription information, including its start date, renewal date, pricing, publication, and any customer service contacts you may have with us. Authenticate access to your account. For example, you may provide us with a username and password to get access to your account.Perform maintenance and operations, including management of the network and devices supporting the Services and our systems.Provide technical support and assure quality of customer service interactions.Facilitate hardware and software upgrades for devices and systems.Enable your participation in surveys, sweepstakes, contests, and promotions. Enable your participation in community forums. Communicate with You: Respond to your inquiries.Personalize communications.Send you service-related announcements, such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or sweepstakes, when we make changes to subscriber agreements, to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter, or to contact you about your account.Make Improvements to Our Products and Services: Identify and develop new products and services.Improve the design of our Services.Understand how our Services are used, including by creating measurement and analytics reports. Provide Recommendations and Deliver Relevant Advertising: Offer products, programs or services that may be of interest to you, and keep you informed of new happenings at Time.Market our Services.Determine which content to recommend to you.Send you promotional communications for the Services and other products and services we think may be of interest to you, including by disclosing contact information to third parties that may want to market products or services to you.Deliver more relevant advertising. Investigate Theft or Other Illegal Activities and Ensure a Secure Online Environment: Detect the unauthorized reception, use, or abuse of the Service.Protect you and other subscribers from fraudulent, abusive, unlawful use of, or subscription to, the Service.Protect our rights, our personnel, and our property.Comply with applicable law. We and our partners use cookies, tags, pixels, web beacons, or other means of collecting information automatically from you. Please see our Cookies Policy for more information. 3. Disclosure of Information Publicly: If you choose to submit content (e.g., a “letter to the editor” or an online review), we may publish your name, screen name and other information you have provided to us, which will be public. Affiliates: We may transfer information to other Time offices for internal management and administrative purposes or where necessary for the performance or conclusion of our contractual obligations to you or for your benefit. We may combine information from the Services together and with other information we obtain from our business records. Additionally, information collected about you from a particular browser or device may be linked to information collected from another computer or device that we believe relates to you. Sale or Merger of Business : We may transfer to another entity or its affiliates or service providers some or all information about you in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, acquisition, sale of assets or any line of business, change in ownership control, or financing transaction. We cannot promise that an acquiring party or the merged entity will have the same privacy practices or treat your information the same as described in this Policy. Service Providers : We may disclose personal information to our service providers, which are companies that process information on our behalf, without your consent to deliver the Service and conduct business activities. We require the service providers to treat the information we disclose to them, or that they collect on our behalf, as confidential and to use the information only for the purposes for which they have been engaged. The following is a list of categories of our service providers. Subscription management and fulfillment providers.Billing and collection providers, such as payment processors and organizations that assist us in assessing your credit and payment status.Auditing and accounting firms.Professional services consultants, such as firms that assist with providing legal services, or supplying project-based resources and assistance.Advertising, marketing, and analytics services, including entities that analyze the information we collect from or about you to communicate with and advertise to you. Security vendors, such as entities that assist with security incident verification and response, service notifications, and fraud prevention.IT vendors, such as entities that assist with website design, hosting, and maintenance, data and software storage, and network operation.Production vendors, such a pre-press printing service providers. There are limited circumstances in which the service provider collects data directly from you when their privacy policies may also apply. Third Parties : We may disclose personal information to third parties. The following is a list of categories of our third-party partners. Advertising, Marketing, and Analytics Partners : We partner with companies that assist us with marketing our Services, including by “remarketing” to you on other websites, apps, or social media platforms. These companies may collect information from you automatically via cookies or other tracking technologies when you use our Services. Other External Parties : We may disclose personally identifiable information, including your contact information, to organizations such as marketers, other magazine publishers, retailers, and non-profit organizations that want to market products or services to you. Authorities : We will disclose information we maintain when required to do so by law, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request. 4.Third Party Websites Our Services provide links to third party websites or offerings where data privacy practices may be different to that of Time. The inclusion of any link does not imply our endorsement of any other company, its websites, or its products and/or services. These linked websites or offerings have separate and independent privacy policies, which we recommend you read carefully. We have no control over such websites or offerings and therefore have no responsibility or liability for the manner in which the organizations that operate such linked websites or offerings may collect, use, disclose, or otherwise treat your personal information. 5. Your California Privacy Rights: Notice to California Customers California Shine the Light : California’s “Shine the Light” law, Civil Code Section 1798.83, requires businesses that disclose personal information to third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes to give California customers the ability to opt-out of such disclosure. California Residents may exercise their opt-out right by going to our California Do Not Sell Page . California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”): The California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”) grants residents of California certain rights with respect to their personal information and requires us to provide such individuals with certain information, as described in this Section. Your Rights : Transparency . At the time we collect personal information, you have the right to receive notice of the categories of personal information we collect, and the purposes for which those categories of personal information will be used. Access/Right to Know . You have the right to request access to personal information we collected about you and information regarding the source of that personal information, the purposes for which we collect it, and the third parties and service providers with whom we share it. You can make this access request by going to our California Access/Deletion Page . If you are a print subscriber, you can also access and update much of the personal information we have collected about you through your account page . Deletion . You have the right to request that we erase data we have collected from you. Please note that we may have a reason to deny your deletion request or delete data in a more limited way than you anticipated, e.g., because of a legal obligation to retain it or to provide a good or service that you request. You can make this deletion request by going to our California Access/Deletion Page . Opt-Out of Sale and Share . You have the right to request that we stop “selling” your personal information as that that term is defined in the California Privacy Rights Act. A “sale” of personal information is defined broadly: “selling, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information by the business to another business or a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.” “Sharing” of personal information is defined as: “sharing, renting, releasing, disclosing, disseminating, making available, transferring, or otherwise communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information by the business to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, whether or not for monetary or other valuable consideration, including transactions between a business and a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising for the benefit of a business in which no money is exchanged.” Please see below for more information about our “sales” or “sharing” of personal information. To opt-out, please go to our California Do Not Sell Page . Categories of personal information we collect : We collect the categories of information described above in the “ Information We Collect ” section for the purposes described in the “ How We Use Information ” section. Categories of personal information we disclose : We may disclose any of the categories of personal information listed above and use them for the above-listed purposes or for other business or operational purposes compatible with the context in which the personal information was collected. Our disclosures of personal information include disclosures to our “service providers,” which are companies that we engage for business purposes to conduct activities on our behalf. The categories of service providers with whom we share information and the services they provide are described above. Categories of personal information we “sell” : We may “sell” any of the categories of personal information listed above to third parties, except for Professional or employment-related information; and Education information. To opt-out of such sales, please go to our California Do Not Sell Page . Right to Request Correction of inaccurate personal information.You can also make a CPRA access, deletion or “do not sell” request by calling the following toll-free number: +1 (888) 914-9661 PIN 430210. 6. Disclosures to Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah The disclosures in this section apply solely to individual residents of the States of Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah. Privacy laws in these states give residents certain rights with respect to their personal data, when they take effect over the course of 2023. Those rights include: Right to Access Information. You have the right to access and obtain a copy of your personal data. Right to Request Deletion. You have the right to request that we delete personal data provided by or obtained about you. Right to Correct. You have the right to correct inaccuracies in your personal data. Right to Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising. You may ask us not to use or disclose your information for the purposes of targeting advertising to you based on your personal data obtained from your activity across different businesses, services, websites, etc. Right to Opt Out of Personal Information Sales to third parties. To submit a request to exercise your access, deletion, or correction privacy rights, please email us at privacy@time.com with the subject line “Privacy Rights Request” and let us know in which state you live. Please see Section 8 for a description of how to exercise your right to opt-out of targeted advertising or sales. Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia may appeal a refusal to take action on a request by contacting us by email at privacy@time.com . 7. Special Information for Nevada Residents Residents of the State of Nevada have the right to opt out of the sale of certain pieces of their information to other companies who will sell or license their information to others. We disclose contact information to third parties that may want to market products or services to you. To opt-out of such sales, please email us at privacy@time.com . 8. Your Opt-Out Choices Verification Procedures : We must verify your identity for everyone’s protection. To do so, we may require you to provide us with verification information prior to accessing any records containing personal information about you. We do this by: Asking you to provide personal identifiers we can match against information we may have collected from you previously and confirm your request using the email or telephone number stated in the request; orHaving you submit your request through your account page (if you are a subscriber), which will automatically verify your identity and will result in faster processing of your request. If you are a California resident, you may authorize another individual or a business registered with the California Secretary of State, called an authorized agent, to make requests on your behalf. If we receive a request from an authorized agent, we require that the authorized agent verify its identity with us, that you verify your identity with us, and that you provide us with proof that you authorized the authorized agent in writing to make the request. We will use the information you provide for verification only for the purpose of verification. We may have a reason under the law why we do not have to respond to your request, or respond to it in a more limited way than you anticipated. If we do, we will explain that to you in our response. Your Account and Payment Information : If you are a print subscriber, please visit the account page to update your contact information and payment method. Marketing and Other Communications: If you wish to unsubscribe from receiving future email marketing from Time, please use the unsubscribe link that appears at the bottom of our marketing emails.If you are a newsletter subscriber, you may unsubscribe using the unsubscribe options in the newsletter emails.If you wish to opt-out of sharing of your personal information, including contact information, with third parties for marketing purposes, please email us here . If you prefer not to receive traditional mail or other offline promotions from Time, please email us here .Please note that even if you opt out of receiving marketing communications from us, we may continue to send you transactional communications about your subscription or orders. Opt-out of “sale” : If you are a California resident, you have the right to opt out of our “sale” of personal information to third parties. Please see “ Your California Privacy Rights: Notice to California Customers ” above for a description of your rights and information on how to opt out. Cookie Management, Analytics, Personalized Advertising, and Do Not Track: Information about our use of cookies and other tracking technologies is available in our Cookie Policy .You can control cookies using your web browser’s settings.If you delete your cookies or if you set your browser to decline cookies, some features of the Services may not be available, work, or work as designed.You can use our partners’ links above to learn more about the options they may make available to opt-out of their tracking technologies. You can broadly opt out of participating companies’ website tracking technologies by visiting the websites for the Network Advertising Initiative , the Digital Advertising Alliance , and the European Interactive Digital Advertising Initiative .Similarly, you can learn about your options to opt out of mobile app tracking by some advertising networks through your device settings and by resetting the advertiser ID on your mobile device. When you make an opt-out choice, it does not necessarily mean that you will stop receiving ads altogether, but you will no longer receive personalized ads. If you delete your cookies, you may also delete your opt-out preferences. To opt out of “sales” or “sharing” of personal information you can toggle your cookies off in the cookie preference center or enable Global Privacy Control (“GPC”) on your browser. To learn more about GPC, please visit http://globalprivacycontrol.org . 9. Security of Personal Information We have put in place administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security and correctly use the information we collect. No system can be completely secure, however, and we do not guarantee that unauthorized disclosures and access will not happen. 10. Retention of Personal Information We will retain your personal information while you have an account with us and thereafter for as long as we have a legitimate need to retain it. Thereafter, we will either delete your personal information or de-identify it so that it is anonymous and not attributed to your identity. 11. Special Note for Parents The site you are visiting is one of the Time general audience sites and is not intended for use by children. If you are under the age of 16 please do not submit any personal information through this site. 12. Changes to this Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically to reflect changes to our information practices. The revised Privacy Policy will be posted on this website with the date of the last modification, and we will notify of the changes if required by the applicable law. We will treat your information in accordance with the privacy policy in place at the time of collection of such information, or as you otherwise indicate your preferences. We encourage you to check whenever you use our Services to see if the policy has been updated. 13. How to Contact Us If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, our data practices, or our compliance with applicable law please contact us by writing to us at privacy@time.com , or at: Time USA, LLC Attention: Privacy Officer 3 Bryant Park New York, NY 10036 Toll-free: 800-843-8463 Toll-free number for CPRA requests: +1 (888) 914-9661 PIN 430210. If you are a print subscriber located in the U.S. and have questions about your subscription, please contact us by writing to us at customerservice@time.com or at: TIME PO BOX 37263 Boone, IA 50037-0263 Toll-free: 800-843-8463 Do Not Sell My Personal Information Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies Targeting cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners.They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertising on other sites. They are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. You can turn off the use of cookies for targeted advertising here. When the button is green, targeted cookies are on. When the button is red, targeting cookies have been turned off. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelTIME USA TERMS OF SERVICE Effective Date: May 15, 2023 These Terms of Service (“Terms”) are an agreement between you and TIME USA LLC (“TIME”, "us", "our" or "we") and set forth the legally binding terms for your use of our websites and applications that include a link to these Terms (or any subdomains thereof) (the "Sites"), as well as in connection with any of our sales or marketing activities or other services available on our Sites or offline that are owned by TIME (“Services”). These Terms apply to your use of the Sites and Services (however accessed and/or used, whether via personal computers, mobile devices or otherwise) or any other means or applications in which you connect with us and your use of our Sites or Services. Our Privacy Policy, found here , is incorporated into and subject to these Terms by reference. Please review that Privacy Policy for information about how we collect, use, and share information, including the data rights available to you. Dispute Resolution: PLEASE BE AWARE THAT SECTION 15 CONTAINS PROVISIONS GOVERNING HOW TO RESOLVE DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND TIME. AMONG OTHER THINGS, SECTION 15 INCLUDES AN AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE WHICH REQUIRES, WITH LIMITED EXCEPTIONS, THAT ALL DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US SHALL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING AND FINAL ARBITRATION. SECTION 15 ALSO CONTAINS A CLASS ACTION AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER. PLEASE READ SECTION 15 CAREFULLY. UNLESS YOU OPT OUT OF THE AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE WITHIN 30 DAYS: (1) YOU WILL ONLY BE PERMITTED TO PURSUE DISPUTES OR CLAIMS AND SEEK RELIEF AGAINST US ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING AND YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION; AND (2) YOU ARE WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO PURSUE DISPUTES OR CLAIMS AND SEEK RELIEF IN A COURT OF LAW AND TO HAVE A JURY TRIAL. QUICK LINKS We recommend that you read these Terms in full to ensure you are fully informed. However, to make it easier for you to review those parts of these Terms which apply to you, we have divided up the document into the following sections: TIME USA, LLC is a U.S. based publisher of current and breaking news in TIME magazine, Time.com and other multimedia platforms and the owner of TIME Studios, producer of film, television, virtual reality and other multimedia productions. Agreement to the Terms . Each time that you access or use our Sites or Services you signify that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by these Terms. If you do not agree to any of these Terms you must discontinue using the Sites and Services. Eligibility . You must be at least 18 years old or have reached the age of majority in the jurisdiction in which you reside to use the Sites and Services or and you attest that you have reached the age of majority and have the legal capacity to be legally bound by these Terms. Electronic Form/Communications . By accessing or using the Sites or Services you consent to having this agreement provided to you in electronic form and receiving communications from us electronically. We may communicate with you by postal mail, e-mail or by posting notices on the Sites. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirements that such communications be in writing, including renewal notices and notices about your subscription or account. Access to the Sites and Services . You do not need to make a purchase in order to access and browse some sections of the Sites or Services, but you may not be able to access all of the features of the Sites or Services unless you make a purchase and create an account. If you are browsing the Sites or Services and have not yet created an account or made a purchase your use of the Site or Services will still be subject to these Terms. Account . You can purchase a subscription and create an account by submitting the information required (“Time Account”). You must provide accurate, current and complete information during the registration process and keep your Time Account up-to-date at all times. Any falsification of any information whatsoever may, at TIME's option, result in immediate suspension or termination of your right to use the Services. Security . If you use our Services you are responsible for restricting access to your Time Account and ensuring that your computer and mobile device are free from all types of malicious content, including content that may track any data you enter via the Services.Your login ID email address (or other unique identifier needed to create an account) and password, together with any mobile number or other contact information you provide, form your “Account Information.” You understand and agree that you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your password and other Account Information, and that you are solely responsible for all activities that occur on or through your Time Account. You further agree to notify TIME immediately of any unauthorized access to your Time Account or unauthorized use of your Account Information or any other security breach by emailing us at privacy@time.com . European residents can email us at euprivacy@time.com . Contacting You . When you provide us with contact information in connection with a particular activity or when using our Services, such as an email address or telephone number, you agree that this action constitutes a purchase or inquiry establishing a business relationship with us. You expressly consent to our communicating with you using contact information obtained directly from you or which is provided to us with your consent. You attest that you have the legal authority over any contact information provided to us and can provide us and/or third parties with the authorization to contact you. This means you may be contacted in person or by recorded message, by e-mail, telephone and/or mobile telephone number (including use of automated dialing equipment), text (SMS) message, IM messaging, or any other means of communication that your wireless or other telecommunications device may be capable of receiving), in accordance with applicable laws or regulations (“Applicable Laws”). Purchasing our Products or Services. Please refer to the applicable offer for a description of our products and services such as our current subscription plans and pricing. Any terms and conditions of any offer disclosed to you when ordering is deemed part of these Terms. TIME reserves the right to change the fees for its products and Services and will provide notice of any increase prior to your being charged. Electronic Receipts and Notices . By using our Sites or Services or making a purchase you consent to receive notices, disclosures, agreements, policies, receipts, confirmations, transaction information, account information, other communications, and changes or updates to any such documents electronically (“Electronic Mailings”). We will provide these Electronic Mailing by posting them on your account page and/or emailing them to the email address associated with your account. You agree that the Electronic Mailings satisfy legal communication requirements, including but not limited to requirements that any such communications be in writing. Electronic Mailings will be deemed received by you within 24 hours of issuance. Print Publications . TIME reserves the right to modify the content, type and availability of any print publications at any time. Frequency of magazine issues is subject to change without notice. Some issues count as double issues, in TIME’s discretion. If the post office alerts us that your print magazine is undeliverable, we have no further obligation unless we receive a corrected address within 2 years. Orders . All orders are for personal use only and orders for resale are prohibited without prior written approval. Products displayed on the Sites are available only while supplies last. We try to display the image of the products available on our Sites, including colors, as accurately as possible but they may vary and the actual colors you see depend upon your device display. If we have cancelled your order after charging your account, we will issue a credit for the amount charged. No Binding Offer . Nothing on the Sites or Services constitutes a binding offer to sell, distribute or give away any products or services. In the event the products and services are listed at an incorrect price, we have the right to refuse or cancel orders placed at the incorrect price, regardless of whether the order has been confirmed or you have been charged. We reserve the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline such order, or any portion thereof, or to not ship to particular addresses, even after your receipt of an order confirmation or after you have been charged. We also reserve the right at any time to limit the quantities of products and/or services ordered for you or your household. There may be information on the Sites that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, colors, pricing, and availability. We make no representation as to whether information on the Sites or Services is current or the completeness or accuracy of any information on the Sites or Services. Billing Information .When you provide payment information (“Billing Information”) to TIME or its authorized processor, you represent that you are an authorized user of the payment card, PIN, key, account or other payment method specified by you (“Payment Method”), and you authorize TIME to charge such Payment Method for the full amount of the transaction. The terms of your payment will be based on your Payment Method and may be determined by agreements between you and the financial institution, debit/credit card issuer or other provider of your chosen Payment Method (the "Payment Method Provider"). If TIME does not receive payment from your Payment Method Provider, you agree to pay all amounts due on your account upon demand. In the event we are advised of insufficient funds in your account or credit to cover your payment by your Payment Method, we may re-present such un-cleared or rejected payment, or any lessor amount thereof, to your Payment Method Provider. In the event we have to collect unpaid amounts you owe us, you will be liable for all collection costs, including attorneys' and collection agency fees. TIME reserves the right to correct any errors or mistakes that it makes even if it has already requested or received payment and to update your information from available third-party sources. In the event TIME cannot charge the Payment Method you provide we reserve the right to terminate your order and invoice you for any unpaid amounts. You must promptly notify TIME if your Payment Method is canceled (e.g., for loss or theft). If you fail to notify us, you remain responsible for any continued charges to the Payment Method you provided. Cancelation and Refunds. You can cancel your subscription by calling Customer Service at 1-800-843-TIME (8463) and speaking with a customer service representative. You can also send an email with the word “CANCEL” in the subject line providing information about your account number and the subscription you wish to cancel, to customerservice@time.com, or you can go here . Any refunds are subject to the terms of the offer you accepted. For print subscriptions where refunds are offered you will receive a refund for unserved issues, or issues that have not already been processed for fulfillment. How to Cancel Auto-Renewal . You can cancel auto renewal at any time to avoid future charges by going here or contacting customer service at 1-800-843-TIME (8463). Free or Introductory Promotional Offer . If you enrolled for any of our Services under a special introductory offer (for example, a discounted or free initial trial or free merchandise), you are subject to the terms of the offer you accepted and, unless you cancel within the time frame presented in the offer, the applicable regular fee for the Services you selected will be posted to your Payment Method after the introductory offer or trial period is completed. We reserve the right to limit any introductory or trial offer to one per person/household. Rules of Conduct .In connection with your use of the Sites and Services, you will not (i) use the Sites and Services other than as permitted in these Terms and only for your personal use; (ii) modify, translate, adapt, or otherwise create derivative works or improvements, whether or not patentable, of the Sites, Content (as hereinafter defined), or Services; (iii) upload or input to the Sites or Services any information which contains software viruses, or any computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of the Sites or Services; (iv) reverse engineer, decompile, reverse assemble, decode, modify or attempt to discover any source code or generate its content or any software or other products or processes accessible through the Sites or Services; (v) use any automated means, including, without limitation, agents, robots, scripts, or spiders, to access, monitor, or copy any part of the Sites or Services, monitor traffic on the Sites or Services, obtain or accumulate personal information about other users, or collect or store personal data about other users; (vi) copy or adapt the object code of any software, HTML, JavaScript or other code; (vii) remove, disable, circumvent, or otherwise create or implement any workaround to any copy protection, rights management, or security features in or protecting the Sites or Services; (viii) use the Sites or Services in any manner that in TIME’s sole judgment, adversely affects the performance or function of the Sites or Services or interferes with the ability of other users to access or utilize the Sites or Services or undertake any acts not expressly permitted under the Terms; (ix) remove, delete, alter, or obscure any trademarks or any copyright, trademark, patent, or other intellectual property or proprietary rights notices from the Content; (x) rent, lease, lend, sell, sublicense, assign, distribute, publish, transfer, or otherwise make available the Services, or any features or functionality of the Sites or Services, to any third party for any reason; (xi) exploit, distribute or publicly communicate any error, miscue or bug which gives an unintended advantage; (xii) use software or any other means to harvest information from the Sites or Services; (xiii) harass others or disclose personal information about others that could amount to harassment; (xiv) impersonate others or create false accounts or misrepresent your affiliation with any other person or entity; (xv) Send chain letters, junk mail, ‘spamming’ material or any other form of bulk communication; (xvi) insert your own or a third party's advertising, branding or other promotional content into any of the Sites’ content, materials or services (for example, without limitation, in an Embedded Video (as defined herein), RSS feed or a podcast received from us or otherwise through the Sites, or, except as otherwise specifically authorized in these Terms or on the Sites, use, redistribute, republish or exploit such content or service for any further commercial or promotional purposes; (xvii) publish, post, upload, store, distribute or disseminate any unlawful, defamatory, infringing, obscene, sexually explicit, harmful, confidential, libelous, hateful, threatening or otherwise illegal material or information, or anything which might constitute a criminal or civil offence; (xiii) engage in spidering, "screen scraping," "database scraping," harvesting of e-mail addresses, wireless addresses or other contact or personal information, or any other automatic means of obtaining lists of users or other information from or through the Sites or Services, including without limitation any information residing on any server or database connected to the Sites or Services or (ix) undertake to use the Sites or Services in violation of any Applicable Law or generally accepted practices or guidelines (“Accepted Practices”) or take any action which would cause us to be in violation of any Applicable Law or Acceptable Practices. Monitoring. TIME reserves the right to monitor all network traffic to the Sites or Services and anyone using the Sites or Services expressly acknowledges that such monitoring may occur. TIME may block unauthorized attempts or intrusions to upload or change information or cause damage to the Sites or Services in any fashion.You acknowledge that TIME has no general obligation to monitor User Content (as hereinafter defined) nor to actively seek facts or circumstances indicating illegal activity, but has the right to review, disable access to, or to edit any User Content in order to: (i) operate, secure and improve the security of the Sites or Services (including without limitation for fraud prevention, risk assessment, investigation and customer support purposes); (ii) ensure compliance with these Terms; (iii) comply with Applicable Laws or the order or requirement of a court, law enforcement, or other administration agency or governmental body; (iv) respond to User Content or user conduct that it determines is harmful or objectionable; or (v) as otherwise set forth in these Terms. Posting of User Content . The Services may contain communication services (“Public Forums”) designed to enable you to post and communicate content, such as reviews, photos, videos (including Embedded Videos), or other information or content (collectively, “User Content”) with other members or visitors to our Sites. You agree that all such User Content you submit, post, upload, embed, display or communicate through the Services will comply with these Terms and with the Rules of Conduct set forth herein. You acknowledge and agree that when you post User Content it is available to the public and that you have no expectation of privacy concerning your User Content. As a result, please exercise caution when posting any personal information in User Content as it may be seen and used by others and do not post anything that is confidential. TIME has no obligation to monitor User Content but reserves the right to review and remove any User Content at any time, without notice, for any reason and in its sole discretion. TIME specifically disclaims any liability with regard to User Content and any actions resulting from your participation in any such Public Forums. TIME may delete or destroy any such User Content at any time. TIME IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY USER’S MISUSE OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF ANY USER CONTENT OR INFORMATION YOU POST ON OR THROUGH THE SERVICES. Embedded Videos . Certain pages of the Sites may provide the functionality for you to "embed" videos appearing on the page on other websites or blog pages (together with the Player, as defined herein, the "Embedded Video"). The functionality is provided by giving you the necessary HTML code to include on such page to make that Embedded Video appear. If you include the HTML on a web or blog page, the actual video stream for the Embedded Video will be served from our servers but the Embedded Video may be rendered to the visitor of that page as part of that page. If you elect to embed video on a page, you agree as follows: (i) you will not alter, in any respect, the Embedded Video (including without limitation the content, format, and length and advertising associated therewith) from how it is served from our servers; (ii) you will not facilitate access to the Embedded Video through any video player or other tool other than the video player that is provided by us when the Embedded Video appears (the "Player"); (iii) the Embedded Video may be used for commercial purposes, including on an advertising-supported page, provided that: (a) the Embedded Video shall not be included in, or used as part of, a service that sells access to video content; (b) you shall not insert advertising, sponsorship or promotional messages in, or immediately adjacent to, the Embedded Video or Player; and (c) to the extent you sell any advertising, sponsorship or promotional material to appear on the same page that includes the Embedded Video, the page includes other content not provided by us which is a sufficient basis for such sales. You may not block, inhibit, build upon or disable any portion of the Player, including without limitation links back to our site. You understand and agree that all measured metrics related to the access and viewing of the Embedded Video shall be credited to the Sites without limitation of any provision of these Terms, we shall have no liability to you for any reason with respect to your use of Embedded Video and you agree to defend, indemnify and hold us and our affiliates and our affiliates' directors, officers, employees and agents harmless from any and all claims, liabilities, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising in any way from your use of the Embedded Video. Objectionable Content . If you encounter something you find objectionable and in violation of these Terms, you can report it to legal@time.com . License to User Content . All User Content must comply with these Terms.By submitting, transmitting, or displaying your User Content on or through the Services, you automatically grant (and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant) to TIME, its licensees, and their respective successors and assigns, officers, directors, employees, licensees, agents, representatives and other users of the Services, a worldwide, sublicenseable, assignable, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, unlimited right and license to use, reproduce, publish, distribute, publicly display and perform, reformat, adapt, modify and delete your User Content in connection with the Services via any or all media, platforms and formats whether now or later known or developed (“License”). Representation of Ownership . You retain copyright and other intellectual property rights with respect to any User Content to the extent that you have such rights under Applicable Laws. By posting or submitting User Content through the Services you represent and warrant that (i) you own such User Content or otherwise have the right to grant us the License set forth in these Terms; (ii) the User Content is accurate and not confidential and the distribution, submission, transmission, posting and use of your User Content on the Services is not in violation of any Applicable Law or contractual restrictions or other third party rights (including, without limitation, privacy, publicity, and intellectual property rights); and (iii) you are solely responsible for, and TIME will have no liability in connection with, your User Content or any other User Content you access through the Services. Your ownership in your User Content does not confer any rights to the Sites or Services, nor any rights to other User Content or TIME Content stored by or on behalf of TIME. Feedback/Idea Submissions . TIME does not accept unauthorized idea submissions. Any ideas disclosed to TIME are not confidential and TIME may develop, use and freely disclose or publish similar ideas without compensating you or accounting to you. All comments or materials submitted to us, including testimonials, images, reviews, questions, comments, or suggestions (collectively, “Feedback”), is received and treated by us on a non-confidential and unrestricted basis. If you provide TIME with any Feedback, you hereby grant TIME a non-exclusive, fully-paid, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, transferable, sublicensable license to reproduce, distribute, modify, prepare derivative works based on, publicly perform, publicly display, make, have made, use, sell, offer to sell, import, and otherwise exploit that Feedback for any purposes, for all current and future methods and forms of exploitation throughout the world. If any such rights may not be licensed under Applicable Laws (such as moral and other personal rights), you hereby waive and agree not to assert all such rights. You understand and agree that TIME is not required to make any use of any Feedback that you provide. You agree that if TIME makes use of your Feedback, TIME is not required to credit or compensate you for your contribution. You represent and warrant that you have sufficient rights in any Feedback that you provide to TIME to grant TIME and other affected parties the rights described above. This includes but is not limited to intellectual property rights and other proprietary, privacy or other personal rights. Termination . TIME may terminate your access to its Sites or Services immediately or disable any user name, password or other identifier, whether chosen by you or provided by TIME, at any time without notice, if, in TIME’s sole opinion, you have violated any provision of these Terms. Termination will not limit any of TIME’s rights or remedies at law or in equity. Third-Party Links . The Sites and Services may contain links to other websites or applications. These websites and applications are not under the control of TIME, and the existence of a link from the Sites or Services does not imply any endorsement of or affiliation with the linked websites or applications. TIME makes no warranties or representations, and disclaims all liability, relating to the accuracy, content, Terms of Service, privacy policies, products, services, legality, reliability, viewpoint, accuracy, currency, decency, or any other aspect of the linked websites or applications. Linking to the Sites .Unless otherwise specifically indicated in these Terms or on the Sites, you agree that: (i) if you include a link from any other website to the Sites, such link shall open in a new browser window and shall link to the full version of an HTML formatted page of the Sites; (ii) you are not permitted to link directly to any image hosted on the Sites or Services, such as using an "in-line" linking method to cause the image hosted by us to be displayed on another website; and (iii) you agree not to download or use images hosted on this Sites on another website, for any purpose, including, without limitation, posting such images on another website. You agree not to link from any other website to the Sites in any manner such that the Sites, or any page of the Sites, is "framed," surrounded or obfuscated by any third party content, materials or branding. We reserve all of our rights under the law to insist that any link to the Sites be discontinued, and to revoke your right to link to the Sites from any other website at any time upon written notice to you. Data Collection Policy . No party unaffiliated with TIME may collect or use, or direct, authorize or assist other persons or entities to collect or use any data from a user, or a computer or device operated by a user, while accessing our Sites or Services without TIME’s prior express written permission. Modification to Services . TIME has the right to modify its Services (and products and services accessible through its Services), and its Sites at any time in its sole discretion which may include upgrades, bug fixes, patches, other error corrections, and/or new features (collectively, including related documentation, “Updates”). Updates may also modify or delete in their entirety certain features and functionality. You agree that TIME has no obligation to provide any Updates or to continue to provide or enable any particular features or functionality or other aspects of its Sites or Services. Your only right with respect to any dissatisfaction with any modifications made to its Sites or Services, or any policies or practices of TIME in providing its Services is to cancel your account and/or stop using the Sites or Services. Injunctive Relief . You expressly acknowledge and agree that there may be no adequate remedy at law for a breach of this Section, that such a breach may irreparably harm TIME and TIME is entitled, without limiting any of its other remedies at law or equity, to seek injunctive relief (temporary and permanent) from any court of competent jurisdiction immediately upon request and without the need to post a bond or security, with respect to any such breach or potential breach of these Terms. Ownership of Content and Marks . The Sites and Services, and all content published on or accessible through the Sites and Services (including, for example, audio, photographs, illustrations, graphics, other visuals, video, copy, text, software, titles, Shockwave files, etc.), code, data and materials thereon, the look and feel, design and organization of the Web Site, and the compilation of the content, code, data and materials on the Sites (“Content”), is owned by TIME, its subsidiaries, affiliates or its licensors, and is protected by laws governing copyrights, moral rights, sui generis rights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets and/or other proprietary rights. TIME owns a copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of such Content and a copyright in the Sites. All trademarks, logos, service marks, trade names, and trade dress appearing on the Content and Sites (“Marks”), are proprietary to TIME, its subsidiaries, affiliates, or its licensors. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights in any Content or Marks downloaded or accessed from the Sites or Services. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any Marks or Content (including images, text, page layout, or form) nor use any Meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing TIME, its affiliates’, or its licensors’ name or Marks without the prior express written consent of TIME. You agree not to copy, reproduce, publish, transmit, distribute, perform, sell, create derivative works of, or in any way exploit, the Sites, Services, Marks or Content, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent or TIME. Notices From Third Party Licensors. Getty Images still images and visual representations (including, without limitation, from Getty Images wholly-owned Sport, MLB, NHLI, AFP Sport, and Bongarts Sports) may not be republished, retransmitted, reproduced, downloaded or otherwise used, except for downloading for personal, non-commercial use. Our Limited License to You. You acknowledge and agree that the Sites, Services and Content are provided under license, and not sold, to you and your use.You do not acquire any ownership interest in the Sites, Services or Content under these Terms, or any other rights thereto other than to use the Sites, Services and Content in accordance with the license granted, and subject to all terms, conditions, and restrictions under these Terms. TIME grants you a limited, personal, non-commercial, non-exclusive, revocable, non-assignable, and non-transferable license to access (but not through scraping, spidering, crawling or other technology or software used to access data) and display the Content (excluding any software code) solely for your personal use in connection with accessing and using the Services as reasonably necessary to use them for their intended purpose. You may not insert any code or product to manipulate the Content, Sites or Services in any way that affects any user's experience. TIME, its affiliates, subsidiaries, and licensors reserve all rights not expressly granted in and to its respective Sites, Services, Marks and Content. You may not use the Sites, Services, Marks or Content in a manner that constitutes an infringement of our rights or that has not been authorized by us. More specifically, unless explicitly authorized in these Terms you may not modify, copy, reproduce, republish, upload, post, transmit, translate, sell, create derivative works, exploit, or distribute in any manner or medium (including by email or other electronic means) any material from the Sites or Services. You may, however, from time to time, download copies of individual pages from the Services for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you keep intact all copyright and other proprietary notices intact. Filing a Complaint If you are a user in the United States, TIME has designated an agent with the United States Copyright Office in accordance with the terms of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) and avails itself of the protections under the DMCA. We reserve the right to remove any User Content on the Sites which allegedly infringes another person’s copyright. We are under no obligation to scan content posted for any violations of third party rights. However, we respect the copyright interests of others and it is our policy not to permit materials known by us to infringe another party’s copyright to remain on the Sites. If you believe any materials on any Site infringes a copyright, you should provide us with a written request to takedown the allegedly infringing material in the form of a written letter, sent by regular mail only, (“DMCA Takedown Notice”) that at a minimum includes: Identification of the URL of the Site and the material that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled, and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the material;Your name, address, telephone number and email address (if available);A statement that the complaining party has a good faith belief that use of the material in the manner complained of is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; A statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that the complaining party is authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; andThe signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right to ignore a DMCA Takedown Notice that is not in compliance with the DMCA. Filing a Counter-Notice. If your material has been removed or blocked by us as a result of our receipt of a DMCA Takedown Notice, you may send us a request asking for the allegedly infringing material to be restored in the form of a written letter, sent by regular mail only (“DMCA Counter-Notice”) that at a minimum includes: Identification of the copyrighted work (or works) that was removed by TIME and the URL of the Site(s) with the location at which the works appeared before they were removed. The information must be reasonably sufficient to permit us to identify the copyrighted work;Your name, address, telephone number and email address (if available);A statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Federal District Court for the judicial district in which your address is located, or the State of New York if your address is outside of the United States; A statement that you will accept service of process from the person (or an agent of such person) who provided the DMCA Takedown Notice to us;A statement that you have a good faith belief that the allegedly infringing material identified above as the copyrighted work was removed or disabled as a result of a mistake or misidentification of the material to be removed or disabled; andA signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyrighted work that was taken down.When we receive the DMCA Counter-Notice, we will send a copy of the DMCA Counter-Notice to the party who originally sent us the DMCA Takedown Notice requested the removal of the allegedly infringing material and we will reinstate the allegedly infringing material, unless that party obtains a court order supporting removal of the allegedly infringing material. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we reserve the right to ignore a DMCA Counter-Notice that is not in compliance with the DMCA. Both the DMCA Takedown Notice and the DMCA Counter-Notice must be sent to our designated DMCA designated agent addressed as follows: Copyright Agent: DMCA Agent, TIME USA LLC, 1095 Sixth Avenue, New York, NY 10036 Email: dmcanotice@time.com IF YOU CHOOSE TO USE THE SITES OR SERVICES, YOU DO SO VOLUNTARILY AND AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE CONTENT AND INFORMATION OFFERED ON OR THROUGH THE SITES OR SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS.” TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS, WE DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OR OTHER TERMS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR TERMS OF SATISFACTORY QUALITY, MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. WE DO NOT WARRANT: THAT THE SITES OR SERVICES, OR ANY OF THEIR FUNCTIONS, WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE; THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED; THAT ANY PART OF THE SITES OR SERVICES, OR THE SERVERS THAT MAKE THEM AVAILABLE, ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS ,INCLUDING WHETHER UPDATES WILL AUTOMATICALLY DOWNLOAD WHEN INSTALLED OR THAT DEPENDING ON YOUR DEVICE WHETHER UPDATES WILL BE AVAILABLE TO YOU. WE DO NOT WARRANT OR MAKE ANY REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING THE USE OR THE RESULTS OF THE USE OF THE SITES OR SERVICES OR CONTENT CONTAINED THEREIN WITH REGARD TO THEIR CORRECTNESS, ACCURACY, TIMELINESS, RELIABILITY, APPROPRIATENESS FOR ANY PURPOSE, OR OTHERWISE. DUE TO THE NATURE OF THE INTERNET, TIME CANNOT GUARANTEE THE CONTINUOUS AND UNINTERRUPTED AVAILABILITY AND ACCESSIBILITY OF THE SITES OR SERVICES. TIME MAY RESTRICT THE AVAILABILITY OF THE SITES OR SERVICES OR CERTAIN AREAS OR FEATURES IF NECESSARY, IN VIEW OF CAPACITY LIMITS, THE SECURITY OR INTEGRITY OF ITS SERVERS, OR TO CARRY OUT MAINTENANCE MEASURES THAT ASSIST IN THE PROPER OR IMPROVED FUNCTIONING OF THE SITES OR SERVICES. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY OF THE MATERIALS CONTAINED IN THE SITES OR SERVICES, OR WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USE OF OUR SITES OR SERVICES. IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO EVALUATE THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR USEFULNESS OF ANY INFORMATION, OPINION, ADVICE OR OTHER CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITES. PLEASE SEEK THE ADVICE OF PROFESSIONALS, AS APPROPRIATE, REGARDING THE EVALUATION OF ANY SPECIFIC INFORMATION, OPINION, ADVICE OR OTHER CONTENT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO FINANCIAL, HEALTH, OR LIFESTYLE INFORMATION, OPINION, ADVICE OR OTHER CONTENT. You acknowledge and agree that, to the maximum extent permitted by law, the entire risk arising out of your access to and use of the Sites, Services, Content and User Content, and your posting of any User Content remains with you. Neither TIME nor any other party involved in creating, producing, or delivering the Sites or Services, Content or User Content will be liable for any incidental, special, exemplary or consequential damages, including lost profits, loss of data or loss of goodwill, service interruption, computer damage or system failure or the cost of substitute products or services, or for any damages for personal or bodily injury or emotional distress arising out of or in connection with these Terms or from the use of or inability to use the Sites or Services, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence), product liability or any other legal theory, and whether or not TIME has been informed of the possibility of such damage, even if a limited remedy set forth herein is found to have failed its essential purpose. In no event will TIME’ aggregate liability arising out of or in connection with these Terms and your use of the Sites or Services, exceed the amounts you have paid to TIME in the twelve month period prior to the event giving rise to the liability, or $50USD if no such payments have been made, as applicable. The limitations of damages set forth above are fundamental elements of the basis of the bargain between TIME and you. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless TIME and its shareholders, partners, affiliates, directors, officers, subsidiaries, employees, agents, suppliers, and licensors from and against all damages, losses, liabilities, claims, and costs (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs including costs to respond to regulatory inquiries, actions or subpoenas) related to all third party claims, charges, and investigations, arising from, relating to, or caused by User Content you post or submit or your failure to comply with these Terms. We reserve the right, at our own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and in such case, you agree to cooperate with our defense of such claim. If you are a California resident and in connection with the foregoing releases, you hereby waive California Civil Code Section 1542 (and any similar provision in any other jurisdiction) which states: A general release does not extend to claims which the creditor does not know or suspect to exist in his favor at the time of executing the release, which, if known by him must have materially affected his settlement with the debtor.” TIME will provide the Sites and Services with reasonable care and skill but makes no representations that they are appropriate for use from locations outside the United States or compliant with laws outside the United States. If you access the Sites or Services from outside the United States, you are responsible for compliance with local laws in relation to your use of the Sites or Services. TIME will review and may update these Terms periodically and will note the new effective date if any changes are made. If we make material changes to these Terms we may choose to notify you by prominently posting a notice of a new Terms of Service update on the Sites for a period of time in our discretion but we encourage you to review these Terms and make note of the “effective date” frequently Your continued use of the Sites and Services after we post any changes to the Terms signifies your agreement to any such changes. If you do not agree to these Terms, you must discontinue using the Sites and Services. You may be able to access other websites, mobile applications or resources through links accessed on the Sites or Services. Because TIME has no control over such websites or mobile applications you acknowledge and agree TIME is not responsible for the availability of such external websites, mobile applications or resources accessible from those third parties, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, services, or other materials available from such websites or mobile applications, nor does TIME endorse any such websites, mobile applications or resources, or the products or services assessable on such websites or mobile applications. Governing Law. These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without application of conflict of laws rules, except that these Section 15 provisions (“Arbitration Agreement”) shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 1, et seq. Applicability of Arbitration Agreement. Subject to the terms of this Arbitration Agreement, you and Time agree that any dispute, claim, disagreements arising out of or relating in any way to your access to or use of the Services or of the Sites, any products sold or distributed through the Services or the Sites, or the Terms and prior versions of the Terms, including claims and disputes that arose between us before the effective date of these Terms (each, a “Dispute”) will be resolved by binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that: (1) you and Time may assert claims or seek relief in small claims court if such claims qualify and remain in small claims court; and (2) you or Time may seek equitable relief in court for infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights (such as trademarks, trade dress, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights, and patents). For purposes of this Arbitration Agreement, “Dispute” will also include disputes that arose or involve facts occurring before the existence of this or any prior versions of the Terms as well as claims that may arise after the termination of these Terms. Informal Dispute Resolution. There might be instances when a Dispute arises between you and Time. If that occurs, Time is committed to working with you to reach a reasonable resolution. You and Time agree that good faith informal efforts to resolve Disputes can result in a prompt, low‐cost and mutually beneficial outcome.You and Time therefore agree that before either party commences arbitration against the other (or initiates an action in small claims court if a party so elects), we will personally meet and confer telephonically or via videoconference, in a good faith effort to resolve informally any Dispute covered by this Arbitration Agreement (“Informal Dispute Resolution Conference”). If you are represented by counsel, your counsel may participate in the conference, but you will also participate in the conference. The party initiating a Dispute must give notice to the other party in writing of its intent to initiate an Informal Dispute Resolution Conference (“Notice”), which shall occur within 45 days after the other party receives such Notice, unless an extension is mutually agreed upon by the parties. Notice to Time that you intend to initiate an Informal Dispute Resolution Conference should be sent by email to legal@time.com or regular mail to our offices located at TIME USA LLC, TIME USA LLC, 1095 Sixth Avenue, New York, NY 10036, United States. Notice to you will be sent to your email address and/or street address that Time has on file or associated to your Time account profile. It is your responsibility to keep your contact information up to date. The Notice must include: (1) your name, telephone number, mailing address, e‐mail address associated with your account (if you have one); (2) the name, telephone number, mailing address and e‐mail address of counsel, if any; and (3) a description of the Dispute. The Informal Dispute Resolution Conference shall be individualized such that a separate conference must be held each time either party initiates a Dispute, even if the same law firm or group of law firms represents multiple users in similar cases, unless all parties agree; multiple individuals initiating a Dispute legal@time.comcannot participate in the same Informal Dispute Resolution Conference unless all parties agree. In the time between a party receiving the Notice and the Informal Dispute Resolution Conference, nothing in this Arbitration Agreement shall prohibit the parties from engaging in informal communications to resolve the initiating party’s Dispute. Engaging in the Informal Dispute Resolution Conference is a condition precedent and requirement that must be fulfilled before commencing arbitration. The statute of limitations and any filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the Informal Dispute Resolution Conference process required by this section. Waiver of Jury Trial. YOU AND TIME HEREBY WAIVE ANY CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO SUE IN COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY. You and Time are instead electing that all Disputes shall be resolved by arbitration under this Arbitration Agreement, except as specified in the subsection entitled “Applicability of Arbitration Agreement” above. There is no judge or jury in arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is subject to very limited review. Waiver of Class and Other Non-Individualized Relief. YOU AND TIME AGREE THAT, EXCEPT AS SPECIFIED IN THE “BATCH ARBITRATION” SUBSECTION BELOW, EACH OF US MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR COLLECTIVE BASIS, AND THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO HAVE ANY DISPUTE BE BROUGHT, HEARD, ADMINISTERED, RESOLVED, OR ARBITRATED ON A CLASS, COLLECTIVE, REPRESENTATIVE, OR MASS ACTION BASIS. ONLY INDIVIDUAL RELIEF IS AVAILABLE, AND DISPUTES OF MORE THAN ONE CUSTOMER OR USER CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY OTHER CUSTOMER OR USER. Subject to this Arbitration Agreement, the arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by the party's individual claim. Nothing in this paragraph is intended to, nor shall it, affect the terms and conditions under the subsection entitled “Batch Arbitration.” Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Arbitration Agreement, if a court decides by means of a final decision, not subject to any further appeal or recourse, that the limitations of this subsection, “Waiver of Class and Other Non-Individualized Relief,” are invalid or unenforceable as to a particular claim or request for relief (such as a request for public injunctive relief), you and Time agree that that particular claim or request for relief (and only that particular claim or request for relief) shall be severed from the arbitration and may be litigated in the state or federal courts located in New York County, New York. All other Disputes shall be arbitrated or litigated in small claims court. This subsection does not prevent you or Time from participating in a class-wide settlement of claims. Arbitration Procedures.If the Informal Dispute Resolution Process described above does not resolve satisfactorily within sixty (60) days after receipt of the Notice, you and Time agree that either party shall have the right to finally resolve the Dispute through binding arbitration. The arbitration will be administered by JAMS. Disputes involving claims, counterclaims, or requests for relief under $250,000, not inclusive of attorneys’ fees and interest, shall be subject to JAMS’s most current version of the Streamlined Arbitration Rules and procedures available at http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-streamlined-arbitration/; all other Disputes shall be subject to JAMS’s most current version of the Comprehensive Arbitration Rules and Procedures, available at http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-comprehensive-arbitration/. Any arbitration of a Dispute relating to your access to or use of the Site or Services, any products sold or distributed through the Site, or the Services, primarily for personal, family or household purposes shall also be subject to the allocation of arbitration costs and other requirements of the JAMS’ Policy On Consumer Arbitrations Pursuant to Pre-Dispute Clauses Minimum Standards of Procedural Fairness available at https://www.jamsadr.com/consumer-minimum-standards/ . JAMS’s rules are also available at www.jamsadr.com or by calling JAMS at 800-352-5267. A party who wishes to initiate arbitration must provide the other party with a request for arbitration (the “Request”). A Request to Time should be sent either by mail to TIME USA LLC, TIME USA LLC, 1095 Sixth Avenue, New York, NY 10036, United States or by email to legal@time.com . A Request to you will be sent to your email address and/or street address that Time has on file or associated to your Time account profile. It is your responsibility to keep your contact information up to date. The Request must include: (1) the name, telephone number, mailing address, e‐mail address of the party seeking arbitration and the account username (if applicable) as well as the email address associated with any applicable account; (2) a statement of the legal claims being asserted and the factual bases of those claims; (3) a description of the remedy sought and an accurate, good‐faith calculation of the amount in controversy in United States Dollars; (4) a statement certifying completion of the Informal Dispute Resolution process as described above; and (5) evidence that the requesting party has paid any necessary filing fees in connection with such arbitration. Unless you and Time otherwise agree, or the Batch Arbitration process discussed below is triggered, the arbitration will be conducted in the county where you reside. If JAMS is not available to arbitrate, the parties will select an alternative arbitral forum. Your responsibility to pay any JAMS fees and costs will be solely as set forth in the applicable JAMS rules. Arbitrator . The arbitrator will be either a retired judge or an attorney licensed to practice law in the state of New York and will be selected by the parties from JAMS’ roster of arbitrators with experience in consumer and/or internet industry disputes. If the parties are unable to agree upon an arbitrator within thirty-five (35) days of delivery of the Request, then JAMS will appoint the arbitrator in accordance with the applicable JAMS rules, provided that if the Batch Arbitration process is triggered, JAMS will appoint the arbitrator for each batch. Authority of Arbitrator. The arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to resolve any Dispute, including, without limitation, disputes arising out of or related to the interpretation or application of the Arbitration Agreement, including the enforceability, revocability, scope, or validity of the Arbitration Agreement or any portion of the Arbitration Agreement, except for the following: (1) all Disputes arising out of or relating to the subsection entitled “Waiver of Class and Other Non-Individualized Relief,” including any claim that all or part of the subsection entitled “Waiver of Class and Other Non-Individualized Relief” is unenforceable, illegal, void or voidable, or that such subsection entitled “Waiver of Class and Other Non-Individualized Relief” has been breached, shall be decided by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator; (2) except as expressly contemplated in the subsection entitled “Batch Arbitration,” all Disputes about the payment of arbitration fees shall be decided only by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator; (3) all Disputes about whether either party has satisfied any condition precedent to arbitration shall be decided only by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator; and (4) all Disputes about which version of the Arbitration Agreement applies shall be decided only by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator.The arbitration proceeding will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined with any other cases or parties, except as expressly provided in the subsection entitled “Batch Arbitration.” The arbitrator shall have the authority to grant motions dispositive of all or part of any Dispute. The arbitrator shall issue a written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any damages awarded. The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and us. Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. Attorneys’ Fees and Costs. The parties shall bear their own attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator finds that either the substance of the Dispute or the relief sought in the Request was frivolous or was brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)). Batch Arbitration. To increase the efficiency of administration and resolution of arbitrations, you and Time agree that in the event that there are one hundred (100) or more individual Requests of a substantially similar nature filed against Time by or with the assistance of the same law firm, group of law firms, or organizations, within a thirty (30) day period (or as soon as possible thereafter), JAMS shall (1) administer the arbitration demands in batches of 100 Requests per batch (plus, to the extent there are less than 100 Requests left over after the batching described above, a final batch consisting of the remaining Requests); (2) appoint one arbitrator for each batch; and (3) provide for the resolution of each batch as a single consolidated arbitration with one set of filing and administrative fees due per side per batch, one procedural calendar, one hearing (if any) in a place to be determined by the arbitrator, and one final award (“Batch Arbitration”). All parties agree that Requests are of a “substantially similar nature” if they arise out of or relate to the same event or factual scenario and raise the same or similar legal issues and seek the same or similar relief. To the extent the parties disagree on the application of the Batch Arbitration process, the disagreeing party shall advise JAMS, and JAMS shall appoint a sole standing arbitrator to determine the applicability of the Batch Arbitration process (“Administrative Arbitrator”). In an effort to expedite resolution of any such dispute by the Administrative Arbitrator, the parties agree that the Administrative Arbitrator may set forth such procedures as are necessary to resolve any disputes promptly. The Administrative Arbitrator’s fees shall be paid by Time. You and Time agree to cooperate in good faith with JAMS to implement the Batch Arbitration process including the payment of single filing and administrative fees for batches of Requests, as well as any steps to minimize the time and costs of arbitration, which may include: (1) the appointment of a discovery special master to assist the arbitrator in the resolution of discovery disputes; and (2) the adoption of an expedited calendar of the arbitration proceedings. This Batch Arbitration provision shall in no way be interpreted as authorizing a class, collective and/or mass arbitration or action of any kind, or arbitration involving joint or consolidated claims under any circumstances, except as expressly set forth in this provision. 30-Day Right to Opt Out. You have the right to opt out of the provisions of this Arbitration Agreement by filling out this form within thirty (30) days after first becoming subject to this Arbitration Agreement. Your notice must include your name and address, the email address you used to set up your Time account (if you have one), and an unequivocal statement that you want to opt out of this Arbitration Agreement. If you opt out of this Arbitration Agreement, all other parts of these Terms will continue to apply to you. Opting out of this Arbitration Agreement has no effect on any other arbitration agreements that you may currently have, or may enter in the future, with us. Invalidity, Expiration . Except as provided in the subsection entitled “Waiver of Class or Other Non-Individualized Relief” above, if any part or parts of this Arbitration Agreement are found under the law to be invalid or unenforceable, then such specific part or parts shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed and the remainder of the Arbitration Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. You and Time further agree that any Dispute must be initiated via arbitration within the applicable statute of limitation for that claim or controversy, or it will be forever time barred. Likewise, you and Time agree that all applicable statutes of limitation will apply to such arbitration in the same manner as those statutes of limitation would apply in the applicable court of competent jurisdiction.Modification . Notwithstanding any provision in these Terms to the contrary, we agree that if Time makes any future material change to this Arbitration Agreement, it will notify you. Unless you reject the change within thirty (30) days of such change become effective by writing to Time at legal@time.com , your continued use of the Sites and/or Services, including the acceptance of products and services offered on the Sites following the posting of changes to this Arbitration Agreement constitutes your acceptance of any such changes. Changes to this Arbitration Agreement do not provide you with a new opportunity to opt out of the Arbitration Agreement if you have previously agreed to a version of these Terms and did not validly opt out of arbitration. If you reject any change or update to this Arbitration Agreement, and you were bound by an existing agreement to arbitrate Disputes arising out of or relating in any way to your access to or use of the Services or of the Sites, any Communications you receive, any products sold or distributed through the Sites, the Services, or these Terms, the provisions of this Arbitration Agreement as of the date you first accepted the Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms) remain in full force and effect. Time will continue to honor any valid opt outs of the Arbitration Agreement that you made to a prior version of these Terms. Governing Courts . To the extent that the Dispute is not covered by any arbitration agreement between you and us, it shall proceed before the state or federal courts located in New York County, New York (except for small claims court actions which may be brought in the county where you reside). Survival . This Arbitration Agreement shall survive termination of these Terms. In the event of any Dispute you and we agree to send a written notice to the other providing a reasonable description of the Dispute, along with a proposed resolution of it. Our notice to you will be sent to you based on the email address and/or street address that Time has on file or associated to your Time account profile. It is your responsibility to keep your contact information up to date. Your notice to us must be sent to us at timeforeigndispute@time.com or to TIME USA LLC, 1095 Sixth Avenue, New York, NY 10036, United States. For a period of 60 days from the date of receipt of notice from the other party, TIME and you will engage in a dialogue in order to attempt to resolve the Dispute, though nothing will require either you or TIME to resolve the Dispute on terms either you or TIME, in each of our sole discretion, consider unsatisfactory. Nothing in this section will prevent a party from pursuing their Disputes in court or another complaint process. If you reside or have your place of business outside the U.S., these Terms will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with English law. The application of the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (CISG) is excluded. Nothing in the Terms shall deprive you of any mandatory protection you have under the law of the country where you live. If you are a consumer, you may bring a Dispute against us in a court within a jurisdiction according to the laws of your country of residence or before the competent courts in London, England. In addition, if your country of residence is in the EU, please note that Disputes may be submitted for online resolution to the European Commission Online Dispute Resolution platform. If you are acting as a business, you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in London, England. If you have any comments, queries or complaints about these Terms or our Services, please contact us at legal@time.com . You agree that, except as otherwise expressly provided in these Terms, there are not third-party beneficiaries to these Terms. These Terms, and policies incorporated herein, are the entire agreement between you and TIME. They supersede any and all prior or contemporaneous agreements between you and TIME relating to your use of the Sites or Services. If these Terms expire or are terminated for any reason, the provisions which by their nature should continue after termination including Proprietary Rights, Disclaimer of Warranties, Limitation of Liability, Your Legal Liability, Arbitration/Dispute Resolution For U.S. Residents, Dispute Resolution Non-U.S. Residents, No Rights of Third Parties, and Miscellaneous shall survive any such expiration or termination. If any provision of these Terms is declared or found by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator to be unlawful, unenforceable or void, such provision will be ineffective only to the extent that it is found unlawful, unenforceable or void, and the remainder of the provision and all other provisions will remain fully enforceable, except that if the Class Action Waiver for any Claim cannot be enforced, then the provision to arbitrate will not apply.You may not assign your rights under your TIME Account or this agreement to any third party without TIME’ prior written permission. TIME may assign these Terms, in whole or in part, at any time. Headings in the Terms are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect the interpretation or construction of this agreement. The failure of TIME to partially or fully exercise any rights or the waiver of TIME to enforce any breach of these Terms by you, shall not prevent a subsequent exercise of such right by TIME or be deemed a waiver by TIME of any subsequent breach by you of the same or any other term of these Terms. The rights and remedies of TIME under these Terms and any other applicable agreement between you and TIME shall be cumulative, and the exercise of any such right or remedy shall not limit TIME’ right to exercise any other right or remedy. In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between any of these Terms any other terms or conditions applicable to the Services, we shall determine which rules, restrictions, limitations, terms and/or conditions shall control and prevail in our sole discretion, and you specifically waive any right to challenge or dispute such determination. If you have any questions about these Terms , please email us at legal@time.com or write to us at: TIME USA LLC, 1095 Sixth Avenue, New York, NY 10036, United States.. When contacting us, please include your full name, address, phone number, and email address, and indicate the specific nature of your request or inquiry. For usage and/or reprint permission requests related to covers and articles, you can go here . For usage and/or permission requests related to video or anything else, please email us at syndication@time.com . For customers located in the United States or Canada with subscriber inquiries (including address changes and subscription cancellations), or any other Customer Care issues, please contact us at: TIME Customer Service P.O. Box 37508 Boone, IA 50037-0508 1-800-843-TIME (8463) You can also log into your account here , or email us at time-customerservice@time.com . If you are a customer located in Europe, Middle East, Africa or Latin America with a subscription inquiry , please contact us via email at time@subscription.co.uk or write to us at: Time Customer Service Tower House Lathkill Street Market Harborough Great Britain LE16 9EF If you are a customer located in Asia and South Pacific , please contact us via email at time@subscribenow.com.au . Last updated on May 15, 2023