Privacy on TIMVISION Web privacy policy & Cookies This Privacy Policy is intended to describe the management methods of this Site, with reference to the use of cookies and other tracking tools (hereinafter all referred to for simplicity as "cookies") and to the processing of personal data of users/visitors who consult it. This is an information provided, pursuant to Regulation 2016/679 / EU (General Data Protection Regulation - hereinafter GDPR), of article 122 of the Code regarding the protection of personal data (Legislative Decree 196/ 03, the so-called Privacy Code) and the General Provision of the Privacy Guarantor of 8 May 2014 regarding cookies, as integrated by the Guidelines of the Privacy Guarantor of 10 June 2021 regarding cookies and other tracking tools, to those who connect to the website www.timvision.it. This Privacy Policy is provided only for the site mentioned above (hereinafter "Site" or "this Site") and related possible subdomains, but not also for other websites that may be consulted by the user through specific links. The site indicated above is owned and managed by TIM S.p.A. TIM S.p.A. guarantees compliance with the legislation on the protection of personal data, in line with the provisions of the Code of Ethics of the Telecom Italia Group. Users/visitors are invited to carefully read this Privacy Policy before forwarding any type of personal information and/or filling in any electronic form on the Site as well as, in general terms, using the Site itself. Type of data processed and purpose of processing 1. Navigation data, information relating to access to authenticated areas and their conservation The computer systems and software procedures used to operate this Site acquire, during normal operation, some data which are implicitly transmitted in the use of Internet communication protocols. This is information that is not collected to be associated with identified interested parties, but which by their nature could, also through processing with data held by third parties, allow users/visitors to be identified (e.g. IP address, computer domain names used by users who connect to the Site, identifier, brand and model of the device and other parameters relating to the operating system of the device, the code indicating the response status of data from the server, type of browser, the identifier of the single session with time indications start and end of the browsing session, any identifier of the account and of the activities carried out on the Site, etc.). These data are used only for statistical purposes and to check the correct functioning of the Site. The data itself is kept for a maximum of six months, without prejudice to further conservation for any investigations of computer crimes against the Site or to respond to specific regulatory obligations. Furthermore, in case of access to any authenticated Area of ​​the Site, TIM S.p.A. will keep the user's personal data, including those relating to the access tracking logs and activities carried out in the Site's authenticated area, for a period of time not exceeding the achievement of the purposes for which they were collected or subsequently processed, as well as for the period established by law for administrative purposes, for the management of any complaints, disputes or criminal proceedings. No data deriving from the web service will be disclosed. 2. Cookies 2.1 General information on cookies Cookies are small text files that websites visited by users send to their devices (usually to the browser or a smartphone), where they are memorized before being re-transmitted to the same websites at each subsequent visit through the same device. Furthermore, each site can allow the transmission of the so-called "third-party" cookies, i.e. those generated by websites other than the one the user is visiting (through objects present therein such as banners, images, maps, sounds, specific links to web pages of other domains). Depending on their duration, they are divided into session cookies (i.e. temporary cookies that are automatically deleted from the terminal at the end of the browsing session by closing the browser) and persistent cookies (i.e. those that remain stored on the terminal until they expire or are canceled by the user). Cookies have different purposes.They are primarily used for the transmission of communication or to provide the service requested by the user; more precisely, they allow you to enable and optimize the functioning of the website, perform computer authentication and prevent abuse, monitor sessions, improve the user's browsing experience, for example by keeping the connection to restricted areas active while browsing through the site's pages without the need to re-enter User-Id and password and memorizing specific information concerning the users themselves (including preferences, the type of browser and computer used). They can also be used (anonymously, if from third parties) to carry out aggregate analyzes on the functioning of the site, the number of users and how they visit the site. The aforementioned cookies are called "technical" (the user's consent is not required for their use), as without them some of the aforementioned operations could not be performed or would be more complex and/or less secure. Otherwise, if the cookies are used for other purposes, typically for behavioral analysis also through the tracking of the authenticated user through the use of different devices and sending personalized promotional-advertising messages (so-called "profiling" cookies) or even just to obtain, through services also provided by third parties, information in aggregate form on the number of users and how they visit the site (so-called "analytics cookies"), the user's consent is required (unless the analytics third-party cookies have not been made anonymous). In fact, before sending these cookies to the terminal, in accordance with current legislation, when you access the home page or other page of the site, a banner is immediately shown in the foreground with an initial summary information on the use of cookie and on the request for consent, which the user can lend by clicking on the "accept" button or refuse by clicking on the "X" placed in the upper right. Alternatively, the user can click on the dedicated management panel (also called CMP - Cookie-Consent Management Platform) to specifically set consent based on the desired cookies. In any case, cookies can only be read or modified by the website that generated them; they cannot be used to retrieve any data from the user's terminal and cannot transmit computer viruses. Some of the functions of cookies can also be performed by other technologies; therefore, in the context of this web privacy policy, the term "cookie" refers to cookies and all similar technologies. 2.2 Use of first-party cookies on this site This site may use session cookies and persistent cookies. The types of cookies directly generated by this Site are: "technical" cookies, used for: a) the execution of online purchases of services/products (management of the "shopping cart" by memorizing the selected products) and the related payments; b) authentication and management of a browsing session (for example, to identify and validate the user for access to the Reserved Area); c) security purposes (e.g. to take into account the number of failed logins by identifying possible abuses in authentication and preventing fraud); d) customization of the user interface (e.g. to record the preferences expressed by the user such as language, currency, page display format, connection area); e) better usability of the site and its audio-visual contents; f) the correct functioning of the connection (e.g. directing user requests between multiple servers in an appropriate manner) "analytics" cookies, directly managed and used by TIM S.p.A. to collect aggregate information/statistics on the number of users and how they visit this Site. 2.3 Cookie analytics TIM S.p.A. uses web measurement services to collect aggregate information/statistics on the number of users and how they visit this Site. Specifically, the Google Analytics service provided by the company Google LLC is used, configured in such a way that these analytics cookies are equivalent to technical cookies, in accordance with the Guidelines of 10 June 2021 of the Privacy Guarantor.2.4 Cookie encoding criteria and retention times The semantic encoding criteria and retention times envisaged for each cookie are: Cookie Functionality Type Duration aglCookie Technical First part Session aglSession Technical First part 30 days aglDeviceId Technical First part 365 days aglLabel Technical First part 365 days aglUser Technical First part 365 days avs_cookie Technical First part 30 minutes cookiesession1 Technical First part Session ipaCode Technical First part Session AMCV_* Web measurement First part 730 days AMCVS_* Web measurement First part Session s_cc Web measurement First part Session s_ppy Web measurement First part Session s_ips Web measurement First part Session s_tp Web measurement First part Session s_ppvc Web measurement First part Session demdex Web measurement Third part 180 days dpm Web measurement Third part 180 days everest_g_v2 Web measurement Third part 365 days test_cookie Web measurement Third part 14 minutes __cf_bm Web measurement Third party 30 minutes 2.5 Management of cookie choices Cookies can be managed by the user through their browser. Browser settings The user/visitor can manage their cookie preferences through the functions present in common browsers (Internet Explorer, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, Apple Safari), which allow you to delete/remove cookies (all or some) or to change the settings of the browser itself in order to block the sending of cookies or to limit it to specific sites (compared to others). It is possible to find out how to configure the browser settings (usually accessible from the "Tools" bar) by going to the "Support" web pages of the suppliers of the aforementioned browsers (which can also be identified using a common search engine). Disabling cookies does not in itself preclude the use of the services of the Website; however, if all cookies are deleted/blocked, including technical ones, some operations could not be performed or would be more complex and/or less secure, such as, for example, for carrying out activities within Reserved Areas of the Site (the In fact, cookies make it possible to carry out and maintain user identification within the session). 3. Data provided voluntarily by users/visitors If users/visitors, connecting to this site, send their personal data to access certain services, or to make requests by e-mail or by filling in web forms, this involves the acquisition by TIM S.p.A. of the sender's address and/or any other personal data that will be used exclusively to respond to the request, or for the provision of the service. The personal data provided by users/visitors will be communicated to third parties only if the communication is necessary to comply with the requests of the users/visitors themselves. Methods of treatment The treatment is carried out through IT and telematic tools and/or manually for the time strictly necessary to achieve the purposes for which the data were collected and in any case, in compliance with the regulatory provisions in force on the subject. Optional provision of data Apart from that specified for navigation data, users/visitors are free to provide their personal data. Failure to provide such data can only make it impossible to obtain what has been requested. Owner, Data Protection Officer and categories of persons authorized to process data in TIM S.p.A. The Data Controller is TIM S.p.A., with registered office in Via Gaetano Negri, 1 - 20123 Milan. TIM has appointed a Data Protection Officer, who can be contacted at TIM at the following address: via Gaetano Negri, no. 1 - 20123 Milan; or by sending an e-mail to: dpo.clienticonsumer.tim@telecomitalia.it. The updated list of contact details of the Data Protection Officer can be consulted on the website www.gruppotim.it. The data of users/visitors of this Site will be processed by employees of TIM S.p.A., who have been appointed persons authorized to process personal data and have received adequate operating instructions in this regard. Rights of interested parties Users/visitors have the right to access data concerning them at any time and to exercise the other rights provided for by articles 15 to 22 of the GDPR (eg.request the origin of the data, the rectification of inaccurate or incomplete data, the limitation of treatment, cancellation or oblivion, data portability, as well as oppose their use for legitimate reasons), by contacting the telephone number 187 free of charge (for fixed network consumer customers), 119 (for mobile network consumer customers). Finally, users/visitors have the right to lodge a complaint with the Guarantor for the protection of personal data. For further information on privacy and to consult the always updated text of the information provided by TIM to customers, click here TIM S.p.A. Edition: 9 December 2021 Privacy on TIMVISION TIMVISION legal notes SIAE license on TIMVISION On TIMVISION you will always find something to watch, movies, TV series, programs, news, sports and much more, to watch without limits, wherever and whenever you want.