Contact OnConnect Lookup APIs Overview Gracenote provides a wide range of entertainment information, including TV and movie schedules, comprehensive program information, and detailed celebrity details The Data Delivery APIs now provide simple read-only access to this up-to-date entertainment information. Additional services, such as Online Video and Social APIs and Media Cloud , can provide integration points for an even richer user entertainment experience. Audience This document is intended for developers who want to integrate the Gracenote APIs into their websites and applications. It assumes you are familiar with the basic concepts of APIs, HTTP request methods, JSON format, and the REST style of software architecture. Accessing the APIs To use the Data Delivery APIs, use the following base URI for all API calls: Here is a sample call to get US lineups for zipcode 78701: Note that resource and parameter values which you pass to the APIs are case-sensitive. Response format Responses for Data Delivery APIs are currently delivered in JSON format only. Responses for Online Video Data APIs are currently delivered in XML format only. Please know that we are working on conversions for both APIs, so you won't have to remember the above, and can request either API response in JSON or XML. It will make us happier too! JSONP Support For client-side programming, responses can be delivered in JSONP format by appending parameter jsonp=. You will need to include dataType JSONP in the jquery get call. For example, to wrap response in a callback function named 'handleLineups', the sample call would be: GZip Support To improve performance, we recommend requesting compressed responses using gzip. Add the following to the request header to enable gzip compression on responses: Resources Our APIs are organized around basic entertainment entities, such as lineups, programs, and, airings. APIs can return single entities, called resources , or a list of entities, called collections . All data is returned in JSON format. The Data Delivery APIs provide read-only access to the following resources: Lineups : listing of available channel/stations, by geographic area and provider Stations : TV stations and related channels available in a lineup Programs : individual programs (TV shows, movies, sports events) Series : serialized programs (episodic TV shows, miniseries, talk shows) Movies : theatrical-release and made-for-TV movies Sports : program information specific to sports genre Celebrities : detailed personal information for celebrities Important Gracenote Terms The following definitions will help you understand the IDs and data structure of Gracenote's curated entertainment metadata. All programs are assigned both a tmsId and a rootId. TV series and episodes also have seriesId. tmsId – Unique ID for a program (show, movie, sports). This ID is a 14-character alphanumeric field; it is the primary key of the program record, and is used to relate the program to TV schedules and Movie Showtimes. It is specific to a program’s title, description language, and version. The tmsId is the industry’s gold standard for recognizing and synchronizing entertainment assets.The first two letters of the tmsId indicate entity type: SH = Show - includes TV specials, one-time shows, and series (non-episode-specific information) EP = Episode - TV show episodes; metadata includes season number, episode number, and episode title; relates back to parent using a seriesId MV = Movie - includes both theatrical releases and made-for-television films rootId – This numeric ID is used to identify all related program records with different title, description language, and version. seriesId – This numeric ID is equivalent to the rootId of series' parent program record. Only TV series programs (SH header record and EP episode records) will include seriesId. Sample IDs for programs of each type: (Note that this is a small sample of program type information. For more detailed information, see Program Metadata .) seriesId rootId tmsId title episodeTitle eventTitle descLang entityType 185044 185044 SH006883590000 House --- --- en Show 185044 3056194 EP006883590001 House Pilot --- en Episode 185044 3056196 EP006883590003 House Paternity --- en Episode --- 3542039 MV002523450000 Avatar --- --- en Movie --- 3542039 MV003268290000 Avatar: An IMAXExperience --- --- en Movie version 9 as of by Raimond Docs NavigationContact OnConnect APIs Documentation Click on the APIs listed in the Docs Navigation menu at left to view the associated Documentation. Data Delivery APIs Data Delivery APIs give you up-to-date entertainment information - TV schedules, movie information, celebrity profiles - via a simple and straightforward set of interfaces. Our new APIs serve up reliable and comprehensive metadata, when you want it and how you want it, all backed by the industry-leading Gracenote On® entertainment database. Online Video and Social APIs Use Online Video and Social APIs to integrate online and over-the-top (OTT) video content and capabilities into your video product offerings. Access curated links to thousands of online videos thoroughly indexed and synced to TMS's Unique IDs. Easily include relevant links to popular social media sites for TV and movie content. Media Cloud Media Cloud provides on-demand, web-scale delivery of entertainment images to Gracenote customers. Our service is based on a scalable and highly reliable image-serving platform that has served billions of images to end users. API FAQ Visit our FAQ page to learn more about the ins and outs of the OnConnect APIs by Gracenote. API Key Registration Ready to build something great? Request a key in order to receive access to our APIs. Terms and Conditions Before you can use the OnConnect APIs you must agree to the Terms and Conditions . version 59 as of by seandwilliams Docs Navigation