Skip to main content Enable accessibility for visually impaired Open the accessibility menu Open the Accessible Navigation Menu Media is more complex than ever. Discover the future of cross-media measurement with Nielsen ONE. Type Topic Explore what consumers are watching, playing and listening to around the world. Solutions Insights About Search Client Login Global Video Data Overview Powering TV & video guide, search and discovery experiences Today, we are experiencing an explosion of video content with more playback mediums than ever before. As the number of ways to enjoy TV shows, movies, live sports and news programs around the world continues to increase, it is more important than ever to promote TV and video content in engaging and informative ways to viewers. Access to local TV schedules and descriptive data for movies and shows on a global scale is critical for today’s entertainment providers to power their platforms and expand their international footprints. Gracenote Global Video Data is the definitive collection of aggregated, normalized international video data, imagery and IDs. That’s why top entertainment brands and platforms around the world rely on Gracenote to power their guide, search and discovery experiences, empowering audiences to find and enjoy their favorite shows. Gracenote Global Video Data includes aggregate, normalized information and imagery for millions of programs across linear and streaming around the globe. Gracenote’s editorial teams adhere to rigorous guidelines to ensure the highest standards in data quality and reliability worldwide. A standard data format and Gracenote IDs (TMS) enable connections between TV schedule and on-demand content, turbo-charging content search and discovery experiences for viewers. Features Empower viewers to find content they love In-depth data Power interfaces and discovery engines with aggregated global TV Listings and editorially-crafted TV and Movie Data- program details for shows and movies, including series, seasons and episode-level details. Unique IDs Link content catalogs and TV listings with Gracenote IDs (TMS), making DVR recordings and universal searches easier. Rich imagery Help viewers instantly recognize old favorites and find new programs with stunning images for TV shows, movies, celebrities and channels. Global coverage The leading trusted source for standardized worldwide TV listings and video metadata, Gracenote’s Global Video Data coverage spans 85 countries and 35 languages. Use cases Create informative and visually rich TV & video guide and discovery experiences for audiences TV & video platforms Create informationally rich and visually stunning TV and video guides and interfaces and power search, discovery and recommendations for viewers around the world. • Develop EPGs and video guides to drive viewer tune-in to programming.• Enable viewers to more easily search for their favorite shows across streaming and linear sources, as well as browse and discover new content to enjoy.• Engage audiences with content, keeping them on your platform and reducing subscriber churn.• Expand your platform to new markets, leveraging a unified, normalized video data set with robust local coverage.• Leverage a foundational Gracenote video data set, facilitating ease of integrating additional Gracenote entertainment data sets to further enrich search and discovery. Automakers Give passengers the ability to search for, discover, and enjoy TV, movies, and other video content while in the car. • Integrate TV show and movie information into front and rear-seat entertainment systems.• Help passengers easily find the specific TV shows and movies they want to watch, with descriptive program details and rich imagery.• Curate carousels based on trip, charging times, or who is in the car. Broadcasters Allow drivers and passengers to discover and enjoy your station’s programming. Answers critical questions like: • How do I keep listeners connected to my station when they are out of my broadcast reach?• Can categories help new listeners find my station?• How can radio compete with other streaming audio services in the car today?• How can I increase my impressions, time listening and advertising revenue? Broadcasters Allow drivers and passengers to discover and enjoy your station’s programming. Answers critical questions like: • How do I keep listeners connected to my station when they are out of my broadcast reach?• Can categories help new listeners find my station?• How can radio compete with other streaming audio services in the car today?• How can I increase my impressions, time listening and advertising revenue? Coverage Unparalleled coverage for all of your content metadata needs Gracenote provides global and local content solutions in key regions across the Americas, Asia-Pacific, Europe, the Middle East and Africa.Gracenote Global Video Data coverage spans 85+ countries/territories globally in 35+ applicable languages. Our products can help you and your business Enhance viewer engagement with TV show and movie video data sets powering the next generation of guides, recommendation… Read more : Advanced Discovery Suite Deliver in-depth sports data, including schedules, scores, statistics and team and player information for the world’s… Read more : Global Sports Data Give entertainment providers the power to let audiences seamlessly discover and access the programs they love –… Read more : Streaming Video Suite Let’s discuss your business needs Empty heading Contact us postid How can we help? * First name * Last name * Business email address * Job title * Company * Location * Industry * Comments: Newsletter Opt-in Yes! Sign me up for insights and news that count in Nielsen's weekly newsletter. Marketing communications opt-in Sign me up! I want to stay ahead of media's evolution with emails on the latest trends and insights, Nielsen/Gracenote content, products, events, and more! newsletter By clicking or tapping the button and sharing your contact information with us, you acknowledge that you have read our Privacy Statement and that you consent to receiving communications about Nielsen's business, products/services, and events that may be of interest to you. However, if you ever change your mind, you can unsubscribe from our communications by following the instructions within the email that you receive from us. If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty. Stay in the loop Keep up-to-date with our weekly newsletter, Media Pulse. email * By clicking on 'Subscribe', I agree to Nielsen's Privacy Notice and Terms of Use . If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty. Copyright © 2023 The Nielsen Company (US), LLC. All Rights Reserved. 粤ICP备17078252号 | 粤公网安备44010402001179号 | 上海尼尔森市场研究有限公司广州分公司 Contact us Find the right solution for your business In an ever-changing world, we’re here to help you stay ahead of what’s to come with the tools to measure, connect with, and engage your audiences. How can we help? postid How can we help? * First name * Last name * Business email address * Job title * Company * Location * Industry * Comments: Newsletter Opt-in Yes! Sign me up for insights and news that count in Nielsen's weekly newsletter. Marketing communications opt-in Sign me up! I want to stay ahead of media's evolution with emails on the latest trends and insights, Nielsen/Gracenote content, products, events, and more! newsletter By clicking or tapping the button and sharing your contact information with us, you acknowledge that you have read our Privacy Statement and that you consent to receiving communications about Nielsen's business, products/services, and events that may be of interest to you. However, if you ever change your mind, you can unsubscribe from our communications by following the instructions within the email that you receive from us. If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty. Cookie Settings Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.Personalized Advertising Cookies Personalized Advertising Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Performance Cookies Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label 33Across host description View Cookies 33Across View Privacy NoticeSkip to main content Enable accessibility for visually impaired Open the accessibility menu Open the Accessible Navigation Menu Media is more complex than ever. Discover the future of cross-media measurement with Nielsen ONE. Type Topic Explore what consumers are watching, playing and listening to around the world. Solutions Insights About Search Client Login Please choose your language or country from the drop down menu Our privacy principles Last updated: May 2023 Consumer privacy is a top priority for Nielsen and the Nielsen group of companies as we operate together around the world. You can learn more about the Nielsen group of companies here . Nielsen believes in responsible data collection, use, and stewardship. Our services and products primarily rely on demographic and aggregated data from which we cannot directly identify people. We deploy consumer-friendly privacy controls that are easy to find and easy to use and maintain appropriate limits on access to data about specific individuals where we hold it. Our internal policies and procedures conform to applicable laws and industry standards around the globe, and we implement the principle of Privacy by Design—a commitment to include appropriate privacy protections in the design and implementation of our products and services—to ensure that we are continually striving to improve our own practices and maintain a high standard for our business. Please review the information below to learn more about Nielsen’s overarching privacy principles. For more specific information related to individual products or services, please review that product or service specific privacy notice. Nielsen's privacy principles include: When developing our products and services, we implement appropriate technical and organizational measures into our data processing activities and embed data protection into operational processes from the start to adhere to privacy principles described below. We are committed to responsible stewardship of the data under our control and to compliance with all applicable privacy laws that regulate the collection, use, and disclosure of data about individual people. Nielsen’s internal privacy team oversees compliance with applicable privacy laws, self-regulatory programs that we participate in, and our internal privacy policies. We use tools and methods designed to prevent individuals from being identifiable in our reports and insights, and we take steps to prevent the data we collect from being reused in ways that have not been communicated to individuals and/or could negatively affect them. Nielsen participates in the IAB Transparency and Consent Framework (TCF) to facilitate compliance with requirements of relevant privacy laws in the European Union (EU) and United Kingdom (UK) and the following self-regulatory programs specifically for our integrated Nielsen Marketing Cloud platform: The Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA): We adhere to the DAA’s self-regulatory principles for online behavioral advertising, including the DAA’s application of self-regulatory principles to the mobile environment.The European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA): We adhere to the European Principles.The Network Advertising Initiative (NAI): We adhere to the NAI Code of Conduct. Nielsen collects personal data from: Our panelists and prospective panelists—individuals and households who agree contractually to participate in one or more of Nielsen’s panels.People we contact with regard to Nielsen surveys conducted online, in person, by telephone, email or postal mail.Website browsers, mobile, and other devices that are measured by our digital and mobile products, or segmented into audiences for online or mobile advertisements by Nielsen Marketing Cloud.Visitors to our websites and people who contact us via our websites, via email, or other means. Public sources - about the public activities of certain public figures, such as professional athletes or actors.Publicly available social media posts, for products that measure online reaction to video content, products, and brands.Our employees, contractors, and business contacts at other companies in the course of conducting our business. For more information, and a list of the categories of information we collect, please refer to the privacy notice for the specific product or service. We provide clear notice about what data we collect and how we use it. We offer choices about our data collection at a time and in a context that reflect the sensitivity of the data being collected. Panelists and survey respondents agree to the collection and processing of their data and may withdraw their participation at any time. Individuals also have the ability to opt-out of our online and mobile data collection at any time. We are continually working to maintain the personal data we collect so that it is complete, accurate, relevant and up to date.Many privacy laws require companies to establish a lawful basis for their uses of personal data. While Nielsen has established different lawful bases for different types of processing, in almost all cases our basis for processing personal data will be one of the following: Performance of a contract: Nielsen operates its research panels and conducts surveys on the basis of a contract - a panel membership or market research agreement between Nielsen and our research subjects. For many panels, these agreements cover all members of a household, because market research practices often require analysis of data at a household level.Consent: Where Nielsen bases its processing of personal data on consent, we may seek consent directly from individuals or, where Nielsen acts as a data processor (a service provider to another company), we may rely on consent obtained by the data controller (a third party who typically has a direct relationship with the individual and obtains consent). Legitimate interests: In some cases, we may base the processing of personal data on our legitimate interest in performing market research or other services, because of its benefits in improving the efficiency of our clients and the markets in which they operate. Where we rely on this as our basis for processing, we make sure our activity is appropriately balanced by strong privacy protections designed to minimize the risks to data subjects. Where Nielsen does not rely on one of the above bases for processing, we may process your data for a variety of business purposes, including: Performing services.Internal research and technology development.Verifying or maintaining the quality or safety of a service or device that we own, manufacture, or we control. Following the concept of data minimization, we limit the collection of personal data to the extent possible while still enabling us to derive meaningful and accurate measurements and insights. We do this by: Using direct identifiers, limiting access to such information both internally and externally, and implementing appropriate data security measures, which are designed to protect individuals’ privacy.Reviewing third party’s data collection practices and the privacy notices that are made available to individuals to make sure that our use of the data is consistent with the commitments those companies have made to individuals.Removing identifying elements from the data that we collect and taking steps to prevent the data from being re-associated with identifiable data. We restrict access to and use of personal data to Nielsen associates and service providers with a legitimate business purpose. We have established records retention policies to limit how long we keep personal data. Under applicable law, individuals have certain privacy rights. These rights may include an individual’s right to request access, correction, deletion, or confirm the processing of their personal data. Individuals may also have the right to manage their consent for particular uses of their data, including the right to: opt-out of targeted, or cross-context behavioral advertising, profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects, and the sale or sharing of personal data; and limit our use of their sensitive personal data. Nielsen is committed to supporting individual rights and carrying out our legal obligations. Nielsen does not discriminate against individuals who exercise their rights under applicable law. For more detailed information on individual privacy rights, refer to the privacy notices associated with specific Nielsen products and services. If, based on your review of these Principles and the applicable privacy notice(s), you wish to exercise one or more of the rights described above, you can submit a request using the form here or contact us at privacy.department@nielsen.com . Please note that we may require proof of your identity before we can give effect to these rights. If we refuse to take action on your request, you may have the right to appeal that decision depending on your state of residence. You may make such an appeal by submitting the required information here . Individuals that have questions or concerns about Nielsen's collection and processing of personal data can contact our EU Data Protection Officer at privacy.department@nielsen.com . Individuals that are dissatisfied with the way Nielsen has processed personal data or any privacy query or request that they have raised to us have the right to complain to the Supervisory Authority in their country of residence or the location where the issue that is the subject of the complaint occurred. The contact details of all the EU national Supervisory Authorities can be found by visiting: EU National Data Protection Authorities . We comply with applicable laws regarding the collection of data about minors.When we collect personal data from minors (U18) , we do so with parental consent, which can be withdrawn at any time. We respect applicable local laws regarding cross-border transfers of and access to personal data. Personal data collected may be disclosed to clients and service providers under contract. We contractually prohibit our clients from re-identifying individuals from the de-identified data that we provide them (e.g., audience statistics). Furthermore, we contractually prohibit recipients of our data from using it to make decisions regarding credit, insurance, housing, employment or other legal effects on individuals. We contractually require service providers that have access to our data to keep it secure and use it to perform only the services they have been engaged to provide. We will provide data to government and law enforcement entities to the extent required by applicable law, to protect Nielsen’s legal interests and, where needed, to protect the health or safety of others. For more specific information on data disclosures related to individual products or services, please review that product or service specific privacy notice. We implement multi-layered organizational, technical and administrative measures that are designed to protect the personal data under our control. These include, among other things: limiting access to data; using technology measures like firewalls, encryption, malware protection and intrusion detection; maintaining policies that are aligned to a wide variety of legal requirements; and holding our associates accountable for maintaining safe data-handling practices and adhering to our internal policies. We have a global organization of qualified information security professionals and engage in regular system testing and updating of our controls to keep pace with changing technology and security threats. Personal data will only be kept as long as necessary to meet Nielsen’s business needs while complying with legal and governmental obligations. We are committed to respecting the diverse cultures and local laws of the countries in which we operate. We may change these Privacy Principles from time to time. We will always indicate the date the last changes were published. If you have any comments or questions regarding this Privacy Statement, please contact us at privacy.department@nielsen.com . You may also send us a letter to the following addresses: From EU countries: ATTN: Legal Dept. Nielsen Ireland 14 Riverwalk, National Digital Park Citywest Business Campus Dublin 24 D24 XN32 From other countries: ATTN: Legal Dept. Nielsen 675 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10010 USA Additional privacy information For Nielsen For Gracenote Need more help? Privacy questions can be submitted by email to: privacy.department@nielsen.com Stay in the loop Keep up-to-date with our weekly newsletter, Media Pulse. email * By clicking on 'Subscribe', I agree to Nielsen's Privacy Notice and Terms of Use . If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty. Copyright © 2023 The Nielsen Company (US), LLC. All Rights Reserved. 粤ICP备17078252号 | 粤公网安备44010402001179号 | 上海尼尔森市场研究有限公司广州分公司 Contact us Find the right solution for your business In an ever-changing world, we’re here to help you stay ahead of what’s to come with the tools to measure, connect with, and engage your audiences. How can we help? postid How can we help? * First name * Last name * Business email address * Job title * Company * Location * Industry * Comments: Newsletter Opt-in Yes! Sign me up for insights and news that count in Nielsen's weekly newsletter. Marketing communications opt-in Sign me up! I want to stay ahead of media's evolution with emails on the latest trends and insights, Nielsen/Gracenote content, products, events, and more! newsletter By clicking or tapping the button and sharing your contact information with us, you acknowledge that you have read our Privacy Statement and that you consent to receiving communications about Nielsen's business, products/services, and events that may be of interest to you. However, if you ever change your mind, you can unsubscribe from our communications by following the instructions within the email that you receive from us. If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty. Cookie Settings Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Personalized Advertising Cookies Personalized Advertising Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Performance Cookies Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label 33Across host description View Cookies 33Across View Privacy NoticeNielsen Marketing Cloud Services Privacy Statement | Nielsen Please choose your language or country from the drop down menu Nielsen Marketing Cloud Services Privacy Statement (US) Updated: December 2022 Nielsen Marketing Cloud (" NMC ", " we ", or " us ") is committed to protecting your privacy and processing personal information in an open and transparent manner. This Privacy Statement describes the way in which we collect and process personal information in connection with our services (referred to herein as " personal information "). For the purposes of this Privacy Statement, "personal information" includes information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household (" data subject ", or " you "). This Privacy Statement also outlines your choices and legal rights in relation to your personal information. The practices described in this Privacy Statement are undertaken by Nielsen Holdings Limited providing Nielsen Marketing Cloud Services (NMC) in the United States. This Privacy Statement only applies to personal information that is processed by NMC for the provision of its services. Any personal information obtained by NMC from website publishers or third parties who share information with NMC. As the services offered by these third parties are not owned and controlled by NMC, we encourage you to review the privacy statements of each platform, website, and mobile application ("mobile app") that you access or use to learn how third parties may use their data. NMC collects data from multiple sources, including: online advertiser and publisher (collectively, our "Clients") websites, mobile apps, and devices (including laptops and mobile devices such as smartphones);data partners (as explained in the ‘Sources of personal information’ section below); andwhen you participate in an online quiz hosted by VisualDNA, a Nielsen owned business. This data is sorted into categories based on demographics, interests, and preferences and made available to our Clients. Our Clients use the data we provide to carry out tailored advertising and to provide a more relevant advertising experience to consumers. We collect pseudonymous data, distinguished from the personal information described above, that does not directly identify consumers. This data includes the following: Desktop: IP address, cookie ID, hashed email address; browser type, language, access times, pages visited, and referring website addresses. Mobile Device: IP address, Cookie ID, hashed email address, device type and model, mobile browser, operating system, carrier name and identifiers assigned to your device, such as an Apple IDFA and Google Advertising ID. We also collect the approximate geographic area (i.e. country, city, town, district) derived from your IP address or geolocation information of your mobile device if location services have been enabled. We may collect your name and email address to respond a request or action an opt out request. For example, if you submit a request under the Your Legal Rights section or an opt-out request under the 'Your Choices' section below. By submitting your details for these purposes, you are consenting to Nielsen using your information in this way. We collect information about your computer and/or mobile device online activity via the technologies described below: Application Software Development Kits ("SDKs"). An SDK is a piece of code within a mobile app that allows us to collect device data. This data includes a mobile advertising identifier (i.e., an Apple IDFA or Google Advertising ID), IP address, access time, approximate geographic area and data regarding the use of mobile apps on the device;Cookies. Cookies are small text files that are stored on a user’s browser and can be accessed by web servers when the browser returns to a website or goes to another website. We use cookies to gather data about a user’s visit to a website (e.g., number of visits, average time spent, pages viewed, navigation history through the website, and other statistics); Pixel tags. Pixel tags are small strings of code that are used to generate the cookie described above; andServer-to-server connection. We obtain data, such as an IP address, or unique device ID, that relates to users' browsers and/or mobile devices, from other online and offline third-party sources directly through connections to their servers and other secure data transfer methods. NMC collects the information above from the sources detailed below.Website Owners – We use our technology on websites owned by companies with advertising space to gather data about a user’s visit to a website (e.g., number of visits, average time spent, pages viewed, navigation history through the website, and other statistics).Mobile App Developers/Owners - We obtain data from mobile apps which are made available to us by mobile app developers or owners. This data may be automatically transmitted to us via an SDK, as outlined above, or provided to us in an offline file format. VisualDNA - We obtain data from you when you participate in an online quiz hosted by VisualDNA, which is a Nielsen owned business.Third Party Data Providers – We obtain data from companies that may not have a direct relationship with you but combine data from multiple sources (e.g. publishers and websites). These data providers share aggregated data with their clients for purposes of data analytics that support behavioral and targeted online advertising. In this section we outline the purposes for which we process personal information for the provision of our services to our Clients. We use data obtained from the different sources described above to build profiles for advertising purposes. More specifically, we provide insights to our clients by grouping this data into various categories based on demographics, interests, and/or preferences (e.g., women in the New York region aged between 20 and 40 who are likely to be interested in fashion and certain clothing items). We do this by using data about your visits to different websites to make inferences about the types of ads and content that may be of interest to you. We also process data to create segments (i.e., categories of users grouped by common traits or preferences such as lifestyle and leisure, entertainment, technology). These segments enable our clients to deliver more effective, relevant and specific advertising via web browsers and mobile apps to data subjects with matching profiles. Our Clients identify the categories of individuals to whom they wish to target specific ads, and we provide them with device or advertising identifiers that match those categories, which they or their partners (e.g., advertising agencies) can then use to deliver ads. As required under the NAI Code, we disclose standard interest segments that are based on health related information or interests and political information or interests that we make available for our Clients. For the creation of such segments, we do not process sensitive information (i.e. data related to past, current or future health status). We also carry out cross device matching , which means we use data to make a deterministic or statistical match of mobile device advertising identifiers and cookie identifiers. For example, we or our partners may match a user’s device if the user logs in to the same online service on multiple devices or web browsers or if the user’s devices share similar attributes that support an inference that they belong to the same user. This allows a data subject to be associated with the same attributes across multiple devices. Our clients use this information to present relevant advertising across these devices. Neither NMC, nor our Clients have an intention to identify the data subject whose personal information is processed for this purpose. We also process personal information for our internal business purposes, as outlined below: Product Development: to develop new products and to improve our existing products and services.Corporate transactions: In the event of a contemplated or actual reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business or assets or stock, personal information may be used for the purposes of preparing and completing this transaction.Legal obligations: We may use personal information where we are required to do so by law, for instance for the purposes of assessing and responding to legal and regulatory requests (including investigations, audits, accounting and financial matters), or where we consider it necessary to enforce, exercise or defend legal rights or claims. Handling and responding to your requests: If a consumer asks us questions about their personal information or exercises any of their legal rights, we will use that consumer’s personal information to assess and respond to such requests. We will share your personal information for different purposes, as described below: With our Clients for the purposes referred to in this Privacy Statement. The sharing of personal information with our clients is a key part of how we provide our services to them. For example, we share information described in 'Types of personal information collected' with our Clients that match the categories of consumers they wish to target specific ads to.We share data with third parties that provide services to us , such as system hosting, management and support; data backup; and security and storage services. We exercise appropriate due diligence in the selection of third party service providers, and require that such providers maintain adequate technical and organizational security measures to safeguard personal information, and to process personal information only as instructed by us or a member of the group and for no other purposes. We share data within the Nielsen group of companies to allow Nielsen’s media measurement business to provide more detailed reports for Nielsen’s other customers. For example, Nielsen Marketing Cloud cookie data allows Nielsen to let its advertising customers know whether consumers who clicked on an ad tend to fit into segments of inferred commercial interests, such as an interest in sports, gardening, or cars. This helps Nielsen’s customers refine their advertising and other marketing-related communications. We may share data if we have a legal obligation to do so or where we believe it is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of our business or any person. In the event of a corporate transaction , such as a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceeding), all data collected or maintained by us may be shared with relevant third parties. Some recipients listed in the "How personal information is shared" section above may not be located in your home country. In such cases, we ensure that the recipient is located in a country which is considered to provide an adequate level of protection for personal information. We maintain physical, technical, and organizational security measures to protect personal information against accidental, unlawful, or unauthorised destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure, or access, wherever it is processed. We use generally-accepted industry security standards including physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards that are designed to help protect the data that we collect, use, and retain. Our products and services are not designed for or directed at children. We do not knowingly solicit, collect, or maintain personal information from children under the age of 18. Similarly, we prohibit third parties from whom we receive personal information from providing us with personal information from websites and mobile apps directed at children or from knowingly sharing with us data relating to children. If we become aware that we have collected or received personal information relating to a child, we will take reasonable steps to delete it. We ensure that your personal information will not be stored longer than is necessary to fulfil our business purposes. NMC stores cookies for a maximum duration of 120 days on websites where our cookie is present. However, we cease to use personal information collected from such a cookie 45 days after the last related device activity (e.g. if you do not visit the website where the cookie was placed). We retain aggregated pseudonymized cookie data to support the improvement of our products and services for up to 13 months. As described in the "Your Choices" section below, if you withdraw your consent for personal information processing, we will no longer process data associated with those identifiers. However, new data will be processed if you visit another website where our cookie is present using a different browser. We are committed to providing you with choices with respect to how we process your personal information. This section describes how you can exercise these choices. Web Browsers You can opt out of our data collection for interest-based advertising purposes at any time by clicking on our opt-out page . Please note that you should opt-out from every device and/or browser separately. After opting out, you will no longer be included in advertising and content targeting activities that are conducted by NMC. You will still receive online ads and content, but these ads and content may not be as personalised or relevant to you. We require our clients and third party partners to ensure opt out requests are communicated to us in a timely manner. NMC is a member of several interest-based advertising self-regulatory groups, including the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI). You can also opt out of our processing of your personal information by using the opt-out tools and consumer choice mechanisms provided by the NAI here . We honor "Do Not Track" signals set in certain browsers by not tracking a user’s web viewing data while "Do Not Track" is turned on in the user’s browser settings. We currently honor signals set in Chrome, Firefox, Safari, and certain versions of Internet Explorer.Mobile Apps Most mobile devices provide device-level opt out by activating the "Limit Ad Tracking/App Tracking" (for iOS devices) or "Opt out of Ads Personalization" (for Android devices) option in your device’s settings. If you use more than one mobile device, you will need to change the settings on each device. Smart/Connected TVs You can opt out of our data collection from CTVs by visiting the NAI CTV opt-out page . This explains how users can activate privacy features in many common TV and OTT environments. You have several rights regarding our processing of your personal information, including: the right to request confirmation as to whether or not we are processing personal information concerning you, and, where that is the case, access to the personal information that we hold concerning you together with information about the nature, processing, and disclosure of your personal information;the right to request that we correct inaccurate or update incomplete personal information concerning you;the right to request that certain information about you be deleted (note that this right is not absolute) the right to have certain personal information transferred to another entity, in a structured, commonly-used, and machine-readable format (to the extent applicable). If you are interested in exercising any of the rights described above, please submit a request here . If you have questions about this Privacy Statement, please contact our Data Protection Officer by emailing privacy.department@nielsen.com or via postal mail to the address provided at the beginning of this notice. Please mark it for the attention of the Data Protection Officer. We will update this Privacy Statement as required (e.g., changing business or personal information processing practices, technology, or legal requirements). When we make changes to this Privacy Statement, we will amend the "Last updated" date at the top of this page. We encourage users to visit this page periodically to review any updates and remain informed about how we are processing and protecting personal information. Additional privacy information For Nielsen For Gracenote Need more help? Privacy questions can be submitted by email to: privacy.department@nielsen.com Stay in the loop Keep up-to-date with our weekly newsletter, Media Pulse. email By clicking on 'Subscribe', I agree to Nielsen's Privacy Notice and Terms of Use . If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty. Copyright © 2023 The Nielsen Company (US), LLC. All Rights Reserved. 粤ICP备17078252号 | 粤公网安备44010402001179号 | 上海尼尔森市场研究有限公司广州分公司 Contact us Find the right solution for your business In an ever-changing world, we’re here to help you stay ahead of what’s to come with the tools to measure, connect with, and engage your audiences. How can we help? postid How can we help? First name Last name Business email address Job title Company Location Industry Comments: Newsletter Opt-in Yes! Sign me up for insights and news that count in Nielsen's weekly newsletter. Marketing communications opt-in Sign me up! I want to stay ahead of media's evolution with emails on the latest trends and insights, Nielsen/Gracenote content, products, events, and more! newsletter By clicking or tapping the button and sharing your contact information with us, you acknowledge that you have read our Privacy Statement and that you consent to receiving communications about Nielsen's business, products/services, and events that may be of interest to you. However, if you ever change your mind, you can unsubscribe from our communications by following the instructions within the email that you receive from us. If you are a human seeing this field, please leave it empty. Cookie Settings Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Personalized Advertising Cookies Personalized Advertising Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Performance Cookies Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label 33Across host description View Cookies 33Across View Privacy Notice