Privacy Policy GENERAL This privacy notice sets out how Vidillion Corp. ("Vidillion") uses and protect any information that we may collect about you when you visit our website https://www.vidillion.com/ (the “Website”) or correspond with us. WHAT WE MEAN BY "PERSONAL INFORMATION" Personal Information We may collect personal information such as your name, email address, and phone number when you interact with us in the manners described below. Personal information is different from “pseudonymous” data we collect about your browser or device (as described below) as personal information links to, or is, data which can directly identify you as an individual. Personal information we collect may be voluntarily provided, for example when you request more information through a form on the Website or apply for employment. The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. We may collect personal information through third party services for the purpose of job recruitment, such as vendor platforms that provide candidate search and data engine for sourcing and recruiting efforts. Pseudonymous Data We may automatically collect pseudonymous data, distinguished from the personal information described above, that does not directly identify you personally but is linked to the device used to access the Website. We collect this data from you in the normal course of operating our Website. When you visit our Website, we automatically collect information about your device that your browser sends. Examples of such information include IP address, browser type, browser language setting, access times, and pages visited. We may also collect information about your mobile device such as the type and model, operating system, carrier name, mobile browser, and identifiers assigned to your device, such as IDFA and AAID. We may also collect your location information, such as your zip code or the approximate geographic area derived from your IP address or location positioning information provided by the location services and GPS features of your mobile device when location services have been enabled Pseudonymous data may contain cookie data. To understand more about how cookies are used on our Websites, see the HOW WE USE COOKIES section below. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION Data Collected Automatically Most of the data we collect in and through the Website is technical in nature and is collected and processed automatically through application programming interfaces, software development kits, cookies and similar software-based technologies used in mobile applications. Alone or in combination with other data, such automatically collected data may constitute personal information. Data You Provide to Us When you use the Website or otherwise communicate with us, we collect data that you provide to us directly. Such sources include: Information you provide through our ‘Get In Touch’ section;Information provided via email;Information you choose to provide, such as personal information related to recruitment/job applications. Moreover, if you contact us, a record of this correspondence may be kept. The Website is not intended for children under the age of 16. Accordingly, we do not intentionally collect, sell, or process the personal information of individuals under 16 years of age. If you are under 16, please do not provide us with any of your information unless you have the permission of your parent or guardian. INFORMATION THAT MAY BE COLLECTED ABOUT YOU Identifying Information Name, e-mail, physical address, telephone number;Age, year of birth, gender; and/orUser identifier from mobile application and website user data, see Device and Service Usage below for more information. Professional Information Job titles, work history, school attended, employment history, references, interviews. Website and Communication Usage Google Analytics is an element of the Website. By using cookies, Google Analytics collects and stores data such as time of visit, pages visited, time spent on each page of the Website, the Internet Protocol address, and the type of operating system used in the devices used to access the Website. By using a browser plugin provided by Google here , you can opt out of Google Analytics.Device and Service Usage Device Data: Device identifiers and similar qualifiers, operating system, geolocation of the device;Network and Internet Information: URLs, IP addresses, bounce rates, use of spoofing, active (TCP/IP) ports, number of sessions initiated, location information, and network/Wi-Fi access points; and Information we collect on the use of the Website via cookies. To understand more about how cookies are used on our Website, see the HOW WE USE COOKIES section below. PURPOSES FOR OUR COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION Any personal information you provide to or through the Website shall be used for the purposes for which you provided it that were disclosed at the time it was collected, including the following: Responding to enquiries, comments, or other correspondence made by you for conducting business with you and for our legitimate interest of communicating with you about our products and services. Documenting and managing our administration to better understand how you interact with the Website and services we offer via the Website, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on the Website, and to improve the Website. In addition to the above, we use personal information to comply with applicable laws and for our legitimate purposes of protection our legal rights and the data we process, in connection with legal claims, and for compliance, regulatory, and investigative purposes. This may include sharing the personal information with third parties, such as governmental authorities or law enforcement officials subject to applicable law. We limit the collection of personal data to what is adequate, relevant, and reasonably necessary, in relation to the purposes for which it is collected. WHO WE SHARE PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this policy. In addition, we do not, and will not, sell your information collected through our Website to any third party. We may disclose your information to: Service providers, such as data storage service providers, marketing service providers, and communications service providers. Such service providers are only allowed to use personal information disclosed to them for the purpose of providing us the services and for no other purposes;Our subsidiaries and affiliates; or a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of the Website and/or the Services and their advisors in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our stock and/or assets, or in connection with bankruptcy proceedings, or other corporate reorganization, in accordance with this Privacy Notice; As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process; and When we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. Service Providers with Whom We Share Personal Information Categories of Personal Information Sold in the Last 12 Months Vidillion does not sell personal information. To learn more about the operations and activities of our affiliates, please visit their websites for more information: Sabio, Inc.: https://sabio.inc AppScience, Inc.: https://appscience.inc CONSUMER RIGHTS Where we process personal information, individuals are entitled to ask us to access, correct, or delete such personal information. Note that we are not legally obligated to agree to such requests in all circumstances, and in certain circumstances, agreeing to a request may be infeasible – for example, a deletion request when we are required by law to maintain the personal information. Please also note that we are not able to act on any of the above requests if we are not able to identify an individual filing such request. Where applicable, these rights can be exercised via our opt-out page here or by sending us an email through the contact details below. Depending on where you live, you may have a right to lodge a complaint with a regulatory agency if you believe that we have violated any of the rights concerning personal information about you.We encourage you to first reach out to us at privacy@vidillion.com , so we may address your concerns directly before you do so. For California Consumers Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 and the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020, California consumers have the following rights: Right to delete personal information;Right to correct inaccurate personal information;Right to know what personal information is being collected;Right to know what personal information is sold or shared and to whom;Right to opt out of sale or sharing of personal information;Right to limit use and disclosure of sensitive personal information; andRight of no retaliation following opt out or exercise of other rights. To exercise your rights, please refer to the How to Exercise Your Rights section below. For Connecticut Consumers Beginning July 1, 2023, the Connecticut Data Privacy Act provides Connecticut consumers with the right to access, correct, delete, and port data, as well as opt-out of targeted advertising, the sale of their data, and automated decision-making profiling. To exercise your rights, please refer to the How to Exercise Your Rights section below. For Colorado Consumers Beginning July 1, 2023, the Colorado Privacy Act provides Colorado Consumers with the following rights: Right to access including the right to confirm that the controller is processing personal data concerning them;Right to correct;Right to delete;Right to port data; andRight to opt-out of targeted advertising, the sale of their data, and automated decision-making profiling. To exercise your rights, please refer to the How to Exercise Your Rights section below. For Nevada Consumers Effective October 1, 2019, Nevada Privacy Law allows for Nevada consumers to opt-out of the sale of their personal information. To exercise your rights, please refer to the How to Exercise Your Rights section below. For Utah Consumers The Utah Consumer Privacy Act provides Utah consumers with the following rights: Right to access, including the right to confirm whether a controller is processing their data;Right to delete; andRight to opt-out of the processing of personal data for the purposes for targeted advertising and the sale of personal data. To exercise your rights, please refer to the How to Exercise Your Rights section below. For Virginia Consumers The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act provides the following rights to Virginia consumers: Right to confirm whether or not their personal data is being processed and if it is, to access it;Right to correct inaccuracies in personal data;Right to delete their personal data;Right to obtain their personal data in a portable format;Right to opt-out of sale of personal data; andRight to opt-out of profiling. To exercise your rights, please refer to the How to Exercise Your Rights section below. For EU Data Subjects General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) Chapter 3 outlines the rights of the data subject including the following rights which have been addressed below: right of access by the data subject, right to rectification, right to erasure, right to restriction of processing, right to data portability, right to object. How to Exercise Your Rights Requests to Delete You have the right to request that we delete any Personal Information about you that we have collected. Upon receiving a verified request to delete Personal Information, we will do so unless otherwise authorized by law. You may submit a request to delete Personal Information via Vidillion’s opt-out page here. Right to Rectification You have the right to obtain the rectification or inaccurate personal data and the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement. You may submit a request to rectify data by emailing us at privacy@vidllion.com. Requests to Know You have the right to request that we disclose: The categories of personal information we have collected about you;The categories of personal information about you we have sold or disclosed for a business purpose;The categories of sources from which we have collected personal information about you;The business or commercial purposes for selling or collecting personal information about you;The categories of personal information sold or shared about you, as well as the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold, by category of personal information for each party to whom personal information was sold; and The specific pieces of personal information collected. You may submit a request to know here . The delivery of our response may take place electronically or by mail.We are not required to respond to requests to know more than twice in a 12-month period. Right to Opt Out of the Sale of Personal Information You have a right to opt out of the sale of personal information. You may, at any time, direct us to not sell personal information about you to third parties. Any personal information collected in connection with your request to opt-out of the sale of personal information about you will be used only to facilitate that request. You may opt out of the sale of personal information about you here . You may also submit optout requests by emailing us at privacy@vidllion.com. Right to Data Portability You have the right to receive personal data in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from us where the processing is based on consent and the processing is carried out by automated means. You may submit a request to know here or by email at privacy@vidllion.com. The Right to Non-Discrimination You have the right not to be discriminated against for the exercise of your privacy rights described above. Authorized Agents You may designate an authorized agent to make requests on your behalf. You must provide an authorized agent written permission to submit a request on your behalf, and we may require that you verify your identity directly with us. Alternatively, an authorized agent that has been provided power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000-4465 may submit a request on your behalf. The Website and its services are not intended for children. However, parents or guardians may make requests on behalf of their children, including the right to opt-in. Requests made on behalf of children may be submitted in the same manner as other requests. Methods for Submitting Consumer Requests and Our Response to Requests You may submit a request to exercise your rights via the following methods: E-mail: privacy@vidllion.com Toll Free Number: +1.855.665.5665 Posting: Vidillion Corp. 16350 Ventura Blvd, Suite D827, Encino, CA 91436 You may submit opt out requests via the website: Website: https://www.vidillion.com/opt-out.html Upon receipt of a request, we may ask you for additional information to verify your identity to prevent fraudulent requests and unauthorized access to your personal information. Any additional information you provide will be used only to verify your identity and not for any other purpose. A copy of the request will be retained. Subject to our ability to verify your identity, we will respond to your request within 15 days of receipt. If your identity cannot be verified or identify your request as fraudulent, we may deny your request. You may appeal the decision by contacting us using the methods above. HOW WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION SAFE We maintain commercially reasonable risk-based security and data protection measures, which include, for example, end-to-end encryption for personal information in transit. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Any personal information has access restricted to Vidillion employees that are necessary in the processing of such information. HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION We retain personal information about you only for as long as needed for the purposes for which it was collected. The amount of personal data collected is commensurate to the specific purpose. Personal Information is limited to use for our legitimate business purposes, after which it is scrubbed, deidentified, anonymized or obfuscated as soon as possible unless otherwise required by applicable legislation. Once data has been de-identified, Vidillion commits to taking reasonable measures to ensure that data cannot be associated with a natural person and commit to maintaining and using de-identified data without attempting to re-identify the data. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES Our Website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our Website, we do not have any control over third party websites. We cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this Privacy Notice. You should exercise caution and review the privacy notice applicable to the website in question. HOW WE USE COOKIES Some of the features on the Website and the Services require the use of "cookies" - small text files that are stored on your computer's hard drive.We use cookies to measure which pages are being accessed, and which features are most frequently used. This enables us to continuously improve the Website to meet the needs of our visitors. The following sets out how we may use different categories of cookies and your options for managing cookie settings: Required cookies Required cookies enable you to navigate the Website and use its features. If you have chosen to identify yourself to us, we use cookies to allow us to uniquely identify you. These cookies allow us to uniquely identify you when you and to process your online transactions and requests. Because required cookies are essential to operate the Website, there is no option to opt out of these cookies. Performance cookies These cookies collect information about how you use our Website, including which pages you go to and if they receive error messages from certain pages. These cookies do not collect information that individually identifies you. Information is only used to improve how the Website functions and performs. From time-totime, we may engage third parties to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information relating to individuals who visit the Website. We may also utilize Flash cookies for these purposes. To learn how to opt out of performance cookies using your browser settings, click here . To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click here . Functionality cookies Functionality cookies allow our Website to remember information you have entered or choices you make (such as your username, language, or your region) and provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies also enable you to optimize your use of the Website after logging in. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you have made to text size, fonts and other parts of web pages that you can customize. We may use local shared objects, also known as Flash cookies, to store your preferences or display content based upon what you view on the Site to personalize your visit. To learn how to opt out of functionality cookies using your browser settings, click here . To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click here . Targeting or Advertising cookies From time-to-time, we may engage third parties to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information from individuals who visit the Website. We sometimes use cookies delivered by third parties to track the performance of our advertisements. For example, these cookies remember which browsers have visited the Website. By way of example, as you browse the Website, advertising cookies may be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our advertising partners then enable us to present you with retargeted advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with the Website. Third parties, with whom we partner to provide certain features on the Website or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity, use Flash cookies to collect and store information. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored. To learn more about these and other advertising networks and their opt out instructions, click here . To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, click here . CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY NOTICE This privacy notice is reviewed and updated annually and may change from time to time, effective from the date mentioned in the privacy notice.Please check the Website periodically to review such changes. We may email periodic reminders of our agreements and policies in the event of a change. CONTACT US If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy notice or about Vidillion's privacy or data security practices, please contact us via the following: E-mail: privacy@vidllion.com Toll Free Number: +1.855.665.5665 Posting: Vidillion Corp. 16350 Ventura Blvd, Suite D827, Encino, CA 91436 Data Privacy Officer: vdataprivacyofficer@vidillion.com Resources Our Products Our Solutions Social Get In Touch (855) 665-5665 Copyright © 2022 by Vidillion Inc. | 16350 Ventura Boulevard, #D827, Encino, CA, 91436 | (855) 665-5665