Boys & Girls Clubs of America Privacy Policy Generally: This site is provided by BGCA, a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization headquartered at 1275 Peachtree St. NE, Atlanta, Georgia 30309. This Privacy Policy applies to the personal data provided to BGCA when you browse this website, make a donation, register for an event, sign up for a newsletter, or otherwise provide us with information via the website located at www.bgca.org or any other domain names owned or controlled by BGCA (the “Website”). It also applies to personal data you may provide to BGCA via telephone, email, regular mail, social media, texting or in response to personal solicitations. BGCA respects the privacy of every visitor to our websites. Your privacy is a priority, and we go to great lengths to protect it. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect and use information about our online visitors. We will not collect any identifying or personal information about you while you are here except as set forth in this Privacy Policy. EU and UK Residents: BGCA values the data protection principles established by the European Union’s (EU) General Data Protection Regulation and the Data Protection Act of 2018, including transparency and accountability, collecting data for legitimate, limited purposes, minimizing data collected, maintaining accurate data, maintaining data for reasonable periods, and taking appropriate data security measures. However, BGCA has taken proactive steps to (a) avoid offering goods or services to EU and UK residents, (b) avoid soliciting donations from EU and UK residents, and (c) avoid monitoring the behavior of EU and UK residents. Minors: BGCA does not intend to collect personal information from children under the age of 13. While we encourage children to visit our site and learn more about our programs, children under the age of 13 are not authorized to make a donation or purchase, sign up for an event or program, or otherwise provide any personally identifiable information without consent from a parent or legal guardian. We recommend that parents approve and closely supervise the activity of their children at this and all other online sites and discuss with their children restrictions regarding the online release of personal information to anyone they don't know. The Information BGCA Collects We respect your privacy as our online guest, and we will not collect any identifying or personal information about you while you are here except as set forth in this Privacy Policy. Information You Provide Directly: BGCA collects information in several ways from different parts of this site. BGCA may collect personal information from you when you register with this site or sign up for a program (Alumni & Friends, etc.), initiative, or event. BGCA also may ask you for personal information at other times, such as when you ask a question, submit a comment, or report a problem with this site. If you contact BGCA, BGCA may keep a record of that session or correspondence, including a record of your e-mail address. BGCA may also occasionally ask users to complete surveys for research purposes. There also may be services on this site that require you to fill out an online form or send BGCA an e-mail message in order to utilize these services. BGCA collects any information that you provide in such circumstances, including any personal information. We may also ask you for identifying and personal information to: Inform you of new services, changes or promotions, directly or via a third-party advertising or social media network: For the purposes of improving the relevancy and targeting of marketing, the information collected may be provided to third-party advertising or social media networks to generate “lookalike” or custom audiences. This activity is governed by the network’s own privacy policy and terms and conditions - you can learn more about Facebook ads here and other types of online advertising here . Invite you to receive periodic e-mail updates about our progress: When you accept, or “opt in,” we ask you to give us your e-mail address and respond to some questions that help us tailor our information to your interests. You can "opt out" of receiving these periodic updates at any time. Processing any online donations you make to Boys & Girls Clubs of America: When you make an online donation, we ask you for your name, address, telephone number, email address, and credit card information. When you donate to honor someone else, we do not use the information you give us about that person for any other purpose. Processing registration information for online sweepstakes or contests on the Boys & Girls Clubs of America website: When you agree to give us identifying and personal information for online sweepstakes or contents, you are giving that information to Boys & Girls Clubs of America in accordance with the applicable contest rules, and the parties we have involved in operating this site.You are giving it solely to enable the services this site provides. Display Club locations when searching via “Find a Club”: When you search for a Club, you may choose to share your exact location via your browser or manually enter a location. This data is only used to display the closest Club locations to you. Information We Receive Automatically When You Use Our Services. BGCA also may collect visitor information through Google Analytics, including IP addresses, domain names, and similar items regarding users of this site to measure the number of visits, pages visited, average time spent on this site, and similar metrics. This information is typically retained for 38 months. “Cookies” may be used in connection with this site. A cookie is a small amount of identifier data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. By using cookies, information is potentially collected without your express knowledge. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies but permit you to change the setting to refuse cookies or to be alerted when cookies are being sent. While refusal to accept cookies will not prevent the use of some portions of this site, other portions of this site may not function properly without cookies. Generally, BGCA may use cookies and the information they provide to: (a) remind us of who you are; (b) access your account information in order to deliver to you better and more personalized service; (c) estimate our audience size; (d) determine the nature and extent of repeat usage; and (e) measure certain traffic patterns to understand how users' habits are similar or different from one another, so that BGCA may improve our site. We also use many cookies on the BGCA.org domain for the purposes of traffic collection and analysis, third-party advertising modeling and remarketing, and testing for conversion rate optimization. How BGCA Uses the Information It Collects BGCA uses the information it collects through this site to improve its marketing and promotional efforts, to improve its content, and to customize this site’s services, content, and layout. BGCA may provide the information it collects through this site to third parties who provide services on BGCA’s behalf and, with your permission, to BGCA’s business partners. BGCA may use the information it collects through this site to inform you of new services, changes, or promotions. If you do not want us to send you this type of information, please let us know by contacting us at info@bgca.org . We will not disclose your personal information collected through this site to third parties except as described in this Privacy Policy without first informing you of such change in our disclosure practices and providing you a choice regarding such disclosure. How BGCA Shares the Information It Collects BGCA understands the importance of privacy and confidentiality to users of this site. BGCA may provide the information it collects through this site to third parties who provide services on BGCA's behalf and, with your permission, to BGCA’s business partners. For example, we use one or more third-party financial institutions to process our credit card transactions. They receive the credit card number and other personal information of our donors only to verify credit card numbers and to process credit card transactions in a secure environment. We also occasionally hire other companies to perform limited services on our behalf. We only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service and prohibit them from using that information for any other purpose. Aggregated, depersonalized traffic data is shared with certain advertisers to optimize campaigns. From time to time, BGCA may also share donor names and email/mailing addresses with other reputable nonprofit organizations on a limited basis in exchange for limited access to the names, email, and addresses of their constituents. We have found this is a cost-effective method of reaching additional potential constituents. These organizations will not have continued access to your name and address unless you choose to respond to their initial mailing. We do not share mobile/cell phone data in connection with this list exchange. BGCA never sends out mailings on behalf of other organizations. We respect our donors’ choices and control over their information.You, as a donor, may, at any time, have your name excluded from any donor list exchange activity. To ask that your name be excluded from list exchange activity or to otherwise change how BGCA contacts you, please email us at donor_relations@bgca.org . BGCA may disclose information it collects through this site when required to do so by a court, regulatory agency, subpoena, law, regulation, or other body of competent jurisdiction and authority, and for administrative and other purposes that BGCA deems necessary to maintain, service, and improve its products and services and to protect its rights and property. Finally, if you become involved in any violation of security, violation of this website’s Terms of Use, or violation of any party’s or third party’s rights, BGCA may release information about you to assist in investigating, resolving, or remediating any such incidents. Integrity and Security Use of SSL and Encryption. In order to enhance privacy and security, BGCA maintains a current Secure Socket Layer (SSL) Encryption Certificate on official BGCA Sites that permit a donor or supporter to provide their personal data. Restricting Who Has Access To Your Information. BGCA employs commercially reasonable managerial and technical measures to help protect the security and integrity of the personal information it collects online through this site. You acknowledge, however, that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while BGCA strives to protect your personal information, BGCA cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to or from this site. What Are My Rights? You always have a right to: Request access to your personal information; Review the personal information that BGCA has collected about you through this site; Request information about how your specific data is being used; Opt out of communications from BGCA and/or request that we not share your information with other organizations; and Request that your data be erased. To make any of the requests above or if you have any other questions or complaints regarding BGCA’s privacy practices, please contact us at info@bgca.org . Please include your full name, address, phone number, and e-mail address in your opt-out request, and indicate how you would like your information restricted. Privacy Practices of Other Sites This Privacy Policy only address the use and disclosure of information BGCA collects online through this site, not information that BGCA collects through other sources. For your convenience, this site may contain links, or addresses, that you can simply click to open other useful sites where we do not control the content or privacy policy. Carefully review the approach these sites take to your privacy before you use them or provide them with information. We assume no liability for any unauthorized actions of third parties or accidental transmission errors that may disclose information about you, and BGCA is not responsible for these other sites' privacy practices, which may be different from BGCA's privacy practices. Changes To This Privacy Policy BGCA may revise this Privacy Policy at any time by updating this posting. Please consult this Privacy Policy regularly. California Privacy Rights If you are a resident of California, you may request or opt out of your personal information being shared with third parties. You are also entitled to request the following information which we will provide to you free of charge: A list of the types of personal information which we disclose to third-parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year; and The names and addresses of all third parties that receive personal information in these categories from us in the preceding calendar year, and examples of the products or services marketed by these businesses: (a) name and address; (b) electronic mail address; (c) age or date of birth; (d) names of children; (e) electronic mail address of children; (f) number of children; (g) the age or gender of children; (h) height; (i) weight; (j) race; (k) religion; (l) occupation; (m) telephone number; (n) education; (o) political party affiliation; (p) medical condition; (q) drugs, therapies, or medical products or equipment used; (r) kind of product purchased, leased or rented by customer; (s) real property purchased, leased or rented; (t) the kind of service provided; (u) social security number; (v) bank account number; (w) credit card or debit card number; (x) payment history; and (y) information pertaining to assets, liabilities or credit worthiness. Please direct your opt out request or request for these types of information to info@bgca.org or Boys & Girls Clubs of America Attn: Legal Department 1275 Peachtree St. NE Atlanta, GA 30309 Find a Club Near You.Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube STAY INFORMED WITH NEWS & UPDATES Resources The Official Site of Boys & Girls Clubs of America. © Boys & Girls Clubs of America. All Rights Reserved. BGCA is a 501(c)3 (nonprofit) organization and donations are tax deductible. The URL GreatFutures.org is generously donated by Vision Link We use cookies to enhance your experience. Learn More. Boys & Girls Clubs of America uses cookies to give you the best experience on our website. Read about cookies in our privacy policy . By closing this message, you consent to our use of cookies on this device in accordance with our policy unless you have disabled them.Privacy Policy What does this Policy Cover? 1.1 This Privacy Policy sets out the principles that Seraya Energy follows when collecting, using, disclosing, retaining and removing personal data, that is capable of identifying you as an individual whether on its own or in conjunction with other data accessible by us in compliance with the PDPA. This Privacy Policy also describes other important topics relating to an individual’s data privacy and applies to all users of Seraya Energy’s website and online services. 1.2 By accessing Seraya Energy’s website and using Seraya Energy’s online services, communicating with Seraya Energy through email, by telephone, in writing, or by providing your personal information to Seraya Energy, you thereby consent and agree to the collection of your personal data in the manner described in this policy. Collection of Personal Data 2.1 Seraya Energy only collects, uses and discloses personal data with an individual’s consent or deemed consent or as otherwise permitted under the PDPA or other applicable laws and regulations. 2.2 In order for Seraya Energy to render and perform the services contracted between Seraya Energy and the individual, it is necessary for Seraya Energy to collect and use certain personal data.2.3 While the specific types of Personal Data you submit through Seraya Energy’s website may vary depending on the services used and rendered, and whether you maintain an account with us, there are ten (10) broad categories of Personal Data which are collected by us and/or our Affiliates: (a) Your name;(b) Identity Data (which includes your country of residence, job title, age, marital status and/or gender);(c) Contact Data (which includes your email address and online passwords, fax and/or telephone number);(d) Transaction Data (which includes your credit card details, your billing address, your mailing address or the mailing address of the intended recipient of your order, payments and orders to and from you, and other details of products and services that you have supplied to or purchased from us); (e) Records of communications with Seraya Energy;(f) Usage Data (which includes information about how you use our website (including the time you visited our website, the duration of your visit, the types of products and/or services you are searching for and/or how you are searching for such products and/or services);(g) Marketing and Communications Data (which includes your interests, feedback, survey responses, preferences in receiving marketing materials from us and your communication preferences, as well as your preferences for a product or service); (h) Technical Data, which includes your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the internet device identity or media access control address of your device, information regarding the manufacturer, model or operating system of the device that you use and/or information about the web browser that you use to access our website);(i) Data for ensuring IT security and resource management and site security, with view of improving Seraya Energy’s website; and(j) Data in compliance with applicable laws and regulations of regulatory authorities and enforcement agencies. 2.4 Seraya Energy may collect your Personal Data from you in one of the following ways: (a) Directly from you when you provide us with your identity, contact, profile and transaction data through one or the following (whether on your own behalf or on behalf of your organisation): i. Use our website;ii. Create an account on our website;iii. Enter into a contract with us for the purchase of our products and/or services; iv. Apply for or enquire about our website or products and/or services;v. Participate in a promotion, survey, event or other marketing campaign organized by us;vi. Subscribe to our newsletters or alerts;vii. Request for marketing materials to be sent to you; orviii. Contact us, if you get in touch to provide us with some feedback. (b) From your authorized representatives . We may also collect your identity contact, profile and transaction data from your authorized representatives. These include persons whom you have authorized and persons who have been validly identified as acting on your behalf pursuant to our security procedures. (c) When you interact with our website . As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect your technical data through for example, website cookies.(d) Third parties or publicly available sources . We may receive your Personal Data from third parties which are located in various countries. These include: i. Technical Data from analytics providers, advertising networks and social media platforms; andii.Contact and Transaction Data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services. 2.5 There may be situations where Seraya Energy collects and uses personal data which are outside a person’s reasonable expectation. When this occurs, Seraya Energy is committed to providing the relevant individual with an explanation for the possible use of the personal data when asking for the individual’s consent.2.6 We use “cookies” to provide visitors with a personalized experience on our website. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to the memory or hard drive of a visitor’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We may use “cookies” to retrieve and store information specific to your computer and on use of the website and the online services via your computer. We also use this information to verify that visitors meet the criteria required to process their requests. 2.7 Most browsers used by visitors have options that allow the visitor to control whether the browser will accept cookies, reject cookies, or notify the visitor each time a cookie is sent. As such, you may disable the cookies by changing the setting on your browser. However, if you do disable or refuse the use of cookies, please note that some parts of our website may not function properly and you may not be able to access or use some features on the website. You have the right to delete your cookies from your browser program at any time. 2.8 Seraya Energy does not collect sensitive information without the individual’s consent and only if it is specifically relevant and necessary for Seraya Energy’s primary purpose of conducting, improving, maintaining and developing a business relationship. All sensitive information is collected and used in accordance with this privacy policy.2.9 In processing personal data, Seraya Energy shall take into account the nature of its sensitivity, and will only process sensitive data upon the express consent of the data subject and only for the purposes for which it was provided, or in accordance with the law. Seraya Energy shall also inform data subjects of the sensitive data that is necessary to fulfill the core functionality of the product or service, and the consequences of refusal to the processing, for the purpose of allowing the data subjects to decide whether or not to give consent. 2.10 Seraya Energy does not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 13. Should you be under the age of 13, please do not provide personal data of any kind whatsoever. If a child under the age of 13 provides Seraya Energy with personal data, a parent or guardian of that child may have request to have this information deleted from Seraya Energy’s records by submitting a written request to the Data Protection Officer at DPO@geneco.sg . Use of Personal Data 3.1 The use of your personal information for these purposes will be kept to the minimum required.Where necessary, Seraya Energy and its affiliates may also use the information to resolve any disputes that may arise.3.2 First, Seraya Energy may use your Personal Data for the following purposes: (a) To register you as a new customer;(b) To process and deliver the services contracted for to you;(c) To manage your account, including managing payments, fees and charges and collection of fees due to us; (d) To manage our relationship with you;(e) To better the services of Seraya Energy and its business partners;(f) Tracking and verifying compliance with Seraya Energy’s internal personal data protection policies;(g) Meeting laws and/or for fulfilling editorial and feedback solicitation purposes;(h) To administer, operate, provide, maintain and protect our business and our website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data, as well as ensuring that unauthorized users do not access the information on our website); (i) To deliver relevant information about our events, news, announcements or promotions;(j) Where Seraya Energy has to use your Personal Data for another purpose as required by law or regulation, for example, to respond to administrative, judicial or law enforcement requests or to comply with applicable laws and regulations; and (k) To identify goods or services that may be suitable for customer(s) or personalising/customising such goods or services for customer(s); (l) To contact you in relation to all of the above; and(m) Where permitted under the PDPA, and any amendments thereto which may be passed by law from time to time, or any other applicable law. 3.3 Second, Seraya Energy may also transfer this information to other affiliates of Seraya Energy for purposes of updating and enhancing their respective records and for Seraya Energy and its affiliates to: (a) collect, retain, use, process and disclose your personal information; (b) monitor your access to and use of this website and its various services;(c) contact you by telephone, facsimile and/or e-mail; and(d) advise you of products and services which may be of interest to you. 3.4 Third, Seraya Energy may also disclose and share aggregate information about our users with advertisers, business partners, sponsors and other third parties. This data is used to customise Seraya Energy’s content and advertising to deliver a better experience to users. 3.5 We will only use your Personal Data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If there is any change in the purpose for which we collect your Personal Data, we will inform you of such change by way of email via the email address that you have provided to us earlier. If you wish to have an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact Seraya Energy at DPO@geneco.sg . If we need to use your Personal Data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and explain the legal basis which allows us to do so. Disclosure of Personal Data 4.1 Seraya Energy will only disclose Personal Data in the following situations: (a) For the primary purpose(s) for which it was collected;(b) For purposes that a reasonable person will consider appropriate in the circumstances;(c) Where the individual in question has provided consent;(d) For direct marketing by Seraya Energy where consent has been given but giving individuals the opportunity to opt out of such marketing. Seraya Energy includes its contact details in any direct marketing; or (e) Where permitted under the PDPA or any other applicable law, or if required by law. 4.2 Seraya Energy does not disclose your personal data for any secondary purposes unless your consent has been given or if so permitted or required under the PDPA or any other applicable laws and regulations.4.3 Other than those individuals and entities listed below, your personal information will not be revealed by Seraya Energy to any external body. Seraya Energy does not disclose your Personal Data to unaffiliated third parties for their independent use unless we have obtained your express consent to do so and pursuant to executing confidentiality agreements with such unaffiliated third parties, or where Seraya Energy is under either a legal obligation or any other duty to do so.For the avoidance of doubt, the information provided by you at this website may be disclosed by Seraya Energy to: (a) regulators;(b) lawyers/accountants/auditors;(c) suppliers, agents or contractors in connection with the services they perform for Seraya Energy pursuant to agreements;(d) third parties to comply with a legal obligation, when Seraya Energy believes in good faith that an applicable law so requires it, at the request of government authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce our contractual rights or other applicable policies, to detect and protect against fraud or any technical or security vulnerabilities, to respond to an emergency, or otherwise to protect the rights, property, safety or security of third parties and visitors to our website or to the public; and (e) any agents acting on our behalf. 4.4 We also require all third parties to respect the security of your Personal Data and to treat it in accordance with the law. Seraya Energy uses industry standard practices to safeguard your personal information. Seraya Energy shall, on a best efforts basis, ensure that all communications and identifiable information will not be disclosed to third parties, and that communications and personal identifiable information received through the website will remain confidential. Retention of Information 5.1 Your personal information will not be kept longer than necessary, and only for as long as it is necessary for us to use your Personal Data as described above. However, please be advised that we may retain some of your Personal Data after you cease to use our services, for instance if that data is necessary to meet our legal obligations, such as retaining the information for tax and accounting purposes. You may also request for information on our policies regarding the purpose and duration of retention of your personal data via email sent to DPO@geneco.sg . 5.2 In some circumstances, we may anonymize your Personal Data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.5.3 Your personal information in Seraya Energy’s website will be destroyed if you apply to deregister your records. However, this may result in the termination of your access to the secured portions in the website. Accuracy and Correction of Personal Data 6.1 Seraya Energy takes steps to ensure that the information collected is accurate and up to date by updating its records whenever any changes to information come to its attention. Seraya Energy shall disregard information which seems, on a reasonable basis, be inaccurate or out of date by reason of the time which has elapsed since it was collected or by reason of any other information in its possession.6.2 If you have submitted personal data to Seraya Energy electronically or otherwise and would like to edit such personal data, a written request should be sent by email to Seraya Energy’s Data Protection Officer at DPO@geneco.sg . After receipt of the written request, Seraya Energy shall comply with the individual’s request to correct their personal data as soon as practicable. 6.3 Should Seraya Energy disagree and reject the individual’s written request for a correction of their personal data on reasonable grounds, Seraya Energy shall annotate the personal data with the correction that was requested but not made. Access to Personal Data 7.1 If an individual wishes to be provided with information regarding their Personal Data that is in the possession or under the control of Seraya Energy, or the ways in which such Personal Data has been used or disclosed by Seraya Energy in the year preceding such request, that individual must send a written request by email to our Data Protection Officer at DPO@geneco.sg . Seraya Energy shall handle such requests as soon as reasonably possible in accordance with the PDPA. International transfer of Information 8.1 Any personal data provided to Seraya Energy may be transferred to, stored by or disclosed to an overseas recipient.8.2 Where our partners who help us in the administration or operation of our organisation are based in other locations, your Personal Data may be transferred outside of Singapore. When we send your Personal Data outside of Singapore, Seraya Energy shall ensure that your Personal Data is protected to at least the same standard as that in Singapore and comparable to the protection under the PDPA, and that there is a proper contract governing such data transfer. Security 9.1 Seraya Energy’s management and their teams take commercially reasonable precautions to keep all information obtained from our online visitors secure against unauthorized access (e.g.a data breach) and use, and we periodically review our security measures. Seraya Energy is committed to employing reasonable security measures, regularly reviewing our security practices (such as security risk assessments and audits) and providing regular awareness training to all staff. 9.2 Any data destroyed by Seraya Energy is disposed of in a manner that protects the privacy of personal data in an appropriate manner.9.3 If you use a login user ID or password obtained through the website, you shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the user ID and password and not to share or authorise the use of the user ID and password by third parties. You shall be responsible for all activities undertaken using your user ID and password whether authorised or otherwise. You shall immediately notify us if it comes to your knowledge that your user ID and/or password has been compromised or there has been unauthorised use. 9.4 Seraya Energy uses website security certificates. Please be aware that these protection tools do not protect information that is not collected through our website, such as information provided to Seraya Energy through email. Withdrawal of Consent 10.1 You may choose whether or not to provide your personal data, and if already provided, you may choose to exercise your right to object, block or remove such personal data as provided by law.10.2 Your consent given here will override any registration on the Do Not Call Registry and shall apply to Singapore telephone numbers under your name (including your employee, representative or authorised person), including new telephone numbers which you may provide Seraya Energy from time to time. 10.3 You may withdraw your consent for the collection, use or disclosure of personal data by giving Seraya Energy reasonable notice via a written request made by email to our Data Protection Officer at DPO@geneco.sg . Once a written request is submitted, Seraya Energy shall inform the individual of the likely consequences of the withdrawal of consent. Thereafter, Seraya Energy shall cease to collect, use or disclose the personal data upon such withdrawal unless otherwise permitted or required by the PDPA or any other applicable laws and regulations. 10.4 To keep you in control of your personal information and the communications sent to you, you may opt out of the following services: (a) receiving communications from Seraya Energy and our affiliates about new features, products or services; and (b) receiving communications about offers from third-party companies that offer a product or a service that we think would be of value to you. If you object to any of the above services for any reason, you may stop that service by e-mail request made to DPO@geneco.sg . Information provided when purchasing products from any of our websites may be used for marketing and promotional purposes. Links to Other Sites 11.1 Seraya Energy’s website may contain links to or from other websites. This privacy policy is only applicable to the information collected on Seraya Energy’s website.11.2 Seraya Energy is not responsible for any privacy statements and practices of other third-party websites even if you accessed the third-party website through links from our website or you linked to our website from a third-party website. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of other websites you link to from Seraya Energy’s website. Limitation of Liability 12.1 Seraya Energy and its affiliates are not liable for any direct, indirect, special or consequential damages or loss of any kind as a result of:- (a) any unauthorised use of your user ID and/or password; and/or (b) your access to and/or use of the website and/or any online services; and/or (c) your non-compliance of this Policy Statement. Changes to Seraya Energy’s privacy policy 13.1 Seraya Energy reserves the right to modify and/or amend this Privacy Policy and related business practices from time to time and will place the updated Statement in the website. Please check this statement before accessing or using the website and/or its online services. Contact Us 14.1 If you have any comments, questions or complaints about Seraya Energy’s privacy policy or about our use of your personal data, you may write to us using the following contact details: Attn: Data Protection Officer Seraya Energy Pte Ltd 450 Alexandra Road #01-01 Singapore 098633 Email: DPO@geneco.sg The all-new Geneco mobile app Manage your Geneco account with ease, right at your fingertips!Download today. Explore Contact Us Phone: 6363 6677 Operation Hours: Mondays to Fridays (except Public Holidays) 9 am – 5:30 pm Follow Us Geneco Mobile App For Electricity Supply Interruption, please contact SP Services at 1800 778 8888 (24-Hour Hotline) Copyright @ Geneco by Seraya Energy, a subsidiary of YTL PowerSeraya Pte. Limited. All rights reserved. I would like: Fixed rate that stays constant Guaranteed discount off regulated tariff I prefer to: Be in it for the long haul Keep it short and sweet Green Energy: Yes NoTo use all available functions on this website, JavaScript must be enabled in your browser. Through the following links, you can move to the menu or to the main text in this page. Global For Investors Menu Discover Kubota Discover KubotaGroundwork for TomorrowKUBOTA STORIES Corporate Information Corporate InformationKubota Global IdentityOur Long-Term Vision GMB2030About KubotaCorporate HistoryDirectors and Senior ManagementOur BusinessGlobal Case StudiesGlobal NetworkCareers Innovation InnovationMissionOur MissionThe Solutions that Shape Our VisionKubota Smart AgricultureSmart Water SolutionResource Circulation SolutionR&DKubota Concept TractorOur StoriesEVOLUTION OF KUBOTA TECHNOLOGYKUBOTA TECHNICAL REPORTKubota R&D MovieDesignDesignOpen InnovationOpen InnovationInnovation NetworkKUBOTA SMART VILLAGE Sustainability SustainabilityPolicy and Fundamental IdeasPresident's MessageK-ESG Management and MaterialitySustainability through BusinessInitiatives through Business: FoodInitiatives through Business: WaterInitiatives through Business: EnvironmentSustainability as the Basis of Our BusinessEnvironmental Conservation InitiativesRelationships with SocietyRelationships with EmployeesCorporate Governance Initiatives Sustainable Development GoalsKubota and the SDGsKubota Group Integrated ReportKubota Group ESG Report Products & Solutions Products & SolutionsAgricultureTractorCombine Harvester & Rice TransplanterImplementsLife StyleUtility VehicleTurf EquipmentWaterDuctile Iron PipesValvesPumpsEnvironmental Equipment & Plant EngineeringMembrane SolutionsWastewater Treatment Plant (Johkasou)ConstructionConstruction MachineryEnginesEnginesDivision SiteEngine for industrial Engine for generatorWeighing & Measuring Control SystemsWeighing & Measuring Control SystemsMaterialsMaterialsDivision Site Cracking TubesReformer TubesIndustrial Steel CastingsTXAXSteel Pipe Piles & Steel Pipe Sheet Piles Newsroom NewsroomNewsNewsTopicsEvent CalendarMediaMovieDocumentary of KubotaGLOBAL INDEXIntegrated Report / ESG ReportIntegrated Report / ESG Report Discover KubotaCorporate InformationInnovationSustainabilityProducts & SolutionsNewsroom Discover Kubota TOP Groundwork for TomorrowKUBOTA STORIES Corporate Information TOP Kubota Global IdentityOur Long-Term Vision GMB2030About KubotaCorporate HistoryDirectors and Senior ManagementOur BusinessGlobal Case StudiesGlobal NetworkCareers Innovation TOP Mission Our Mission The Solutions that Shape Our Vision Kubota Smart AgricultureSmart Water SolutionResource Circulation Solution R&D Kubota Concept TractorOur StoriesEVOLUTION OF KUBOTA TECHNOLOGYKUBOTA TECHNICAL REPORTKubota R&D Movie Design Design Open Innovation Open InnovationInnovation NetworkKUBOTA SMART VILLAGE Sustainability TOP Policy and Fundamental Ideas President's MessageK-ESG Management and Materiality Sustainability through Business Initiatives through Business: FoodInitiatives through Business: WaterInitiatives through Business: Environment Sustainability as the Basis of Our Business Environmental Conservation InitiativesRelationships with SocietyRelationships with EmployeesCorporate Governance Initiatives Sustainable Development Goals Kubota and the SDGsKubota Group Integrated ReportKubota Group ESG Report Products & Solutions TOP Agriculture TractorCombine Harvester & Rice TransplanterImplements Life Style Utility VehicleTurf Equipment Water Ductile Iron PipesValvesPumpsEnvironmental Equipment & Plant EngineeringMembrane SolutionsWastewater Treatment Plant (Johkasou) Construction Construction Machinery Engines EnginesDivision SiteEngine for industrialEngine for generator Weighing & Measuring Control Systems Weighing & Measuring Control Systems Materials MaterialsDivision Site Cracking TubesReformer TubesIndustrial Steel CastingsTXAXSteel Pipe Piles & Steel Pipe Sheet Piles Newsroom TOP Newsroom NewsTopicsEvent Calendar Media MovieDocumentary of KubotaGLOBAL INDEX Integrated Report / ESG Report Integrated Report / ESG ReportFor InvestorsKubota Group CompaniesHomeTerms of Use Terms of Use This website of Kubota Corporation ("Website") is owned, operated, and maintained by Kubota Corporation ("Kubota") or its agents. Please read these terms and conditions of use ("Terms and Conditions"); your use of the Kubota Website indicates your acceptance and agreement to the Terms and Conditions. Kubota may change the Terms and Conditions without prior notice. You are responsible for checking this page whenever you use the Website for the most current version of the Terms and Conditions. The Website contains links to other websites of Kubota, its affiliates, and third parties.Note that your use of any of those websites indicates your acceptance and agreement to the terms and conditions of the respective websites Prohibited Conduct When using the Website you agree not to: Violate any laws, regulations, or ordinancesCommit or aid criminal actsEngage in actions that may cause any disadvantage, loss, or damage to Kubota or any third partyViolate the legal rights, such as property rights or privacy, nor defame the reputation of Kubota or any third partyEngage in actions that violate the standards of public order and decencyUploading, using, distributing, or providing in any way a software program or data, such as a computer virus, intended to damage the Website, servers, computers, or any other tangible or intangible assets of Kubota or any third party. Using another person's or fraudulent e-mail address with the intention of misleading Kubota or any third party.Any other activities that Kubota deems inappropriate Disclaimers Kubota pays close attention to the information posted on the Website. However, Kubota does not guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, or availability of Website content. Kubota shall not be liable for any loss or damage incurred by accessing or using the Website. Kubota does not guarantee the safety of the Website or the server. In no event shall Kubota be liable for any loss or damage, including, but not limited to, that which is caused by equipment shutdown due to disaster, line problems/failure, or maintenance; computer viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or data; or data tampering, unauthorized access, or leakage by third parties. Kubota may change information on the Website and suspend or discontinue the operation of the Website at any time without notice. Kubota shall not be liable for any loss or damage arising out of any change of information and suspension or closure of the Website, for any reason whatsoever. The Website may provide information about products and services that are not available in some regions or countries. The Website is not necessarily intended to provide information in every region or country. Some information Kubota discloses may contain forward-looking statements and opinions. These forward-looking statements are based on reasonable judgments in light of information available to Kubota at the time of disclosure, and involve certain risks and uncertainties. Therefore, a variety of factors may cause actual future results to differ materially from the forecasts provided in the forward-looking statements. Intellectual Property Rights Copyright to the documents, images, voices, and other materials on the Website belong to Kubota, unless otherwise specified. All materials on the Website are protected by copyright laws, industrial property laws, other intellectual property laws, and other applicable international laws and treaty provisions in various countries. Except for personal use and except to the extent defined on the Website, you are prohibited from using, duplicating, altering, uploading, posting, sending, distributing, lending, transferring, selling, and publishing any of materials on the Website without Kubota's prior written permission. The respective Terms and Conditions contained herein or on other pages on each of the content pages, if any, supersede any other terms and conditions. Software that is made available from the Website is the copyrighted work of the respective owners. Use of such software is subject to the terms and conditions of each end-user license agreement between the owner of such software and the end-user thereof, in addition to copyright laws and other applicable international laws and treaty provisions. Company names, product names, and the logos used on the Website are the trademarks or registered trademarks of Kubota. Other product names and company names used on the Website are trade names, trademarks, or registered trademarks of the respective companies. Links to other websites Third party websites linked to or from the Website ("Linked Site(s)") are independently operated and maintained by such third parties and are not under the control of Kubota. Use of a Linked Site shall be subject to the terms and conditions stipulated by the operator of each Linked Site. Kubota assumes no responsibility for the contents of any Linked Site. In no event shall Kubota be liable for any loss or damage incurred by accessing or using any Linked Site. Nothing contained on the Website shall be interpreted as a recommendation and/or endorsement by Kubota of the content of a Linked Site, or any product and/or service appearing on and/or provided through such a Linked Site. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to constitute a partnership or similar relationship between the operators of any Linked Site and Kubota. User-provided Information By sending any comment, questions, information, proposals, ideas, etc.("Comments") to Kubota, then such Comments will be treated with the understanding that you agreed to the following terms: Kubota will not treat the Comments as confidential or proprietary information.Kubota will not assume any obligation to consider, evaluate, or adopt the Comments.Even in the event that Kubota adopts any comments identical to, or similar in part or in whole to, the Comments, Kubota assumes no responsibility and shall not be liable to any Comments provider for any compensation. Privacy Policy In some cases, the Website may require users to provide personal information such as, but not limited to, name, address, mail address, and telephone number for a specific form. Kubota may disclose personal information to third parties and its affiliates under the following conditions: When you have agreed to such disclosure.When services and products offered on the Website are subcontracted or represented by a third party.When appropriate for any of our affiliates, agencies, or dealers to respond to inquiries from users.When required by a court or laws and regulations.Privacy Policy Usage of Cookies The Website uses cookies for efficient operation. Cookies allow us to identify a user’s computer, but without the user’s consent, we are unable to acquire any information that can be used to personally identify a user. Although users may opt to refuse to accept cookies, or opt for a notification to be displayed when they receive a cookie, doing so may result in restricted user experiences such as the inability to use personalization functions. Links to the Website You may link any website to the Website, as long as you inform Kubota of the URL of the linked website and provide the name of a contact person. In addition, you must agree to the following: In no event will Kubota be liable for loss or damage incurred by linking to the Website.Kubota assumes neither any responsibility nor any obligation for the link to the Website. Linking to the Website does not grant any rights from Kubota.The URL and contents of the Website may be changed or deleted without prior notice. Notification of changes or deletion of the contents will not be provided.No cross-links will be made.Please make sure that the Website is presented in a way that permits a third party to clearly understand that the Website content belongs to Kubota, e.g., the Website should not appear within the frame of another website. Please do not use our logo without permission.Links from websites containing the following will be denied. The Website will also not be referenced in emails: Content that is illegal or violates the standards of public order and decency (inducement to criminal, illegal, or antisocial activities; including expressions of discrimination)Adult contentContent deemed offensive to Kubota, any of its affiliates, or any third party Applicable Laws and Jurisdiction Use of the Website and the Terms and Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Japanese laws, unless otherwise specified. All disputes and lawsuits over use of the Website, unless otherwise specified, shall be submitted to the Osaka District Court in Japan as the exclusive court of first instance. Discover KubotaCorporate InformationInnovationSustainabilityProducts & SolutionsFor InvestorsContact UsTerms of UsePrivacy PolicySocial Media PolicySitemap KUBOTA Corporation © 1996- KUBOTA Corporation.