Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as “Policy”) is aimed at assisting you to understand the privacy details about how VISHA GROUP and its global affiliates (hereinafter referred to “VISHA” and “We”) manage your Personal Information that you provide to VISHA when you are using VISHA products or services, including how VISHA collect, process and transmit your Personal Information, etc. Personal Information referred to in this Policy means all your data that VISHA acquires when you browse VISHA website and use VISHA products or services. Personal Data mentioned in this Policy refers to the Personal Information that can be used to identify an individual on its own or in combination with other information. This Policy applies to VISHA websites, products, and services that display or provide links to this Policy. Once you use VISHA products or services, you shall be deemed to have read, agreed and accepted all terms and conditions stated in this Policy as well as all the changes we have made at any time. VISHA respects and protects your personal privacy, please read carefully and understand this Policy before providing your Personal Information to VISHA or allowing VISHA to collect your Personal Information. 1. How VISHA collects your Personal Information In order to provide services to you or to better provide our services to you, we will acquire your Personal Information by the following ways no matter whether it is the Personal Data prescribed in this Policy or not: 1.1 Personal Information you provide to VISHA when you surfer VISHA website and use VISHA products or services For example, 1) The Personal Information that you submitted to set up and generate a personal account before using VISHA services or products; and 2) The Personal Information that you provide to VISHA to contact you for after-sales support or interaction in forum. 1.2 Information you provide to VISHA when you send us a query, suggestion, or request For example, after providing your Personal Data to VISHA, you may want to know how we use and process your Personal Data and whether we disclose your Personal Data to third parties or not, or you may contact us to request deletion of your Personal Data. 1.3 Service-related information collected by VISHA devices For example, 1) we may collect necessary information to activate your after-sales service, software access, and forum interaction when you use VISHA devices; and 2) we may collect logs generated by abnormal operation of the devices and information on users’ habit to optimize product experience during your use of VISHA devices. 1.4 Personal Information collected when you use third party’s services or applications As permitted by law, we may collect your Personal Information from third party’s social networking services or pre-installed third-party applications when you use them. 2. Types of Personal Information that may be collected by VISHA 2.1 Basic personal information i. Registration information: such as phone number, name, birthday, nationality, age and your city, etc. ii. Account information: such as profile picture, delivery address, e-mail address and account, etc. iii. User information synchronized via cloud backup function or other applications. iv. Other basic information we may collect from you. 2.2 Service data information i. Device information: including but not limited to device model, device identification number (IMEI and SN), mobile phone number, WIFI MAC address, PLMN, version of android system, version of software and network operator. ii. Device operation status and logs of operation: including but not limited to CPU load, storage status, device temperature, battery capacity, key words searched in browser or application, mobile data traffic/speed, signal intensity of mobile network, information of daemon, user habit, logs of abnormal operation of the device. iii. Location information: accurate or ambiguous location information we collect when you use navigation software or search weather conditions, longitude and latitude generated by GPS or Wi-Fi hotspot, community identity or country code, etc. iv. Product information: such as user’s feedback, third party’s applications installed on the phone, etc. v. Cookie information: VISHA website, interactive application software, VISHA products and advertising may collect and store your relevant Personal Information through cookie, pixel tags and web beacon. vi. Third-party application ID information: Android ID, Google Advertising ID, Facebook ID, What’s app ID, etc. Apart from the Personal Data mentioned in this Policy, Personal Information collected by VISHA may also include non-identifiable information. Non-identifiable information refers to the Personal Information that could not lead to the identification of an individual, such as the number of visits to a website, APP downloads, and other statistics.VISHA may decide on its own the processing, use, and disclosure of non-identifiable information. When we process your Personal Data based on this Privacy Policy or applicable laws, VISHA entity who makes contact with you, or replies to your request is the controller of your Personal Data. 3. How VISHA use your Personal Information VISHA shall comply with applicable legal requirements when using your Personal Information. Such requirements generally include: i. Processing of Personal Data on the basis of your consent with regard to a specific purpose; ii. Processing of your Personal Data for the fulfillment of legal obligations; iii. Data processing that is necessary for the performance of a contract you have entered into, or measures VISHA shall take at your request prior to entering into a contract; iv. Data processing carried out for the legitimate interests pursued by VISHA or a third party. Such legitimate interests include: 1) safety of VISHA products, services, websites and its customers; 2) VISHA's property and honorary rights and interests, including fixed assets, intangible assets, goodwill, etc; 3) VISHA's internal management needs; 4) VISHA's provision of products or services to users or better provision of products or services to users; 5) other legitimate interests of VISHA or of a third party; v. Data processing that is necessary for protecting the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person; vi. Data processing carried out for the performance of a task related to the public interest; We may use your Personal Information for the following purposes: i. Provide you with registration service and account management service. ii. Analyze your usage information, habits and preference to improve user experience. iii. Provide information which may interest you with your permission. iv. Provide good after sales service for you. v. Carry out macro customer survey and analyze our market share. vi. Feedback error report, locate quickly to solve abnormal issues. vii. Optimize performance of the device and improve functions design to provide better products and services for you. viii. Provide convenience for your information backup. ix. Preference configuration to provide the better use experience and improve the quality of the service. 4. How VISHA disclose your Personal Information Under the relevant applicable laws, VISHA may disclose your Personal Information under the following situations: i. VISHA may share your Personal Information within its internal group. ii. VISHA may share your Personal Information with reliable partners or service providers. For example, when our partner is providing a service, VISHA may share with the partner the necessary information, such as device identification code, to provide you with better service. Or when you buy VISHA products on-line, VISHA may provide your relevant Personal Information to logistics service provider to arrange product delivery. iii. Disclose your Personal Information if required by law. In order to execute or to assist in executing some legal or administrative procedures, VISHA may provide your Personal Information to the relevant law enforcement agencies or government sectors. iv. VISHA may disclose your Personal Information under other circumstances where such disclosure is required for universal justice as deemed by VISHA. Such circumstances include the disclosure to prevent personal injury or death or to avoid significant property losses or to protect social public interest. 5. Cross-border transfer of your Personal Information In order to provide better services for you, VISHA may transfer your Personal Information to third countries for storing and processing, or your Personal Information may be accessed by other third countries. Privacy laws may vary among these countries, and we will take appropriate measures to process the Personal Information in accordance with the laws where the Personal Information is located. 6. How to access, modify and delete your Personal Data As the user of the products or services, you are obliged to ensure the completeness and accuracy of the Personal Data you provided and carefully keep your Personal Data safe. We will protect and update your Personal Data on time and try our best to ensure your normal use of the products and services. In accordance with your rights under relevant applicable law, you may exercise: 1) right of access, i.e. the right to have access to your Personal Data held by VISHA and to know whether Personal Data concerning him or her are being processed or not; 2) right to rectification, i.e. the right to request rectification of the inaccurate Personal Data we hold concerning you; 3) right to erasure, i.e. the right to request us to erasure of the Personal Data concerning you; 4) right to restriction of processing, i.e. the right to restrict our processing of your Personal Data; 5) right to object, i.e.the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data; 6) right to data portability, i.e. the right to request us, where technically feasible, to have your Personal Data transmitted to another data controller. To request exercising your rights under the applicable law, please fill out the form attached to this Policy and send to us via email at lihuiking520@gmail.com. We will reply to you in time. While you are exercising your rights under the applicable law, we may investigate the legality and rationality of your request. If we have reasonable grounds or suspect that your request is deceptive, repetitive or infringes upon the rights and freedom of third parties, or if we are unable to get through the investigation, we may ask you to provide further information or may refuse to process your request. You may send your request in written form in order to protect your legitimate rights and interests. After receiving your request, we will process within the period of time as prescribed by applicable law. If you consider that we are in violation of applicable law and have infringed your legitimate rights, you may file a complaint with the authority for the protection of Personal Data in order to resolve the issue. 7. Security measures VISHA take to protect your Personal Information We will provide security measures to VISHA users. We will take reasonable and practicable measures to protect your Personal Data that we collected and prevent your Personal Data from being accessed, tampered, disclosed or destroyed by unauthorized third parties. For example, when you access VISHA account, we have user validation procedure or password retrieve procedure to ensure the security of your account. In the matter of the storage of Personal Data, we have provided security measures to you as well. All your Personal Data will be stored in the secure server, and we will control and protect all the Personal Data. We will determine the storage period of your Personal Data in accordance with the terms and conditions of applicable law. From the perspective of protecting you and your privacy right to the maximum extent, except as otherwise compulsorily stated by law, we will limit the period for which your Personal Data is stored to a strict minimum degree provided that it satisfies the data processing purposes prescribed in this Policy. Our criteria for how long we keep Personal Data mainly include the following two points: 1) time needed to store Personal Data for completing the relevant business; 2) terms and conditions of applicable law. In addition, there are duties of confidentiality in the contract signed between VISHA and its partners. If a partner breaches the confidentiality obligation in the contract and brings about losses to the obligee, VISHA will impose legal liabilities on the partner and terminate the business relationship with the partner. There is no absolutely safe website, Internet transmission, computer system and wireless connections. Except the necessary protective measures we have taken, users have to strengthen the awareness of privacy security risks. For example, when skipping to third party websites, links, products or services through our services, please carefully read through the terms and conditions or privacy policies of such websites, links, products or services regarding the security of the data and information collected by them. VISHA shall not be liable for any actions you make thereof. If you find certain contents, advertisements, or functions in our website, products or services that may be possibly provided by third parties, and may possibly endanger your privacy and security, please contact VISHA at lihuiking520@gmail.com and we will handle with priority. 8. How VISHA handle Personal Data of minors Minors are not allowed to use VISHA products and services without the consent and guidance of his or her legal guardians. In principle, we will not take initiative to collect the Personal Data of a minor and only with the consent of his or her legal guardians, we will collect his or her Personal Data. As to the disclosure of the Personal Data of a minor, we will provide, in principle, only when permission is given by his/her legal guardian, or where the law or relevant government sector legitimately requires. In addition, if you find that a minor sends his or her Personal Data to VISHA without the consent of his or her guardian, please fill out the form attached to this Policy and send to us via email at lihuiking520@gmail.com. We will reply to you in time. 9. Products and services from third parties VISHA’s privacy policy does not apply to any products or services provided by third parties. You may receive links of websites, contents and services from third parties when you use VISHA products or services.Please carefully read and understand the privacy policy of third parties before you submit any data and information, for VISHA cannot control third parties and cannot require them to abide by VISHA's Policy. 10. Complement to the Policy This Policy mainly lays out how VISHA will collect, process and internationally transmit your Personal Information when you browse VISHA website and use VISHA products or services. However, it is impossible to complete enumeration how We collect data, what kind of data We collect, how We use and process the data and the conditions We disclose the data in this Policy. VISHA may send the complementary notice when we collect, process, disclose and internationally transmit your specific Personal Information. 11. Update of this Policy VISHA reserves the right to modify this Policy. If this Policy is modified, VISHA will publish the latest policy in VISHA official website as below: 12. How to contact VISHA VISHA has appointed a Data Protection Officer. For any questions in relation to the protection of personal privacy, please contact our Data Protection Officer by filling out the form attached to this Policy and sending the completed form to our email adress at lihuiking520@gmail.com. If you have any questions or suggestions about this Policy, please contact us by the following information: Phone: +8613020232690 Email: lihuiking520@gmail.comPrivacy Policy This Privacy Policy (hereinafter referred to as “Policy”) is aimed at assisting you to understand the privacy details about how Shanghai Shalltry Technology Limited. and its global affiliates (hereinafter referred to “SHALLTRY” and “We”) manage your Personal Information that you provide to SHALLTRY when you are using SHALLTRY products or services, including how SHALLTRY collect, process and transmit your Personal Information, etc. Personal Information referred to in this Policy means all your data that SHALLTRY acquires when you browse SHALLTRY website and use SHALLTRY products or services. Personal Data mentioned in this Policy refers to the Personal Information that can be used to identify an individual on its own or in combination with other information. This Policy applies to SHALLTRY websites, products, and services that display or provide links to this Policy. Once you use SHALLTRY products or services, you shall be deemed to have read, agreed and accepted all terms and conditions stated in this Policy as well as all the changes we have made at any time. SHALLTRY respects and protects your personal privacy, please read carefully and understand this Policy before providing your Personal Information to SHALLTRY or allowing SHALLTRY to collect your Personal Information. 1. How SHALLTRY collects your Personal Information In order to provide services to you or to better provide our services to you, we will acquire your Personal Information by the following ways no matter whether it is the Personal Data prescribed in this Policy or not: 1.1 Personal Information you provide to SHALLTRY when you surfer SHALLTRY website and use SHALLTRY products or services For example, 1) The Personal Information that you submitted to set up and generate a personal account before using SHALLTRY services or products; and 2) The Personal Information that you provide to SHALLTRY to contact you for after-sales support or interaction in forum. 1.2 Information you provide to SHALLTRY when you send us a query, suggestion, or request For example, after providing your Personal Data to SHALLTRY, you may want to know how we use and process your Personal Data and whether we disclose your Personal Data to third parties or not, or you may contact us to request deletion of your Personal Data. 1.3 Service-related information collected by SHALLTRY devices For example, 1) we may collect necessary information to activate your after-sales service, software access, and forum interaction when you use SHALLTRY devices; and 2) we may collect logs generated by abnormal operation of the devices and information on users’ habit to optimize product experience during your use of SHALLTRY devices. 1.4 Personal Information collected when you use third party’s services or applications As permitted by law, we may collect your Personal Information from third party’s social networking services or pre-installed third-party applications when you use them. 2. Types of Personal Information that may be collected by SHALLTRY 2.1 Basic personal information i. Registration information: such as phone number, name, birthday, nationality, age and your city, etc. ii. Account information: such as profile picture, delivery address, e-mail address and account, etc. iii. User information synchronized via cloud backup function or other applications. iv. Other basic information we may collect from you. 2.2 Service data information i. Device information: including but not limited to device model, device identification number (IMEI and SN), mobile phone number, WIFI MAC address, PLMN, version of android system, version of software and network operator. ii. Device operation status and logs of operation: including but not limited to CPU load, storage status, device temperature, battery capacity, key words searched in browser or application, mobile data traffic/speed, signal intensity of mobile network, information of daemon, user habit, logs of abnormal operation of the device. iii. Location information: accurate or ambiguous location information we collect when you use navigation software or search weather conditions, longitude and latitude generated by GPS or Wi-Fi hotspot, community identity or country code, etc. iv. Product information: such as user’s feedback, third party’s applications installed on the phone, etc. v. Cookie information: SHALLTRY website, interactive application software, SHALLTRY products and advertising may collect and store your relevant Personal Information through cookie, pixel tags and web beacon. vi. Third-party application ID information: Android ID, Google Advertising ID, Facebook ID, What’s app ID, etc. Apart from the Personal Data mentioned in this Policy, Personal Information collected by SHALLTRY may also include non-identifiable information.Non-identifiable information refers to the Personal Information that could not lead to the identification of an individual, such as the number of visits to a website, APP downloads, and other statistics. SHALLTRY may decide on its own the processing, use, and disclosure of non-identifiable information. When we process your Personal Data based on this Privacy Policy or applicable laws, SHALLTRY entity who makes contact with you, or replies to your request is the controller of your Personal Data. 3. How SHALLTRY use your Personal Information SHALLTRY shall comply with applicable legal requirements when using your Personal Information. Such requirements generally include: i. Processing of Personal Data on the basis of your consent with regard to a specific purpose; ii. Processing of your Personal Data for the fulfillment of legal obligations; iii. Data processing that is necessary for the performance of a contract you have entered into, or measures SHALLTRY shall take at your request prior to entering into a contract; iv. Data processing carried out for the legitimate interests pursued by SHALLTRY or a third party. Such legitimate interests include: 1) safety of SHALLTRY products, services, websites and its customers; 2) SHALLTRY's property and honorary rights and interests, including fixed assets, intangible assets, goodwill, etc; 3) SHALLTRY's internal management needs; 4) SHALLTRY's provision of products or services to users or better provision of products or services to users; 5) other legitimate interests of SHALLTRY or of a third party; v. Data processing that is necessary for protecting the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person; vi. Data processing carried out for the performance of a task related to the public interest; We may use your Personal Information for the following purposes: i. Provide you with registration service and account management service. ii. Analyze your usage information, habits and preference to improve user experience. iii. Provide information which may interest you with your permission. iv. Provide good after sales service for you. v. Carry out macro customer survey and analyze our market share. vi. Feedback error report, locate quickly to solve abnormal issues. vii. Optimize performance of the device and improve functions design to provide better products and services for you. viii. Provide convenience for your information backup. ix. Preference configuration to provide the better use experience and improve the quality of the service. 4. How SHALLTRY disclose your Personal Information Under the relevant applicable laws, SHALLTRY may disclose your Personal Information under the following situations: i. SHALLTRY may share your Personal Information within its internal group. ii. SHALLTRY may share your Personal Information with reliable partners or service providers. For example, when our partner is providing a service, SHALLTRY may share with the partner the necessary information, such as device identification code, to provide you with better service. Or when you buy SHALLTRY products on-line, SHALLTRY may provide your relevant Personal Information to logistics service provider to arrange product delivery. iii. Disclose your Personal Information if required by law. In order to execute or to assist in executing some legal or administrative procedures, SHALLTRY may provide your Personal Information to the relevant law enforcement agencies or government sectors. iv. SHALLTRY may disclose your Personal Information under other circumstances where such disclosure is required for universal justice as deemed by SHALLTRY. Such circumstances include the disclosure to prevent personal injury or death or to avoid significant property losses or to protect social public interest. 5. Cross-border transfer of your Personal Information In order to provide better services for you, SHALLTRY may transfer your Personal Information to third countries for storing and processing, or your Personal Information may be accessed by other third countries. Privacy laws may vary among these countries, and we will take appropriate measures to process the Personal Information in accordance with the laws where the Personal Information is located. 6. How to access, modify and delete your Personal Data As the user of the products or services, you are obliged to ensure the completeness and accuracy of the Personal Data you provided and carefully keep your Personal Data safe. We will protect and update your Personal Data on time and try our best to ensure your normal use of the products and services. In accordance with your rights under relevant applicable law, you may exercise: 1) right of access, i.e. the right to have access to your Personal Data held by SHALLTRY and to know whether Personal Data concerning him or her are being processed or not; 2) right to rectification, i.e.the right to request rectification of the inaccurate Personal Data we hold concerning you; 3) right to erasure, i.e. the right to request us to erasure of the Personal Data concerning you; 4) right to restriction of processing, i.e. the right to restrict our processing of your Personal Data; 5) right to object, i.e. the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data; 6) right to data portability, i.e. the right to request us, where technically feasible, to have your Personal Data transmitted to another data controller. To request exercising your rights under the applicable law, please fill out the form attached to this Policy and send to us via email at shtranssion@gmail.com. We will reply to you in time. While you are exercising your rights under the applicable law, we may investigate the legality and rationality of your request. If we have reasonable grounds or suspect that your request is deceptive, repetitive or infringes upon the rights and freedom of third parties, or if we are unable to get through the investigation, we may ask you to provide further information or may refuse to process your request. You may send your request in written form in order to protect your legitimate rights and interests. After receiving your request, we will process within the period of time as prescribed by applicable law. If you consider that we are in violation of applicable law and have infringed your legitimate rights, you may file a complaint with the authority for the protection of Personal Data in order to resolve the issue. 7. Security measures SHALLTRY take to protect your Personal Information We will provide security measures to SHALLTRY users. We will take reasonable and practicable measures to protect your Personal Data that we collected and prevent your Personal Data from being accessed, tampered, disclosed or destroyed by unauthorized third parties. For example, when you access SHALLTRY account, we have user validation procedure or password retrieve procedure to ensure the security of your account. In the matter of the storage of Personal Data, we have provided security measures to you as well. All your Personal Data will be stored in the secure server, and we will control and protect all the Personal Data. We will determine the storage period of your Personal Data in accordance with the terms and conditions of applicable law. From the perspective of protecting you and your privacy right to the maximum extent, except as otherwise compulsorily stated by law, we will limit the period for which your Personal Data is stored to a strict minimum degree provided that it satisfies the data processing purposes prescribed in this Policy. Our criteria for how long we keep Personal Data mainly include the following two points: 1) time needed to store Personal Data for completing the relevant business; 2) terms and conditions of applicable law. In addition, there are duties of confidentiality in the contract signed between SHALLTRY and its partners. If a partner breaches the confidentiality obligation in the contract and brings about losses to the obligee, SHALLTRY will impose legal liabilities on the partner and terminate the business relationship with the partner. There is no absolutely safe website, Internet transmission, computer system and wireless connections. Except the necessary protective measures we have taken, users have to strengthen the awareness of privacy security risks. For example, when skipping to third party websites, links, products or services through our services, please carefully read through the terms and conditions or privacy policies of such websites, links, products or services regarding the security of the data and information collected by them. SHALLTRY shall not be liable for any actions you make thereof. If you find certain contents, advertisements, or functions in our website, products or services that may be possibly provided by third parties, and may possibly endanger your privacy and security, please contact SHALLTRY at shtranssion@gmail.com and we will handle with priority. 8. How SHALLTRY handle Personal Data of minors Minors are not allowed to use SHALLTRY products and services without the consent and guidance of his or her legal guardians. In principle, we will not take initiative to collect the Personal Data of a minor and only with the consent of his or her legal guardians, we will collect his or her Personal Data. As to the disclosure of the Personal Data of a minor, we will provide, in principle, only when permission is given by his/her legal guardian, or where the law or relevant government sector legitimately requires. In addition, if you find that a minor sends his or her Personal Data to SHALLTRY without the consent of his or her guardian, please fill out the form attached to this Policy and send to us via email at shtranssion@gmail.com. We will reply to you in time. 9.Products and services from third parties SHALLTRY’s privacy policy does not apply to any products or services provided by third parties. You may receive links of websites, contents and services from third parties when you use SHALLTRY products or services. Please carefully read and understand the privacy policy of third parties before you submit any data and information, for SHALLTRY cannot control third parties and cannot require them to abide by SHALLTRY's Policy. 10. Complement to the Policy This Policy mainly lays out how SHALLTRY will collect, process and internationally transmit your Personal Information when you browse SHALLTRY website and use SHALLTRY products or services. However, it is impossible to complete enumeration how We collect data, what kind of data We collect, how We use and process the data and the conditions We disclose the data in this Policy. SHALLTRY may send the complementary notice when we collect, process, disclose and internationally transmit your specific Personal Information. 11. Update of this Policy SHALLTRY reserves the right to modify this Policy. If this Policy is modified, SHALLTRY will publish the latest policy in SHALLTRY official website as below: 12. How to contact SHALLTRY SHALLTRY has appointed a Data Protection Officer. For any questions in relation to the protection of personal privacy, please contact our Data Protection Officer by filling out the form attached to this Policy and sending the completed form to our email adress at shtranssion@gmail.com. If you have any questions or suggestions about this Policy, please contact us by the following information: Phone: +86 755 33979228 Address: No.1 Building, No.36 Xuelin Road, China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone E-mail：shtranssion@gmail.comTerms of Use Last update: July8st, 2016 BY ACCEPTING DELIVERY OF THE SOFTWARE AND/OR SERVICES, YOU (HEREINAFTER “User”) ARE EXPRESSLY AGREEING TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT TO THE EXCLUSION OF ALL OTHER TERMS. IF THESE TERMS ARE CONSIDERED AN OFFER BY SHALLTRY, ACCEPTANCE IS EXPRESSLY LIMITED TO THESE TERMS. SHALLTRY IS WILLING TO MAKE THE SOFTWARE AVAILABLE TO USER ONLY UPON THE CONDITION THAT USER ACCEPTS THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. WRITTEN APPROVAL IS NOT A PREREQUISITE TO THE VALIDITY OR ENFORCEABILITY OF THIS AGREEMENT. TERMS AND CONDITIONS. This End-User License Agreement (the “Agreement”) is between User and SHALLTRY holdings. This Agreement governs User’s use of the Software provided to User by SHALLTRY, including any releases of or to the Software that User may receive from SHALLTRY, together with the documentation included therewith. 1. DEFINITIONS. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms will have the following meanings: 1.1 "User" means the legal entity or person who orders or downloads the Software and/or activates the Services. 1.2 "Documentation" means the standard end-user technical documentation, specifications, materials and other information SHALLTRY supplies with the Software and/or Services. 1.3"Software" means the proprietary SHALLTRY software products (in object code format only) delivered to User hereunder (including but not limited to the Browser), together with any update or upgrade thereto, when and if made available to you by SHALLTRY. Software does not include Third-Party Software. 1.5 "Third-Party Software" means the software of certain third parties that SHALLTRY may deliver with the Software, including but not limited to widgets of certain third parties and independent developers. 1.6 "Use" means to cause a computer system to execute any machine-executable portion of the Software in accordance with the Documentation or to make use of any Documentation or related materials in connection with the execution of any machine-executable portion of the Software. 2. LICENSE. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, SHALLTRY hereby grants User a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to use the Services and to install and Use the Software supplied to User hereunder, as installed on User’s personal computer, or on computers within User’s organization. 3. LICENSE RESTRICTIONS AND THIRD-PARTY SOFTWARE. 3.1 User shall not and shall not allow any third party to: (1) Use the Software or Services except as expressly permitted under Section 2; (2) Separate the component programs of the Software for use on different computers; (3) Adapt, alter, publicly display, publicly perform, translate, embed into any other product, or otherwise create derivative works of, or otherwise modify the Software or Services; (4) Sublicense, lease, rent, loan, or distribute the Software or Services to any third party; (5) transfer the Software or Services to any third party; (6) Reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble, or otherwise attempt to derive the source code for the Software, except as permitted by applicable law (7) Remove, alter or obscure any proprietary notices on the Software or Services, or the applicable documentation therefore; or (8) Allow third parties to access or use the Software or Services, including without limitation any use in any application service provider environment, service bureau, or time-sharing arrangements. 3.2 Third-Party Software is subject to separate terms and conditions included with, or contained in the setup installation segments of such Third-Party Software. The license restrictions contained in this Agreement do not apply to Third-Party Software to the extent they are inconsistent with such Third-Party Software terms. SHALLTRY shall not be responsible for any Third Party Software. 4. USE OF SERVICES 4.1 SHALLTRY provides users with access to a rich collection of resources and Services, including without limitation various communications tools, and personalized content through its network of services, which may be accessed through any various medium or device now known or hereafter, developed. 4.2 SHALLTRY reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the Services (or any part thereof) with or without notice. User agrees that SHALLTRY shall not be liable to User or to any third-party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Services.4.3 Without limiting the applicability of the foregoing general terms, the following terms and conditions apply for the specific services discussed below. 5. PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. User acknowledges and agrees that the Services and the Software, including without limitation the Software’s sequence, structure, organization, source code and applicable documentation contains valuable trade secrets and other intellectual property of SHALLTRY and its suppliers and is considered SHALLTRY’s confidential information. The Software and Services are licensed and not sold to User, and no title or ownership to such Software or Services or the intellectual property rights embodied therein passes as a result of this Agreement or any act pursuant to this Agreement. The Software and Services and all intellectual property rights therein are the exclusive property of SHALLTRY and its suppliers, and all rights in and to the Software and Services not expressly granted to User in this Agreement are reserved. SHALLTRY owns all copies of the Software, however made. Nothing in this Agreement will be deemed to grant, by implication, estoppel or otherwise, a license under any existing or future patents of SHALLTRY, except to the extent necessary for User to use the Software or Services as expressly permitted under this Agreement. 6. PRIVACY. SHALLTRY takes the matters of protection and security of its users information very seriously and will treat any and all such information in accordance with the SHALLTRY Privacy Statement and incorporated into this Agreement by this reference. 7. TERM AND TERMINATION. The term of this Agreement will commence upon User’s download of the Software and/or User’s commencement of the Services and, unless earlier terminated as provided in this Section 7, will continue in perpetuity. This Agreement will immediately terminate upon User’s breach of this Agreement, unless such breach is curable and is actually and immediately cured by User after SHALLTRY provides notice of breach to User. Upon the termination of this Agreement, User will discontinue all use of the Software and/or Services, promptly destroy or have destroyed the Software and any copies thereof, and, upon request by SHALLTRY, certify in writing to SHALLTRY that such destruction has taken place. These remedies are cumulative and in addition to any other remedies available to SHALLTRY. Sections 1, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, and 12, shall survive such termination. 8. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. THE SOFTWARE AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS,” AND ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, AND STATUTORY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR USE, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, AND QUIET ENJOYMENT, OR OTHER WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS ARISING BY STATUTE, OPERATION OR LAW, COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OF TRADE OR OTHERWISE ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO USER. SHALLTRY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE USE OF THE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR FREE OR THAT THE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES DO NOT CONTAIN ANY VIRUSES. THIS WARRANTY DISCLAIMER IS A FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN USER AND SHALLTRY. SHALLTRY WOULD NOT PROVIDE THE SOFTWARE OR SERVICES ABSENT SUCH DISCLAIMER. NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ARE MADE BY ANY SUPPLIERS TO SHALLTRY UNDER OR BY VIRTUE OF THIS AGREEMENT. In order to improve user experience and provide better service to our users, we will gather some information about the device you are using under the premise of appropriate protection of your privacy. This statement explains how this information will be collected and what do we use it for. 8.1. Processing 8.1.1 Information we collect We collect this information to help us provide better service to our users, it may include some basic information (such as machine id, user-submitted information, IP addresses) and some complex information (such as usage patterns). No personally identifiable information is collected. 8.1.2 Methods of collection Information you provide to us. You are required to register a SHALLTRY account to access many services we provide. When you sign up for a SHALLTRY account, information such as your email address is needed. Information we acquire when you use our services.We will gather some information of the services you use and the way you use them. 8.2. Purposes 8.2.1 Personal data is collected, stored, used, and transferred only for the specific purposes mentioned in the privacy policies. Processing of personal data shall be done for purposes of running, debugging, maintenance, and/or optimization of the service and/or to maintain customer relationships. 8.2.2 When you contact with SHALLTRY, communication between us will be recorded to help you solve any problems you may have. We may send you some emails about our services. For example, informing you a new update is available. 8.2.3 Use of relevant information will be in strict compliance with this privacy policy. 8.3. Transfer We may share some information under some circumstances. SHALLTRY will never disclose, share, or distribute any personal data to any third party except where required by law or regulation. If SHALLTRY is involved in any merger, acquisition or asset sales, we will keep your information confidential and inform affected users before we transfer any personal information. 8.4. Exemption Clauses The above personal information shall not be publicized, edited or disclosed without lawful authorization by the user unless the publication, the editing or the disclosure is done – (1) In accordance with national laws, regulations or rules; or (2) For enforcement of applicable terms of use (including the investigation of possible breaches of terms); or (3) For detection, prevention or processing fraudulence, safety or technical problems. The protection of your rights shall be extended to the extent failure to protect is the result of any following Force Majeure events, and you will be timely informed of – (1) Hacking attacks; (2) Significant impacts caused by telecom operators; (3) Network or website closure caused by governmental regulations; (4) Virus attacks; (5) Events (for example, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism) that are unforeseen or irresistible beyond reasonable control. 9. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT SHALL SHALLTRY BE LIABLE FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION: DAMAGES FOR INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, LOST DATA, LOST PROFITS, OR THE LIKE) REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION NEGLIGENCE), STRICT PRODUCT LIABILITY, OR OTHER THEORY, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT WILL THE CUMULATIVE LIABILITY OF SHALLTRY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID TO SHALLTRY IN RESPECT OF THE SOFTWARE GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM OR IF NO FEES WERE PAID THEN FIVE HUNDRED EUROS. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE FOREGOING EXCLUSION AND LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO USER. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY WILL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY SET FORTH HEREIN. IN NO EVENT WILL ANY SUPPLIER TO SHALLTRY HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO USER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY IS A FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN USER AND SHALLTRY. SHALLTRY WOULD NOT PROVIDE THE SOFTWARE TO USER ABSENT SUCH LIMITATION. 10. NOTICES. All notices required under this Agreement will be given as follows: (a) in the case of notices to SHALLTRY, such notice to be deemed effective upon receipt by SHALLTRY; and (b) in the case of notices to User, by email to the email address that User provided to SHALLTRY prior to initiating the download of the Software or start of the Services, such notice to be deemed effective upon the earlier of (i) twenty-four (24) hours after sending, or (ii) User’s actual receipt of any such e-mail. 11. INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. User acknowledges and agrees that the Software and Services contain valuable trade secrets, confidential information and proprietary information of SHALLTRY. User further acknowledge that any actual or threatened breach or violation of Section 2 or Section 3 of this Agreement will constitute immediate, irreparable harm to SHALLTRY for which monetary damages would be an inadequate remedy, and that injunctive relief is an appropriate remedy for any such breach or violation. 12. GENERAL. User acknowledges and agrees that the Software may contain cryptographic functionality the export of which is restricted under applicable export control law. User will comply with all applicable laws and regulations in User’s activities under this Agreement.User will not export or re-export the Software in violation of such laws or regulations or without all required licenses and authorizations. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of China without giving effect to any conflicts of law principles that may require the application of the laws of a different country. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply to this Agreement. All actions or proceedings arising under or related to this Agreement must be brought in SHALLTRY holdings, and each party hereby agrees to irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction and venue of any such court in all such actions or proceedings. If any provision of this Agreement is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or impaired thereby. User may not assign or transfer this Agreement without obtaining SHALLTRY’s prior written consent, and any purported assignment or transfer in violation of this Section 12 will be null and void. SHALLTRY may update the terms of this Agreement if and when User install and update or upgrade to the Software and/or Services. User will be responsible for all of User’s access and data charges from User’s Internet service provider or mobile operator.