Transmission A Fast, Easy, and Free BitTorrent client Skip to content Search Advanced search Quick links Unanswered topics Active topics Search FAQ Login Register Board index Search Transmission - Privacy policy This policy explains in detail how "Transmission" along with its affiliated companies (hereinafter "we", "us", "our", "Transmission", "https://forum.transmissionbt.com") and phpBB (hereinafter "they", "them", "their", "phpBB software", "www.phpbb.com", "phpBB Limited", "phpBB Teams") use any information collected during any session of usage by you (hereinafter "your information"). Your information is collected via two ways. Firstly, by browsing "Transmission" will cause the phpBB software to create a number of cookies, which are small text files that are downloaded on to your computer's web browser temporary files. The first two cookies just contain a user identifier (hereinafter "user-id") and an anonymous session identifier (hereinafter "session-id"), automatically assigned to you by the phpBB software. A third cookie will be created once you have browsed topics within "Transmission" and is used to store which topics have been read, thereby improving your user experience. We may also create cookies external to the phpBB software whilst browsing "Transmission", though these are outside the scope of this document which is intended to only cover the pages created by the phpBB software. The second way in which we collect your information is by what you submit to us. This can be, and is not limited to: posting as an anonymous user (hereinafter "anonymous posts"), registering on "Transmission" (hereinafter "your account") and posts submitted by you after registration and whilst logged in (hereinafter "your posts"). Your account will at a bare minimum contain a uniquely identifiable name (hereinafter "your user name"), a personal password used for logging into your account (hereinafter "your password") and a personal, valid email address (hereinafter "your email"). Your information for your account at "Transmission" is protected by data-protection laws applicable in the country that hosts us. Any information beyond your user name, your password, and your email address required by "Transmission" during the registration process is either mandatory or optional, at the discretion of "Transmission". In all cases, you have the option of what information in your account is publicly displayed. Furthermore, within your account, you have the option to opt-in or opt-out of automatically generated emails from the phpBB software. Your password is ciphered (a one-way hash) so that it is secure. However, it is recommended that you do not reuse the same password across a number of different websites. Your password is the means of accessing your account at "Transmission", so please guard it carefully and under no circumstance will anyone affiliated with "Transmission", phpBB or another 3rd party, legitimately ask you for your password. Should you forget your password for your account, you can use the "I forgot my password" feature provided by the phpBB software. This process will ask you to submit your user name and your email, then the phpBB software will generate a new password to reclaim your account. Board index All times are UTC Delete cookies Powered by phpBB® Forum Software © phpBB Limited Privacy TermsTransmission A Fast, Easy, and Free BitTorrent client Search Advanced search Quick links Unanswered topics Active topics Search FAQ Login Register Board index General Web Interface Search Post Reply Print view Search Advanced search Page of Jump to page: NextQuote Post Prerequisites: You have an up-and-running transmission-daemon WITH a working web UI.You have an up-and-running transmission-daemon WITH a working web UI.You have an up-and-running transmission-daemon WITH a working web UI. Installation: Download the zip file from github and unzip on your machine where transmission-daemon resides. (Or use git for future easy updating.)Verify that transmission-daemon has proper access to the files. (See chmod and/or chown.)Set the TRANSMISSION_WEB_HOME environment variable to the path to where you placed the Shift files. Example: Code: Select all If transmission-daemon is executed from a script you should put the export command in there.If transmission-daemon is executed from a systemd script you should add an Environment line there. Code: Select all (Re)start transmission-daemon.Once started any changes to index.html, shift.js or any other file will be picked up after a page reload. Screenshots: Related TRAC tickets: Download specific files via http from the web-ui - Shift allows you to create URLs for the files within a torrent. You need a proper web(/*)server to serve those files. Enable Queue sub-menu only if sorting is set to 'By Queue' - As of 2.40 every torrent has a queue index. Shift shows it and also allows you to change it. It can be used in many ways. setInterval()-based polling causes problems ... - Shift uses Prototype's Ajax.PeriodicalUpdater . Loading big chunks of static data every time is not helping either. Mass adding of trackers - You can find it under Session/Shift. Rename single files in Web UI - Implemented. You can find it under Torrent/Files. Web UI: allow drag'n'dropping torrent files into the browser - Implemented since like forever. Add downloaded queue size/enabled option to preference in web - All properties are shown by default. Sort torrents by amount of data uploaded - Shift shows this column when filtering on status = "Seeding" and then it is automatically sortable. Content Security Policy for WebUI - Shift is self contained and approved to work with the upcoming Content Security Policy. Web-UI does not allow copying of Magnet-Link - You can find the link in the torrent details. You can even download the actual torrent if you configure and symlink everything correctly. Web client - keyboard shortcuts - Shift uses very different keyboard shortcuts from what is mentioned in the TRAC ticket. Sort by ETA for transmission-daemon web UI - Torrents are by default filtered by status Downloading and sorted by percentage done in descending order, which is almost the same as ETA. Instructions for adding ETA as a visible column can be found right here . Add the download/upload speed in the title - You can switch between version numbers and upload/download in Session/Shift/showSpeedTitle. Inspector - Clickable urls in Comment field - Implemented. Copy magnet link from the web interface - You can find the link in the torrent details. You can even download the actual torrent if you configure and symlink everything correctly. Use the new API for notifications in the Web Client - Implemented. Always selectable files in torrent - Implemented. IE10 torrent upload not working - The way Shift uploads torrents over rpc was copied to Clutch (main web UI) leading to less supported pre IE10 browsers because of the FileReader api. Disable right-click browser menu - No right-click events used. Delete key should remove torrent from list - Yes, and Shift + Delete should trash it, which it does. Sort setting lost after some days - Torrents are by default filtered by status Downloading and sorted by percentage done in descending order. It is quite easy to change this to fit your needs. Please add setting per-torrent properties to the web interface - Updating ALL editable properties implemented. Possible to include preserved "Sort Transfer By" order state? - Torrents are by default filtered by status (Downloading/Seeding/Stopped...). Possibility to remove torrent data by using toolbar - No right-click events used. Possible to add "Download to: " on torrent upload ? - Implemented using Add button only. Mismatch Torrent Title and associated bar - Row DOM element is tightly coupled with associated torrent. Display total seeding time with torrent details - All properties are shown by default. "secondsSeeding" has been in the RPC-spec since revision 11597 . Mark completed files in torrent in a distinguished way - File download progress is indicated with a percentage, so 100% means complete. "Web Seeds" field is not displayed in the Web Client - Displayed as link in details. Replace existing menus with jQueryUI menu - Shift has no need for this.Once you discover the menus present, you will appreciate their simplicity. Oh, NO right clicks here. Remove libtransmission API for configuring units - Shift uses 1024. Unable to trash and remove torrents from touch devices - No right-click events used. Crash when removing data for incomplete magnetized torrent file - Though fixed in transmission, implemented for older versions. Allow editing tracker list in the webinterface - Basic tracker management implemented. Web Client should allow viewing/changing bandwith priorities for torrents - Updating ALL editable properties implemented. Show folder of torrents in inspector - Implemented and added manipulation per tree node. Allow for adding multiple URLs at one time - Implemented Drag n Drop (And dropping files containing urls). Add download link the web client - Implemented. Multi upload for web ui - Implemented with Drag 'n' Drop and the add torrent dialog. Add "verify torrent" feature to web client as in transmission client - Checking implemented. Add "remove local data" feature to web client as in transmission client - Trashing implemented. Support specification of download directory for individual torrent - Manual entry implemented. Web Interface should support max speed per torrent - Updating ALL editable properties implemented. Upload multiple torrents at once - Implemented with Drag 'n' Drop and the add torrent dialog. Free space - Implemented. "Add torrent by URL" from web client - Implemented. Top Quote Post Top Quote Post Top Quote Post Top Quote Post Top Quote Post Added options for adding torrent.Update file names and links when configuration has changed.Initialize sort order when rendering table. Top Quote Post Fixed periodical updater to keep it from forking on onFailure.Changed Add and About popups to fixed position. Top Quote Post Top Quote Post Top Quote Post Top Quote Post Top Quote Post Torrent details now update.Implemented proper iteration over dropped files.Implemented single click file (de)selection. Prevented trashing incomplete magnets, they are removed separately. Top Quote Post Top Quote Post Top Quote Post Top Post Reply Print view Display: Sort by: Direction: Page of Jump to page: Next Return to “Web Interface” Jump to General↳ General↳ Requests↳ Support↳ Web Interface Mac↳ Mac Requests↳ Mac Support GTK+↳ GTK+ Requests↳ GTK+ Support↳ Binaries Windows↳ Windows Requests↳ Windows SupportBoard index All times are UTC Delete cookies Powered by phpBB ® Forum Software © phpBB Limited Privacy | Terms