Personalization With Privacy and Trust For today’s customers, there are no exceptional experiences without trust. Treasure Data provides everything you need to create personalized customer experiences that are built on a bedrock of trust. Become a Favorite of Your CISO With the industry’s leading security certifications—ISO/IEC 27001, SOC 2 Type 2, and FISC—it’s easy to get your security and compliance teams on board with Treasure Data. Have Trust in Your Data Features like customizable workflows, access control, and PII hiding help you ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of your data. Pair Personalization With Privacy Earn your customers’ trust by pairing one-to-one personalization with one-to-one privacy. “Treasure Data’s security settings are very detailed and can be customized to meet our needs. Working with Treasure Data has increased data security when it comes to PII.” Senior Information Systems Analyst, leading multinational food products corporation Talk with our experts We understand that no two companies operate alike. Our professional services team can help you configure a self-managed solution that meets your budget. Our highly attentive technical support staff is always on hand whenever you need assistance. Boost your skills and credibility with Treasure Data's professional certifications. Linkedin Twitter Facebook Github +1 (650) 772-4500 (Outside US) Copyright © 2023 Treasure Data, Inc. (or its affiliates). All rights reserved. Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelTreasure Data Privacy Hub In June 2021, the European Commission published new 2021 EU Standard Contractual Clauses (“2021 EU SCCs”) that replace the former 2010 Standard Contractual Clauses. If you have a Data Processing Addendum in place with Treasure Data that does not already incorporate the 2021 EU SCCs, you are welcome to sign the “Amendment to Data Processing Addendum” below, which has been pre-signed for Treasure Data. This Amendment also incorporates: (a) the UK Addendum to the 2021 EU SCCs covering relevant transfers of personal data from the United Kingdom to countries without an adequacy finding; and (b) provisions adapting the 2021 EU SCCs to cover relevant transfers of personal data from Switzerland to countries without an adequacy finding. Instructions as to how to complete and sign the “Amendment to Data Processing Addendum (Europe)” can be found at page 1 of the document. Linkedin Twitter Facebook Github +1 (650) 772-4500 (Outside US) Copyright © 2023 Treasure Data, Inc. (or its affiliates). All rights reserved. Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label