Industry Solutions Automotive Consumer Goods Education Financial Services Lottery Pharma Restaurants Retail Travel Products TV Magnify Video Magnify Customers Customers Case Studies resources Newsroom Blog Education & Research Ad Spec Company About Us Supplier Diversity Careers Partnerships Adchoices Policies Contact us Industry Solutions Automotive Consumer Goods Education Financial Services Lottery Pharma Restaurants Retail Travel Products TV Magnify Reach households on the TV and subsequently magnify the same TV ad on their personal device screens. Video Magnify Reach relevant consumers through interactive video ads wherever they may be – in the home or on the go. Customers Customers Delivering trusted TV/Video experiences for major brands. Case Studies Client Success Stories. Resources Education & Research Helpful guides, research, webinars and more. Blog Our latest commentary and findings. Newsroom View the latest press coverage. Ad Specs Creative specifications for our proprietary VDX ad formats. Company About Us Get to know VDX.tv. Supplier Diversity VDX.tv is a certified Minority Business Enterprise. Careers Join our global team – we welcome applicants from anywhere in the world. Partnerships Policies Contact us This website uses cookies. Learn more Privacy Preference Center When you visit websites, they may store or retrieve data in your browser. This storage is often necessary for the basic functionality of the website. The storage may be used for marketing, analytics, and personalization of the site, such as storing your preferences. Privacy is important to us, so you have the option of disabling certain types of storage that may not be necessary for the basic functioning of the website. Blocking categories may impact your experience on the website. Manage Consent Preferences by Category Essential Always Active These items are required to enable basic website functionality. Marketing Essential These items are used to deliver advertising that is more relevant to you and your interests. They may also be used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement and measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. Advertising networks usually place them with the website operator’s permission. Personalization Essential These items allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language, or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For example, a website may provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by storing data about your current location. Analytics Essential These items help the website operator understand how its website performs, how visitors interact with the site, and whether there may be technical issues. This storage type usually doesn’t collect information that identifies a visitor. The Magic of TV Ads, Magnified Magnify the magic of your TV/Video ads from the TV to every household member's personal device screens. Contact us Play video Play video TV Magnify Serve the same TV video ad to all household members' personal digital screens to tip outcomes in your favor. Learn more The Magic of Mid-Funnel Video Ads, Magnified Complement your upper-funnel broadcast TV with mid-funnel TV/video that can further influence outcomes. Awareness Consideration Purchase TV/Video Ads that Maximize: Attention Increase brand impact by leveraging creative ad experiences that are designed to draw in consumer attention and optimized to be in-view. Relevancy Dynamic messaging is customized to be more relevant to each consumer. Interaction Lean-forward interaction (1%+ engagement rate) helps build deeper connections with your brand. Frequency Increased consumer and household ad frequency keeps your brand top-of-mind and tips outcomes in your favor. Industry solutions The Magic of Industry-Specific Solutions, Magnified Our solutions are specifically designed to address each industry vertical's unique challenges, and our dedicated teams are focused on each industry vertical, so we can apply our industry expertise for your brand’s benefit.01 Automotive Automotive Magnified 02 Consumer Goods Consumer Goods Magnified 03 Education Education Magnified 04 Financial Services Financial Services Magnified 05 Lottery Lottery Magnified 06 Pharma Pharma Magnified 07 Restaurants Restaurants Magnified 08 Retail Retail Magnified 09 Travel Travel Magnified Contact us for other industries Customers Delivering trusted TV/Video experiences for major brands View all clients Zayd Sampson Head of Media CPT, Flume Digital Lorena Poza Díaz Marketing and Communication Department, Bizum Anupam Sonker Deputy General Manager - Digital Media, INNOCEAN Worldwide Communication Nicki Lamont Cholfe Senior Manager, Digital Marketing, Plan International Canada Supplier diversity Diversity, Magnified As a privately-owned, certified minority-owned business, we are uniquely positioned to help brands with their marketing supplier diversity initiatives. We also work with minority-owned publishers to further help brands with their diversity initiatives, and we partner with organizations that help bring people from diverse backgrounds into the marketing profession. Learn more Contact us today to get started. Let's work together. Our solution experts are happy to help. Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Industry Solutions Products Customers Resources Company Legal © 2019-2022 VDX.TV. All rights reservedChildren's Privacy Our Site and services are not intended for children. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or sell the personal information of children under the age of sixteen (16). If you are under the age of sixteen (16), please do not access our Site or use our services. If we learn that we have inadvertently collected personal information of children under the age of sixteen (16), we will delete such information unless otherwise required by applicable law, regulation, or rule. Security We use commercially reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security measures to safeguard your information. Despite our efforts, please note that any information disclosed online is inherently vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. As such, we cannot absolutely guarantee total security of your information. Contact Information Please contact us with any questions about this Policy using the information below: United States Address Exponential Interactive, Inc. d/b/a VDX.tvAttn: Legal Department2340 Powell Street, #378Emeryville, CA 94608 U.S. PhoneU.S. toll-free number +1 (800) 480-0816Emeryville local office number +1 (510) 250-5500 United Kingdom Address Exponential Interactive, Inc. d/b/a VDX.tvAttn: Data Protection Officer30 Stamford Street London, SE19LQ Email privacy@vdx.tv To protect the security of your information, we will take steps as we deem necessary to confirm your identity or the identity of your Authorized Agent or valid power of attorney before completing a request or sharing any personal information with you or your Authorized Agent or valid power of attorney. Changes To This Policy We reserve the right to update this Policy at any time and for any reason. Any changes or modifications will be effective as of the “Effective Date” at the top of this Policy. We will notify you about any changes to this Policy by updating the “Last updated” date at the top of this Policy. In some cases, we may also notify you of Policy updates by adding a statement to our Site homepage, via email, or by any other means of communication allowed by law. We encourage you to review this Policy from time to time to stay informed about our privacy practices and your options. By continuing to access or use this Site after those updates become effective, you agree to be bound to the terms of the then-current Policy. California Privacy Rights Under the CCPA, California residents and households have certain rights around the collection, use, and sharing of their personal information. Disclosure or Sale of Personal Information We have not disclosed or sold any personal information to third parties for any business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months. We do not and will not disclose or sell your personal information without giving you notice and an opportunity to opt out of such disclosure or sale as required by law. We do not offer financial incentives associated with our collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information. We collect various categories of personal information when you use this Site or our Partner sites, including identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network or device activity, geolocation data, and professional information. A detailed description of the information we collect and how we use it is provided in Section 1 (Information We Collect and How We Use It) above. Section 3 (Third Parties and Categories of Information) above describes the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information, and what information may be shared and under what circumstances. Information We Collect We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device (“personal information”). In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers from the following within the last twelve (12) months: Under the CCPA, personal information does not include: We receive the categories of personal information listed in the chart above from the following sources: Use of Personal Information We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for some or more of the following business purposes: We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without notifying you as required by law. Sharing Personal Information We may disclose your personal information to a third party (i.e., our Partners) for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information (listed above) for a business purpose with two (2) categories of third parties: (1) service providers (“Service Providers”); and (2) third parties to whom you or your agents authorized us to disclose your information in connection with our products or services (“Authorized Third Parties”) – detailed in the chart below: Your Data Privacy Rights Under CCPA Generally, California resident or household consumers have the following data privacy rights under the CCPA: Right to Know Right to Delete Right to Opt-Out Rights for Minors Right to Non-Discrimination Right to Know (i.e., Information About and Access to Your Personal Information) You have the right to request that we disclose personal information we collected about you pursuant to Civil Code sections 1798.100, 1798.110, or 1798.115 including any or all of the following: In responding to your verified consumer request to know, we will provide information on: The CCPA also requires that if requested, we provide you with responsive materials in a readily usable format that allows you to transmit your information from one (1) entity to another without hindrance. Right to Delete The CCPA generally permits you to request that we and our direct service providers (i.e., Partners) delete personal information collected from you in accordance with Civil Code section 1798.105. However, we are not required to delete your personal information for any of the following reasons: et seq Verifiable Consumer Requests The CCPA considers the right to know and the right to delete as verifiable consumer requests. Verifiable consumer requests must: (i) provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are in fact the California resident or Household about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; and (ii) describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. We may deny a request to know or a request to delete if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request or confirm that the requested personal information relates to you. We will only use personal information that you provide us to verify your identity or authority. How to Submit a Request to Know or a Request to Delete Submit your request using the information in Section 7 (Contact Information) above and include the value of your tribalfusion.com ANON_ID cookie (“TF ANON_ID Cookie Value” or “Cookie Value”) as explained below. Verifying Your Identity with Your TF ANON_ID Cookie Value Your Cookie Value is the only repository where consumer identifying information may be stored. To find your TF ANON_ID Cookie Value (highlighted blue in example below): Your Cookie Value is the only repository where consumer identifying information may be stored. To find your TF ANON_ID Cookie Value (highlighted blue in example below): Our Confirmation of or Response to Your Request to Know or Request to Delete The CCPA generally permits you to request that we and our direct service providers (i.e., Partners) delete personal information collected from you in accordance with Civil Code section 1798.105. However, we are not required to delete your personal information for any of the following reasons: If we deny your request, we will (unless otherwise prohibited by law): If we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny your request. However, we will inform you that your identity cannot be verified. Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Your Information Under the CCPA, you may Opt-Out of the sale of your personal information from a business to third parties. While we do not sell your personal information suppression of any sharing of your personal information can be applied by following the same steps laid out in the Right to Delete above. Rights for Minors Our Site and services are not intended for children. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or sell the personal information of children under the age of sixteen (16). Right to Non-Discrimination We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. We will not: Who May Exercise Your CCPA Rights Only you, a valid power of attorney under the California Probate Code, as amended, or a natural person or business entity registered with the Secretary of State to conduct business in California that you authorize to act on your behalf (“Authorized Agent”), may make a verifiable consumer request to know or delete related to your information. If you wish to submit a request to know or a request to delete via an Authorized Agent, your Authorized Agent must provide us with written and signed permission from you to submit the request(s).“Signed” means that the written attestation, declaration, or permission has either been physically signed or provided electronically per the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, Civil Code section 1633.7 et seq. Next, contact us (as outlined in Section 7 (Contact Information) above) so we may verify your identity and confirm that you provided the requesting Authorized Agent permission to submit the request(s). Fees We will not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive. If we reasonably determine that the request requires a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and give you a cost estimate in writing before completing your request. Shine The Light Law Separate from the CCPA, California Civil Code Section 1798.83, as amended, also known as the “Shine The Light” law gives California residents the right to request and obtain what personal information we share with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose your personal information to third parties for such third parties to directly market their services to you. If you have any questions about our Shine The Light Law practices, please contact us as outlined in Section 7 (Contact Information) above. Do Not Track California law requires us to tell you how we respond to web browser Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals. DNT allows users a way to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. We do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers. Disclosure of Consumer Requests As required by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), VDX.tv handled the following types of consumer requests during the year 2020: Note, these are global numbers, not only from California residents. In terms of the data we use, “Opt-Out” is the same as “delete”. “Data Removal” in the table above means that if we receive a request regarding data on one of our partner publisher websites, over which we have no editorial control, we will forward the request to the partner publisher for further action. European Privacy Rights This Section 10 applies to European Residents only. A “European Resident” is a resident of a country in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). The GDPR describes situations in which companies are permitted to collect or reuse your personal information. Our legal basis for collecting and using your information depends on the specific information at issue and the corresponding circumstances of collecting such information. We collect your personal information only with your consent or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. We may also have legal obligations to collect your information or may otherwise need your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement, we will specify the legal requirement and the information we require. If we collect and use your information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), our legitimate interests will generally involve operating and improving this Site, communicating with you, marketing purposes, or detecting or preventing fraud. For more information about GDPR, please visit the EU’s “Data protection and online privacy” page . If you have questions about our compliance with GDPR, please contact us as outlined in Section 7 (Contact Information) above. International Data Transfers If you reside in the European Union, your personal information may be processed outside of EEA. We take all necessary steps to ensure that your information is adequately protected and processed in accordance with this Policy, using the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses – European Commission-approved contracts that offer personal information the same protection as under European law. California Privacy Rights Under the CCPA, California residents and households have certain rights around the collection, use, and sharing of their personal information. Disclosure or Sale of Personal Information We have not disclosed or sold any personal information to third parties for any business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months. We do not and will not disclose or sell your personal information without giving you notice and an opportunity to opt out of such disclosure or sale as required by law. We do not offer financial incentives associated with our collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information.We collect various categories of personal information when you use this Site or our Partner sites, including identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network or device activity, geolocation data, and professional information. A detailed description of the information we collect and how we use it is provided in Section 1 (Information We Collect and How We Use It) above. Section 3 (Third Parties and Categories of Information) above describes the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information, and what information may be shared and under what circumstances. Information We Collect We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device (“personal information”). In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers from the following within the last twelve (12) months: Under the CCPA, personal information does not include: We receive the categories of personal information listed in the chart above from the following sources: Use of Personal Information We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for some or more of the following business purposes: We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without notifying you as required by law. Sharing Personal Information We may disclose your personal information to a third party (i.e., our Partners) for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract. In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information (listed above) for a business purpose with two (2) categories of third parties: (1) service providers (“Service Providers”); and (2) third parties to whom you or your agents authorized us to disclose your information in connection with our products or services (“Authorized Third Parties”) – detailed in the chart below: Your Data Privacy Rights Under CCPA Generally, California resident or household consumers have the following data privacy rights under the CCPA: Right to Know Right to Delete Right to Opt-Out Rights for Minors Right to Non-Discrimination Right to Know (i.e., Information About and Access to Your Personal Information) You have the right to request that we disclose personal information we collected about you pursuant to Civil Code sections 1798.100, 1798.110, or 1798.115 including any or all of the following: In responding to your verified consumer request to know, we will provide information on: The CCPA also requires that if requested, we provide you with responsive materials in a readily usable format that allows you to transmit your information from one (1) entity to another without hindrance. Right to Delete The CCPA generally permits you to request that we and our direct service providers (i.e., Partners) delete personal information collected from you in accordance with Civil Code section 1798.105. However, we are not required to delete your personal information for any of the following reasons: et seq Verifiable Consumer Requests The CCPA considers the right to know and the right to delete as verifiable consumer requests. Verifiable consumer requests must: (i) provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are in fact the California resident or Household about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; and (ii) describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. We may deny a request to know or a request to delete if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request or confirm that the requested personal information relates to you. We will only use personal information that you provide us to verify your identity or authority. How to Submit a Request to Know or a Request to Delete Submit your request using the information in Section 7 (Contact Information) above and include the value of your tribalfusion.com ANON_ID cookie (“TF ANON_ID Cookie Value” or “Cookie Value”) as explained below. Verifying Your Identity with Your TF ANON_ID Cookie Value Your Cookie Value is the only repository where consumer identifying information may be stored. To find your TF ANON_ID Cookie Value (highlighted blue in example below): Your Cookie Value is the only repository where consumer identifying information may be stored.To find your TF ANON_ID Cookie Value (highlighted blue in example below): Our Confirmation of or Response to Your Request to Know or Request to Delete The CCPA generally permits you to request that we and our direct service providers (i.e., Partners) delete personal information collected from you in accordance with Civil Code section 1798.105. However, we are not required to delete your personal information for any of the following reasons: If we deny your request, we will (unless otherwise prohibited by law): If we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny your request. However, we will inform you that your identity cannot be verified. Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Your Information Under the CCPA, you may opt-out of the sale of your personal information from a business to third parties. While we do not sell your personal information suppression of any sharing of your personal information can be applied by following the same steps laid out in the Right to Delete above. Rights for Minors Our Site and services are not intended for children. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or sell the personal information of children under the age of sixteen (16). Right to Non-Discrimination We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. We will not: Who May Exercise Your CCPA Rights Only you, a valid power of attorney under the California Probate Code, as amended, or a natural person or business entity registered with the Secretary of State to conduct business in California that you authorize to act on your behalf (“Authorized Agent”), may make a verifiable consumer request to know or delete related to your information. If you wish to submit a request to know or a request to delete via an Authorized Agent, your Authorized Agent must provide us with written and signed permission from you to submit the request(s). “Signed” means that the written attestation, declaration, or permission has either been physically signed or provided electronically per the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, Civil Code section 1633.7 et seq. Next, contact us (as outlined in Section 7 (Contact Information) above) so we may verify your identity and confirm that you provided the requesting Authorized Agent permission to submit the request(s). Fees We will not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive. If we reasonably determine that the request requires a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and give you a cost estimate in writing before completing your request. Shine The Light Law Separate from the CCPA, California Civil Code Section 1798.83, as amended, also known as the “Shine The Light” law gives California residents the right to request and obtain what personal information we share with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose your personal information to third parties for such third parties to directly market their services to you. If you have any questions about our Shine The Light Law practices, please contact us as outlined in Section 7 (Contact Information) above. Do Not Track California law requires us to tell you how we respond to web browser Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals. DNT allows users a way to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. We do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers. Disclosure of Consumer Requests As required by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), VDX.tv handled the following types of consumer requests during the year 2020: Note, these are global numbers, not only from California residents. In terms of the data we use, “opt-out” is the same as “delete”. “Data Removal” in the table above means that if we receive a request regarding data on one of our partner publisher websites, over which we have no editorial control, we will forward the request to the partner publisher for further action. The Ad Choices program is an industry initiative which aims to provide Internet users with appropriate information at the point of advertising delivery. Full information on the use of the Ad Choices icon can be found at http://www.youradchoices.com/ . The Ad Choices icon is part of the DAA’s Self-Regulatory Principles and the DAAC’s Principles . VDX.tv is a signatory to these self-regulatory initiatives. You can opt out of being behaviorally targeted by VDX.tv and other companies employing online advertising via the Digital Advertising Alliance or the DAAC’s Opt-out tool . Further information is included in our Privacy policy , including full contact details if you have any queries you wish to raise with us. 1.Adding Publishers into the Network 1.1 Adding Publishers into the network Strict policies are in place to ensure that only high-quality sites are selected for VDX.tv’s network. Adding publishers evolves from a two-step process: Site Acceptance: Publishers must meet the VDX.tv Publisher Code of Conduct before being acceptedManual quality checks are performed by VDX.tv employees to ensure complianceSites are also constantly scanned by our proprietary PageGuard TM technology and are removed if questionable content is foundTransparent site lists are always made available for advertisers to approve or remove sites that are not an appropriate match for their brand Domain Verification: Before a new site goes live, they must identify all domains that they will/might run an VDX.tv ad onAfter the publisher submits the domain(s), VDX.tv employees manually vet the domain for brand-safety purposesIf the domain is approved, it is added into the ‘approved domain’ list. VDX.tv’s ad server references this approved list to learn where it is and is not allowed, to serve an impressionIf a non-approved domain calls our ad server for an ad, the ad server rejects the request and will NOT serve that domain an ad This process and proprietary technology prevents publishers from accidentally or intentionally retrafficking our ads to questionable sites 1.2 Publisher Code of Conduct Overview The VDX.tv Publisher Code of Conduct defines types of prohibited content (i.e. pornography, copyright infringement, spam, fraud, pyramid schemes, etc…) and types of prohibited actions (i.e. tag re-trafficking, altering ad creative, pay for clicks/impressions, timed rotations/auto-refresh, etc…)Publisher domains are approved at VDX.tv’s discretion (i.e. no publishers with downloadable software, no publishers that may be harmful to the business reputation of VDX.tv) 1.3 Inventory acquired through RTB We supplement our on-network activity with inventory acquired off-network.We typically use TAG-certified ( https://www.tagtoday.net/registry ) exchange partners, where feasible.We always run activity via a pre-vetted domain Accept list, unless otherwise agreed with the client. Our list of partners is available for review, although please note, this is subject to change. 1.4 Ads.txt We support ads.txt and have done so since its launch in 2017.We continue to work with publishers who have an ads.txt file enabled and enter us as an approved seller of their inventory.Any inventory acquired through RTB is also ads.txt compliant.We are committed to our role in creating a cleaner, more transparent advertising ecosystem for everyone. 2. Brand Safety The following section outlines the various roles that both proprietary and 3rd party technology plays in ensuring delivery to the audience intended by the agency/brand. 2.1 PageGuard™ PageGuard™ is VDX.tv’s proprietary answer to ensuring that all campaigns are delivered to safe environments. It uses a 3 step processes to provide a comprehensive and proactive solution to prevent the possibility of ads appearing on inappropriate content: Site acceptance (covered in section 1.1) Domain Verification (covered in section 1.1) Page Level Contextualization: Pages are scanned daily according to traffic priority. Our proprietary page-level contextualization technology then categorizes these pages, assessing the safety of the content. In the event a page is deemed to be an unsafe brand environment, VDX.tv will not serve an ad. 2.2 3rd Party Content Verification In addition to PageGuard, we can also layer on 3 rd party verification via one of our integrated partners , or via a vendor of the client’s choice. This works as follows: An agency/brand decides they want to run a 3rd party verification tool Agency either works directly with the verification provider to create verification specifications OR allows VDX.tv to pick a preferred vendorAgency sends the specifications to VDX.tv – specs might include an Accept/Block list, intended or violating website categorizations, violating keywords, intended geo targeting, etc…VDX.tv targets the campaign in our ad server per the agency’s specifications Campaign is set live after applying the verification code in either the agency’s ad server or VDX.tv’s ad serverVDX.tv starts to receive reporting from the agency ad server AND the verification toolIf no violations are seen, continue to run campaignIf violations are seen, adjust campaign targeting until the violations go below the predetermined threshold or disappear altogether **Due to occasionally inaccurate categorizations by the 3rd party vendors, VDX.tv account managers are trained to vet the site categorization from the vendors against their own personal categorization. If the AM categorization vastly disagrees with the vendor’s categorization engine, the AM may pursue the agency to add the site to a whitelist OR the verification vendor to re-categorize the site.2.3 Take Down Policy If violations are seen, we adjust the campaign targeting until the violations go below the predetermined threshold or disappear altogether. Correction of flagged violations will occur within 48 hours, but best endeavors will be made to rectify immediately. The contractual consequences of not responding appropriately to a takedown request in the specified time frame will be subject to the terms of individual IOs. 3. Geo Targeting We utilize the leading databases for effective geo-targeting. Please note that there may be minor discrepancies as a result of different vendors using different databases. 4. Malware VDX.tv uses The Media Trust as its 3rd party malware detection service. 4.1 Media Trust Integration We have an API integration with the Media Trust that allows them to programmatically scan our ad tags looking for malware. If malware is detected on a tag, this is immediately flagged for internal review and where necessary, the campaign paused and client notified. 5. Fraud VDX.tv has a number of safeguards in place to help keep our network clean and free of invalid traffic: PageGuard, click fraud algorithms, impression fraud algorithms, and a proprietary ad server that allows us to monitor and adjust accordingly. 5.1 Impression Fraud We do not serve any campaigns to robotic impressions For every impression, we compare the user agent with a list of known user agents and if found, we mark the request origination from a robotApart from the above static list, we maintain a count of ads served to a user over a certain amount of time. If that gets too high, we flag the activity as potentially invalid and any subsequent impressions for the remaining browsing session will not be counted. That flag can be removed if the activity returns to normal behavior for a sufficient period of time. Bots are detected and blocked in the future both by means of built-in logic inside our ad server and offline processes. 5.2 Click Fraud The ad server first checks the combination of creative id (via the mediadata_id), user_id (the unique id associated with a cookie) and timestamp. If we’ve seen the combination before, disregard the click request (it’s a duplicate). The ad server has a strong algorithm to detect all duplicate clicks and disregard those duplicate requests.Next, check the IP address and user agent requesting the click against our list of known robots. If either is found, the click request will not be honored. If a user has clicked more than a certain number in a preset amount of time, it will be treated as ROBOT for all subsequent views/clicksBots are detected and blocked in the future both by means of built-in logic inside our ad server and having offline processes. 5.3 Manual Monitoring We look for suspicious patterns in the data that may indicate bots or purchased traffic Pre-launch monitoring: Prior to approval, a domain is manually vetted using a combination of licensed tools and proprietary methodology to help determine the likelihood that the domain engages in nefarious behavior Post-launch monitoring: After domain approval and traffic starts flowing, pubs are monitored on certain distributions of inventory types, as well as fluctuations of various metrics Consultative technology monitoring: various services are leveraged as an additional safeguard VDX.tv’s dedicated publisher team manually monitors this publisher activity on an ongoing basis. If irregularities are noticed, we will either: Remove the publisher immediately, ORStart a conversation regarding the infraction(s). If the publisher is forthcoming with information, we will entertain a second chance. If not, they will be removed 6. Verified Services Used Please refer to our list of services that are leveraged by VDX.tv’s display network to guarantee accurate delivery of advertiser campaigns. Some of these services are used on request, while others are used at regular or consistent intervals. VDX.tv reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify, discontinue or terminate these Safety Guidelines at any time and without advance notice. Continued access to or use of VDX.tv’s services after any such revision constitutes agreement to the revised Safety Guidelines. Last modified July 2022 Copyright © 2022 VDX.tv VDX.tv takes a zero-tolerance approach towards slavery and human trafficking within its supply chain and expects the same commitment from its suppliers, contractors, and business partners. This statement sets out the steps it has taken during the financial year to reflect this commitment. Organisational structure VDX.tv is an international video advertising effectiveness company. We employ over 500 people in a number of offices located across North America, Europe, Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific.Our Supply Chains Our key supply chains comprise: Digital advertising marketplaces, exchanges, supply-side platforms and publishers;Other companies supplying services connected to the serving, monitoring and verification of on-line advertisements;Data suppliers; andOther IT and technical service companies. These businesses are predominantly staffed by highly-skilled employees. We consider that the sector that we operate in, the transactions that we undertake and any business relationships that we enter into all carry a negligible risk in terms of slavery and human trafficking. In light of the above, VDX.tv assesses that the overall risk from slavery and human trafficking within its business is negligible. Our Approach VDX.tv acts ethically and with integrity in all its business relationships. VDX.tv is committed to ensuring that there is no slavery or human trafficking in its supply chains or in any part of our business. We hire individuals directly via interview process, whether permanent staff or contractor. The vast majority of our employees are permanent staff. Due Diligence VDX.tv will not support or deal with any business knowingly involved in slavery or human trafficking. VDX.tv will remain alert to any risk from slavery and human trafficking. If VDX.tv has any reason to suspect that any of its suppliers are affected by slavery or human trafficking, it will carry out reasonable and proportionate investigations and take whatever action it considers appropriate. Further Steps We will review the risk from slavery and human trafficking annually and assess whether the risk has increased. If the risk has increased, we will consider what further actions are required to ensure that slavery and human trafficking is not taking place in any part of our business or supply chains. Such further actions may include adapting the supply chain and/or extending training about slavery and human trafficking more widely across employees. This statement is made pursuant to section 54(1) of the UK Modern Slavery Act 2015. Introduction Exponential Interactive, Inc. doing business as VDX.tv (“we”, “us”, or “our”) is an advertising media services company whose clients and customers are online advertisers (“Advertisers”) and digital content providers (collectively, our “Partners”). We help our Partners reach their target audiences and grow through ad sales. Learn more about us at VDX.tv . We are active members of advertising industry groups the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”), and the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (“DAAC”). We are signatories to the DAA Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and the DAAC Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioural Advertising . Purpose This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes our practices, both online and offline, regarding the collection, use, disclosure and sale of personal data and personal information, and of the rights of consumers regarding their own personal data and personal information (collectively, “your information”) when you visit our website at VDX.tv (“Site”), in relation to the services we provide our Partners, and any other means in which you interact with us, directly or indirectly. We are committed to protecting your privacy and processing your information in accordance with all applicable privacy and data protection laws, rules, and regulations, such as the European Union General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679, as amended (“GDPR”) and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended (“CCPA”). Please read this Policy carefully. When you use this Site, you consent to our collection, storage, use, disclosure, and safeguarding of your information as described in this Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Policy, do not use this Site. Table of contents Please read this Policy carefully. When you use this Site, you consent to our collection, storage, use, disclosure, and safeguarding of your information as described in this Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Policy, do not use this Site. Information we collect and how we use it We may collect, transmit, and store your information provided to us from the following categories of sources (i.e., types or groupings of persons or entities from which a business collects personal information about consumers) and categories of third parties (i.e., types or groupings of third parties with whom the business shares personal information) – directly from you, our online technology, and our Partners. Directly from You We collect your information directly from you and for the following purposes when you: Online Technology We may automatically collect certain information when you use our online technology.Such information includes: Other information that may be collected include browser session location, ISP, pages that you visit before, during, and after using our Site, links you click, how you use our online technology, and information from any associated devices used to interact with our online technology. Our Partners Our Partners receive your information when you visit or use their services or through third parties they work with. We require our Partners to have lawful rights to collect, use, and share your information before we receive any of your information. A list of Partners with whom we may share data is available on our Partnerships & Accreditations page located at https://vdx.tv/partnerships . Our Partners perform different services such as advertising brand safety and quality, advertising brand reporting, privacy, data management platforms, and advertising inventory. We may use one or more of our partners to onboard offline data which may originally have included Personally Identifiable Information, however we do not use or have access to any PII as part of this process. We may also use analytics vendors such as Google Analytics to allow tracking technologies and remarketing services through the use of first- and third-party cookies to analyze and track users’ use of this Site, determine the popularity of certain content, and better understand online activity. We do not transfer your information to these analytics vendors. However, by accessing this Site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by these analytics vendors. We encourage you to review these vendors’ privacy policies. If you do not want your information to be collected and used by these analytics vendors, contact the responsible analytics vendor directly or use the DAA Opt-Out Tool , or DAAC Opt-Out Tool . Opting Out We and our Partners may use web beacons, tags, advertising identifiers, and similar technology (collectively, “cookies”) related to your use of this Site and in providing our services. Cookies may transmit information about you and your use of this Site, such as your browser type, IP address, data relating to ads displayed to you or ads that you have interacted with, and the date and time of your use. Cookies may be persistent (e.g., stored on your device until it expires or until you delete them) or stored only during an individual web browsing session. Our tracking cookies automatically expire (i.e., are automatically deleted from your web browser) ninety (90) days from the last time we encounter you. Generally, cookies help make ads more relevant to you and remove ads you already viewed. Cookies also make ads more valuable to our Partners by improving reporting on campaign performance (e.g., whether an advertiser reached its audience or not; how many ads were shown; how many clicks an ad received; etc.). We use cookies for the following purposes: Opting Out of Our Cookies If you do not want our cookies on your device, you can opt-out by visiting our Opt-Out page at http://exponential.com/privacy/opt-out and clicking on the Opt-Out link. The Opt-Out page will automatically confirm whether or not your opt-out request was successful. When you opt-out, your device will overwrite our cookie with a non-identifying opt-out cookie (“Opt-Out Cookie”). The Opt-Out Cookie indicates that your data should not be used for behaviorally-targeted advertising. The details of the Opt-Out Cookie are shown below. If you reject our cookie, you may still use our Site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our Site may be limited. If you have any questions about opting out of our cookies, please contact us as outlined in Section 7 (Contact Information) below. If you do not want targeted advertising cookies from us or similar companies, please use one of the opt-out mechanisms provided by DAA or DAAC . If you do not want any cookies on your device, you can change your browser or device settings to reject cookies or visit About Cookies .‍ Opting Out on Connected TV devices To manage privacy preferences around digital advertising on TV streaming devices, please refer to https://www.networkadvertising.org/internet-connected-tv-choices/ or the device manufacturer’s instructions. Third Parties And Categories Of Information The categories of third parties that may receive your information include Partners. The categories of information related to third parties include: Data Retention Our tracking cookie automatically expires (i.e., is automatically deleted from your web browser) ninety (90) days from the last time we encounter you. We retain log file data including cookie ID and IP address for one hundred (100) days for troubleshooting purposes or Subject Access Requests. It is archived beyond that point if required as part of our legal and regulatory obligations, to a total duration of three (3) years.Children's Privacy Our Site and services are not intended for children. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or sell the personal information of children under the age of sixteen (16). If you are under the age of sixteen (16), please do not access our Site or use our services. If we learn that we have inadvertently collected personal information of children under the age of sixteen (16), we will delete such information unless otherwise required by applicable law, regulation, or rule. Security We use commercially reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security measures to safeguard your information. Despite our efforts, please note that any information disclosed online is inherently vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. As such, we cannot absolutely guarantee total security of your information. Contact Information Please contact us with any questions about this Policy using the information below: United States Address Exponential Interactive, Inc. d/b/a VDX.tvAttn: Legal Department2340 Powell Street, #378Emeryville, CA 94608 U.S. PhoneU.S. toll-free number +1 (800) 480-0816Emeryville local office number +1 (510) 250-5500 United Kingdom Address Exponential Interactive, Inc. d/b/a VDX.tvAttn: Data Protection Officer30 Stamford Street London, SE19LQ Email privacy@vdx.tv To protect the security of your information, we will take steps as we deem necessary to confirm your identity or the identity of your Authorized Agent or valid power of attorney before completing a request or sharing any personal information with you or your Authorized Agent or valid power of attorney. Changes To This Policy We reserve the right to update this Policy at any time and for any reason. Any changes or modifications will be effective as of the “Effective Date” at the top of this Policy. We will notify you about any changes to this Policy by updating the “Last updated” date at the top of this Policy. In some cases, we may also notify you of Policy updates by adding a statement to our Site homepage, via email, or by any other means of communication allowed by law. We encourage you to review this Policy from time to time to stay informed about our privacy practices and your options. By continuing to access or use this Site after those updates become effective, you agree to be bound to the terms of the then-current Policy. California Privacy Rights Under the CCPA, California residents and households have certain rights around the collection, use, and sharing of their personal information. Disclosure or Sale of Personal Information We have not disclosed or sold any personal information to third parties for any business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months. We do not and will not disclose or sell your personal information without giving you notice and an opportunity to opt out of such disclosure or sale as required by law. We do not offer financial incentives associated with our collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information. We collect various categories of personal information when you use this Site or our Partner sites, including identifiers, commercial information, internet or other electronic network or device activity, geolocation data, and professional information. A detailed description of the information we collect and how we use it is provided in Section 1 (Information We Collect and How We Use It) above. Section 3 (Third Parties and Categories of Information) above describes the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information, and what information may be shared and under what circumstances. Information We Collect We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device (“personal information”). In particular, we have collected the following categories of personal information from consumers from the following within the last twelve (12) months: Under the CCPA, personal information does not include: We receive the categories of personal information listed in the chart above from the following sources: Use of Personal Information We may use or disclose the personal information we collect for some or more of the following business purposes: We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collect for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without notifying you as required by law. Sharing Personal Information We may disclose your personal information to a third party (i.e., our Partners) for a business purpose. When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information (listed above) for a business purpose with two (2) categories of third parties: (1) service providers (“Service Providers”); and (2) third parties to whom you or your agents authorized us to disclose your information in connection with our products or services (“Authorized Third Parties”) – detailed in the chart below: Your Data Privacy Rights Under CCPA Generally, California resident or household consumers have the following data privacy rights under the CCPA: Right to Know Right to Delete Right to Opt-Out Rights for Minors Right to Non-Discrimination Right to Know (i.e., Information About and Access to Your Personal Information) You have the right to request that we disclose personal information we collected about you pursuant to Civil Code sections 1798.100, 1798.110, or 1798.115 including any or all of the following: In responding to your verified consumer request to know, we will provide information on: The CCPA also requires that if requested, we provide you with responsive materials in a readily usable format that allows you to transmit your information from one (1) entity to another without hindrance. Right to Delete The CCPA generally permits you to request that we and our direct service providers (i.e., Partners) delete personal information collected from you in accordance with Civil Code section 1798.105. However, we are not required to delete your personal information for any of the following reasons: et seq Verifiable Consumer Requests The CCPA considers the right to know and the right to delete as verifiable consumer requests. Verifiable consumer requests must: (i) provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify that you are in fact the California resident or Household about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative; and (ii) describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. We may deny a request to know or a request to delete if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request or confirm that the requested personal information relates to you. We will only use personal information that you provide us to verify your identity or authority. How to Submit a Request to Know or a Request to Delete Submit your request using the information in Section 7 (Contact Information) above and include the value of your tribalfusion.com ANON_ID cookie (“TF ANON_ID Cookie Value” or “Cookie Value”) as explained below. Verifying Your Identity with Your TF ANON_ID Cookie Value Your Cookie Value is the only repository where consumer identifying information may be stored. To find your TF ANON_ID Cookie Value (highlighted blue in example below): Your Cookie Value is the only repository where consumer identifying information may be stored. To find your TF ANON_ID Cookie Value (highlighted blue in example below): Our Confirmation of or Response to Your Request to Know or Request to Delete The CCPA generally permits you to request that we and our direct service providers (i.e., Partners) delete personal information collected from you in accordance with Civil Code section 1798.105. However, we are not required to delete your personal information for any of the following reasons: If we deny your request, we will (unless otherwise prohibited by law): If we are unable to verify your identity, we may deny your request. However, we will inform you that your identity cannot be verified. Right to Opt-Out of the Sale of Your Information Under the CCPA, you may opt-out of the sale of your personal information from a business to third parties. While we do not sell your personal information suppression of any sharing of your personal information can be applied by following the same steps laid out in the Right to Delete above. Rights for Minors Our Site and services are not intended for children. We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or sell the personal information of children under the age of sixteen (16). Right to Non-Discrimination We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights. We will not: Who May Exercise Your CCPA Rights Only you, a valid power of attorney under the California Probate Code, as amended, or a natural person or business entity registered with the Secretary of State to conduct business in California that you authorize to act on your behalf (“Authorized Agent”), may make a verifiable consumer request to know or delete related to your information. If you wish to submit a request to know or a request to delete via an Authorized Agent, your Authorized Agent must provide us with written and signed permission from you to submit the request(s).“Signed” means that the written attestation, declaration, or permission has either been physically signed or provided electronically per the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, Civil Code section 1633.7 et seq. Next, contact us (as outlined in Section 7 (Contact Information) above) so we may verify your identity and confirm that you provided the requesting Authorized Agent permission to submit the request(s). Fees We will not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive. If we reasonably determine that the request requires a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and give you a cost estimate in writing before completing your request. Shine The Light Law Separate from the CCPA, California Civil Code Section 1798.83, as amended, also known as the “Shine The Light” law gives California residents the right to request and obtain what personal information we share with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose your personal information to third parties for such third parties to directly market their services to you. If you have any questions about our Shine The Light Law practices, please contact us as outlined in Section 7 (Contact Information) above. Do Not Track California law requires us to tell you how we respond to web browser Do Not Track (“DNT”) signals. DNT allows users a way to inform websites and services that they do not want certain information about their webpage visits collected over time and across websites or online services. We do not respond to or honor DNT signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers. Disclosure of Consumer Requests As required by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), VDX.tv handled the following types of consumer requests during the year 2020: Note, these are global numbers, not only from California residents. In terms of the data we use, “opt-out” is the same as “delete”. “Data Removal” in the table above means that if we receive a request regarding data on one of our partner publisher websites, over which we have no editorial control, we will forward the request to the partner publisher for further action. European Privacy Rights This Section 10 applies to European Residents only. A “European Resident” is a resident of a country in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). The GDPR describes situations in which companies are permitted to collect or reuse your personal information. Our legal basis for collecting and using your information depends on the specific information at issue and the corresponding circumstances of collecting such information. We collect your personal information only with your consent or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. We may also have legal obligations to collect your information or may otherwise need your information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. If we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement, we will specify the legal requirement and the information we require. If we collect and use your information in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), our legitimate interests will generally involve operating and improving this Site, communicating with you, marketing purposes, or detecting or preventing fraud. For more information about GDPR, please visit the EU’s “Data protection and online privacy” page . If you have questions about our compliance with GDPR, please contact us as outlined in Section 7 (Contact Information) above. International Data Transfers If you reside in the European Union, your personal information may be processed outside of EEA. We take all necessary steps to ensure that your information is adequately protected and processed in accordance with this Policy, using the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses – European Commission-approved contracts that offer personal information the same protection as under European law.