Rocket Family Of Companies Privacy Policy Effective Date : April 14, 2023 This Rocket Family of Companies Privacy Policy describes how the Rocket Family of Companies (as defined in "Who We Are" below) process information collected on our websites and applications (including mobile) or through your online interactions with us (collectively, our "Services"). In some circumstances, we may provide you with additional or supplemental privacy notices to the extent they apply to you because of the products and services you obtain from us or different laws that may apply to you. If you are a resident of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, Virginia, or another state that may provide additional privacy rights, please refer to the Additional Information Regarding Your State Privacy Rights section. By using any of our Services, you acknowledge the privacy practices we describe in this Rocket Family of Companies Privacy Policy. You also acknowledge that you have read this policy and other policies described. Who We Are When we say " Rocket Family of Companies ," we mean companies that are controlled by RKT Holdings, LLC and share the Rocket name or are on the Rocket platform. A reference to "Rocket", "we" or "us" is a reference to the relevant Rocket Company in the Rocket Family of Companies that is involved in the processing activity. This policy does not apply to Rocket affiliates that aren't in the Rocket Family of Companies ("Affiliates"), and the data practices of Affiliates are governed by their own privacy policies. Rocket Family Of Companies The Rocket Family of Companies includes: Rocket MortgageRocket AutoRocket LoansRocket HomesRocket SolarRocket Money, Inc. (f/k/a Truebill, Inc.) (“Rocket Money”), a Rocket CompanyRocket CentralForSaleByOwner.com, a Rocket CompanyRocket Card Information We Collect Information You Provide We collect information you provide to us. For example, we collect information from you when you create a Rocket account, fill out a form or otherwise submit content through our Services, are referred to us via one of our third-party professional partner relationships, make a purchase, communicate with us via third-party platforms, participate in a contest, promotion or survey, request customer support or information about our Services, or otherwise communicate with us. The specific information we collect depends on the context in which you provide it, and could include: NameEmail addressPostal addressPhone numberSocial security numberLocation and approximate value of your propertyVehicle information, such as make, model, VIN and vehicle featuresAgeDemographic information, such as race, ethnicity and gender gathered pursuant to federal requirementsRelated loan products or services you have used in the pastFinancial information, such as income, assets and net worthHome ownership status and employment status Insurance informationOther profile data, including your interests and preferencesAny other information you choose to provide Information We Automatically Collect We automatically collect certain information about your interactions with us or our Services, including: Transactional Information: When you make a purchase or complete a transaction, we collect information about the transaction, such as product or service details, financial details and the date and location of the transaction. Device and Usage Information: We collect information about how you access our Services, including data about the device and network you use, such as hardware model, operating system version, mobile network, IP address, unique device identifiers and device regional and language settings, browser type, and app version. We also collect information about your activity on our Services, such as access times, pages viewed, links clicked, products and services considered, and the page you visited before navigating to our Services. Your Content: As you allow through your device or application, we may collect information and content stored on your device, such as photos. Location Information: In accordance with your device permissions, we may collect information about the precise location of your device. You may stop the collection of precise location information at any time (see the Your Choices section below for details). Information Collected by Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies: We (and those who perform work for us) use tracking technologies, such as cookies and web beacons, to collect information about your interactions with the Services. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that help us improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular and which emails and advertisements you view, authenticate users, reconstruct or observe activity relating to a session or by a user for troubleshooting, issue resolution, and other purposes, and count visits to our websites.Web beacons (also known as "pixel tags" or "clear GIFs" ) are electronic images that we use on our Services and in our emails to help deliver cookies, count visits, and understand usage and campaign effectiveness. In our mobile apps, we may also use technologies that are not browser-based like cookies. For example, our apps may include software development kits (known as SDKs) which are code that sends information about your use to a server. These SDKs allow us to track our conversions, bring you advertising both on and off the Service, and provide you additional functionality. For more information about these tracking technologies and how to disable them, see the Advertising and Analytics section below. Information We Collect From Other Sources We obtain information from third-party sources in certain situations. For example, we may collect information about you from identity or other verification services, credit bureaus (including your credit report), advertising networks, mailing list providers, service providers and data brokers. Our Services also may allow or require you to integrate or connect your Rocket account with third-party services through service providers (such as Plaid). The information we receive from such third parties varies depending on the information made available by those entities. Examples of the types of information we receive include financial account information, information about account balance, information about credit accounts, information about loan accounts, information about investment accounts, identifiers and information about account owners, information about account transactions and employment information. Additionally, if you create or log into your Rocket account through a third-party platform, such as Facebook or Google, we'll have access to certain information from that platform, such as your name, birthday, and profile picture, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such platform. Information We Derive We may derive information or draw inferences about you based on the information we collect. For example, we may make inferences about your location based on your IP address or city or postal code or infer that you are looking to purchase certain products based on information you provide to us and your browsing behavior and past purchases. Plaid Technologies Rocket enables you to use Plaid Technologies, Inc. to gather data from financial institutions. By using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that your information will be processed in accordance with the Plaid Privacy Policy and you grant Rocket and Plaid the same rights, power and authority as specified therein. How We Use Your Information We use the information we collect to provide our Services to you. Other Reasons to Collect Information We also use the information we collect to: Fulfill or deliver the services you requested Provide, maintain, improve and develop new products, services and features, including debugging and repairing errors in our Services Personalize your experience with us Send you technical notices, security alerts, support messages and other transactional or relationship messages, including responding to your inquiries and comments Communicate with you about products, services, and events offered by Rocket and others and provide news and information that we think will interest you. See the Your Choices section below for information about how to opt out of these communications at any time Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our products and services Personalize the advertisements you see on third-party platforms and websites. For more information, see the Advertising and Analytics section below Show you offers for third-party services personalized to you, based on information we have collected about you Facilitate contests, sweepstakes and promotions, and process and deliver entries and rewards Detect, investigate, and help prevent security incidents and other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, and help protect the rights and property of Rocket and others Comply with our legal and financial obligations Create de-identified, anonymized or aggregated information Fulfill any other purpose at your direction How We Share Your Information We share personal information in the following circumstances or as otherwise described in this policy. Sharing Among Rocket Family Of Companies The Rocket Family of Companies use and share your information with each other in accordance with this Rocket Family of Companies Privacy Policy . This allows the Rocket Family of Companies to manage and provide and offer you a variety of their services through a broad lifecycle of your personal and financial needs. Sharing With Affiliates Rocket also shares your information with our Affiliates.For example, we share, or may share, your information: With Affiliates that act as vendors, service providers and consultants that access personal information to perform services for us, such as companies that assist us with call center/directory services With Affiliates for their own services and marketing purposes With Affiliates for regulatory reporting purposes and capturing performance metrics With Affiliates if we believe (1) that your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, (2) that you have violated the law, or (3) it's necessary to protect the rights, property and safety of Rocket, our users, the public or others In connection with, or during negotiations concerning, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company With Affiliates with your consent or at your direction We also share aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you. Sharing With Other Third Parties Rocket shares your information with non-affiliated third parties in the following circumstances: We share personal information with vendors, service providers and consultants that access personal information to perform services for us, such as companies that assist us with web hosting, shipping and delivery, payment processing, fraud prevention, customer service, data analytics, property title and appraisal services, technical support marketing and advertising. If you submit a product review or post content in another public area of our Services, we share this information publicly on our Services. If you choose to use integrations we offer on our Services, such as sharing your location through our Google Maps integration, we may share certain information with the integration partners. We share personal information with third parties for their own services and marketing purposes, analytics, and in some cases to jointly market and provide products and services with third parties. When you request information about services offered by other companies, we may disclose information about you to those companies so that we or they can notify you of, and determine if you qualify for, products or services. We may disclose personal information if we believe that disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law or legal process, including lawful requests by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We may share personal information if we believe (1) that your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, (2) that you have violated the law, or (3) it's necessary to protect the rights, property and safety of Rocket, our users, the public, or others. We share personal information with our lawyers and other professional advisors where necessary to obtain advice or otherwise protect and manage our business interests. We may share personal information in connection with, or during negotiations concerning, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company. We share personal information with your consent or at your direction, including but not limited to through third-party integrations you choose to enable. We also share aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used to identify you. If you have opted-in to a SMS short code offers program, your opt-in data and consent to the offers program will not be shared with any third parties. If you separately provided your consent to be contacted (outside of a SMS short code offers program), that information may be shared. Advertising and Analytics Web and Mobile Apps We share personal information to allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements across the web and in mobile apps. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other technologies to collect information about your use of our Services and other websites and applications, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in mobile apps, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by Rocket and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, reconstruct or observe activity relating to a session, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Services and other websites, and better understand your online activity. For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices .Your device may also include a feature ("Limit Ad Tracking" on iOS or "Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads" or "Opt Out of Ads Personalization" on Android) that allows you to opt out of having certain information collected through mobile apps used for behavioral advertising purposes. Third Parties We also share personal information to work with third parties to serve ads to you as part of customized campaigns on third-party platforms (such as Facebook). As part of these ad campaigns, we or the third-party platforms may convert information about you, such as your email address or phone number, into a unique value that can be matched with a user account on these platforms to allow us to learn about your interests and serve you advertising that is customized to your interests. Note that third-party platforms may offer you choices about whether you see these types of customized ads. Children's Privacy Rocket products are not intended for children. We don't direct our Services to children under 16, or knowingly attempt to solicit or receive information from children. California Shine The Light California law permits residents of California to request certain details about how their information is shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes. If you're a California resident and would like to make such a request, please call us at 888-444-7492 . Processing Of Information In The United States and Other Countries Rocket is headquartered in the United States, and the Rocket Family of Companies offers goods and services to consumers in the United States. We have operations and vendors in the United States and other countries. Therefore, we and those that perform work for us may transfer your personal information to, or store or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide levels of data protection that are equivalent to those of your home jurisdiction. Your Choices Right to Correct Account Information You may update and correct certain account information, or delete your account, by logging into your account or calling us at 888-444-7492 . Please note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for our legitimate business purposes. Location Information When you first launch any of our mobile apps that collect precise location information, you'll be asked to consent to the app's collection of this information. If you initially consent to our collection of such location information, you can subsequently stop the collection of this information at any time by changing the preferences on your mobile device. You may also stop our collection of this location information by following the standard uninstall process to remove our mobile apps from your device. Do Not Track Signals You may be using an Internet browser that can communicate your privacy preferences to the website, including requests not to track your usage and browsing history. Currently, our websites do not respond to these signals. Rocket may track your activity on these websites and use that information as provided in this policy. Changes To This Policy We may change this Rocket Family of Companies Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we'll notify you by revising the date at the top of this policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice, such as adding a statement to our website or sending you a notification. We encourage you to review this policy regularly to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you. Contact Information If you have questions regarding this Rocket Family of Companies Privacy Policy , our information practices or other aspects of privacy relating to our Services, call us at 888-444-7492 . ADDITIONAL INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR STATE PRIVACY RIGHTS Certain states, including California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia, require that we provide additional information regarding our privacy practices and your privacy rights. If you are a resident of those states, we provide you additional notices about our privacy practices and consumer rights relating to your information. Some of the companies within the Rocket Family of Companies are financial institutions subject to other regulatory privacy frameworks, such as the Gramm Leach Bliley Act (GLBA), and the privacy disclosure and rights described in this section may not apply. Notice of Information Collected In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information: Identifiers Name, alias, postal address, online identifier (including IP address), email address, Social Security number, driver's license number, or other similar identifiers. Client Records Employer name, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, and other financial information (including credit report, salary, and net worth).Protected Classification Characteristics Under State Or Federal Law Age, gender, military status and marital status. Commercial Information Records of property, products or services purchased. Internet Or Other Similar Network Activity Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. Geolocation Data Physical location or movements. Sensory Data Audio (such as call recordings) or the contents of videos you choose to upload. Professional Or Employment-Related Information Current employer or employment status. Inferences Drawn From Other Personal Information Preferences, characteristics and approximate location. Sensitive Personal Information Social Security Number, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number; account log-In, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account; precise geolocation; racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership; the contents of a consumer’s mail, email and text messages, unless the business is the intended recipient of the communication. For details about the precise data points we collect and the categories of sources of such collection, please see the Information We Collect section. We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in the How We Use Your Information section. Disclosure Of Personal Information In the preceding 12 months, we've disclosed the following categories of personal information for business or commercial purposes to the following categories of recipients: Identifiers Partners (such as mortgage partners or car dealerships, depending on the Services), advertising networks, and service providers (such as internet service providers, data analytics providers, email service providers, data storage providers, customer support providers, account management providers, operating systems and platforms). Client Records Partners (such as mortgage partners or car dealerships, depending on the Services), advertising networks, and service providers (such as internet service providers, data analytics providers, email service providers, data storage providers, customer support providers, account management providers, operating systems and platforms). Protected Classification Characteristics Service providers, Affiliates, mortgage partners, and partner companies. Commercial Information Partners (such as mortgage partners or car dealerships, depending on the Services), advertising networks, and service providers (such as internet service providers, data analytics providers, email service providers, data storage providers, customer support providers, account management providers, operating systems and platforms). Internet Or Other Network Activity Advertising networks and service providers (such as internet service providers, data analytics providers, data storage providers, operating systems and platforms). Geolocation Data Partners and service providers. Sensory Data Partners. Professional Or Employment-Related Information Service providers and partners. Inferences Drawn From Other Personal Information Partners, advertising networks, and service providers (such as internet service providers, data analytics providers, email service providers, data storage providers, customer support providers, account management providers, operating systems and platforms). Sensitive Personal Information Partners (such as mortgage partners or car dealerships, depending on the Services), advertising networks, service providers (such as internet service providers, data analytics providers, email service providers, data storage providers, customer support providers, account management providers, operating systems and platforms), affiliates, and partner companies. Right to Limit Processing of Sensitive Personal Information In California, you have the right to limit our processing of your Sensitive Personal Information to only uses which are necessary to perform the services or provide the goods reasonably expected by an average consumer who requests such goods or services. When we collect your Sensitive Personal Information, we collect and use that information to perform the services or provide the goods for which that information is necessary and as reasonably expected by you. Sale Of Personal Information California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia law require certain disclosures for companies that "sell" personal information persuant to the respective state's privacy law. Each state defines the "sale" of data differently. In California, the "sale" of data means certain scenarios in which Rocket has shared personal information with third parties or Affiliates, in exchange for valuable consideration.Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia define the "sale" of data as Rocket exchanging personal information for monetary consideration with a non-affiliated third party. Under Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia law, we do not "sell" your personal information. Under California's definition, we "sell" personal information to enable our Affiliates and certain third parties to use your information in accordance with their privacy policies. We "sell" the following categories of personal information to the following categories of third parties: Identifiers Affiliates and non-affiliated third parties. Categories Of Personal Information Described In Subdivision (e) Of Section 1798.80 Affiliates and non-affiliated third parties. Commercial Information Affiliates and non-affiliated third parties. Internet Or Other Network Activity Affiliates and non-affiliated third parties. Inferences Drawn From Other Personal Information Affiliates and non-affiliated third parties. Right to Opt-Out of Selling You have the right to opt out of the "sales" described above at any time by visiting our Do Not Sell My Personal Information webpage. We do not knowingly sell or share personal information about consumers under the age of 16. Right to Opt-Out of Personal Information Being Shared or Used In Targeted Advertising California requires that we notify you if we “Share” your personal information with third parties. In California, “Sharing” means we make available or otherwise disclose your information to third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising. Further, “cross-context behavioral advertising” means targeting of advertising to you based on your personal information obtained from your activity across businesses, websites, apps, and services other than our Services. Similarly, privacy laws in Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia require we notify you if we use your information for Targeted Advertising. Targeted Advertising means displaying advertisements to you where the advertisement is selected based on personal information obtained from your activities over time and across nonaffiliated websites or online applications to predict your preferences or interests. Accordingly, we "Share" and use your information for Targeted Advertising. Specifically, we share your identifiers and internet or other network activity with our advertising partners. You have the right to opt out of "sharing" or Targeted Advertising by accessing our Do Not Sell My Personal Information webpage. Retention of Personal Information We will not retain your personal information for longer than is reasonably necessary to carry out the purposes we disclose in this policy. State Consumer Data Rights Subject to certain limitations, you have the right to (1) request to know more about the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, disclose and sell, and to access your information, (2) request deletion of your personal information, (3) request correction of your personal information and (4) not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. You may make these requests by starting a request online or calling 888-444-7492 . We'll verify your request by asking you to provide information related to your recent interactions with us. If we receive your request from an authorized agent, we may ask for evidence that you've provided such agent with a power of attorney, or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. If you're an authorized agent seeking to make a request, please contact us as set out above. California Financial Incentive Disclosure California’s privacy law requires that we notify you if we provide you a program, benefit, or other offering, related to the collection, deletion, or sale of personal information, which it defines as a “financial incentive.” We may offer you certain financial incentives that may result in different prices, rates, or quality levels (for example, contests and referral programs). Through these offerings, consumers provide us with some personal information (e.g., names, emails, phone numbers) when they opt-in to our programs. There is no obligation to opt-in and consumers may opt-out at any time. The details of each program are contained in the program offering. We offer these programs, among other things, to enhance our relationship with you so you can enjoy more of our products/services at a lower price. We invest heavily in our marketing and brands, in part, so we can provide programs to our customers. Consumer data is valuable to our business only when it is combined with a sufficient number of other consumer data and after it is enhanced by our efforts herein described.The value to our business of any individual consumer's personal information is dependent on a number of factors, including, for example, whether and to what extent you take advantage of any offerings, whether and to what extent you opt out of any offerings, and whether we are able to enhance the data through our efforts herein described. Our ability to create any value from the programs is heavily based on our ability to leverage said intellectual properties. We do not calculate the value of consumer data in our accounting statements. California Consumer Data Requests In 2022, we received 1,401 consumer data requests from California consumers. This includes requests from people to know, access, or delete their data. We also received 957,500 requests from people who opted out of data sharing. Here’s a breakdown of those consumer requests: 254 Right To Know/Access requests 1,147 Right To Delete requests It's taken us a median of 9 days to process and respond to each request. Federal Privacy Notice Some companies within the Rocket Family of Companies are required to provide an additional Privacy Notice under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. For convenience, these notices are provided below. Table of Contents JavaScript is required in order to use Rocket Account. Please enable JavaScript in your browser.