Serious Privacy Podcast Tailored for people who are interested in the hottest field in a technology world. Whether you are a professional who wants to learn more about privacy and data protection or someone who just finds this fascinating, we have topics for you. In-depth information on serious privacy topics. These podcasts, hosted by K Royal and Paul Breitbarth , will feature open, unscripted discussions with global privacy professionals (those kitchen tables or back porch conversations) where you hear the opinions and thoughts of those who are on the front lines working on the newest issues in handling personal data. Real information on your schedule - because the world needs serious privacy. Follow us on Twitter: @TrustArc and @PodcastPrivacy or LinkedIn Previous Episodes Cover all the artificial intelligence basics: the EU AI Act, Chat GPT, AI ethics, and active US measures to evaluate AI. K Royal and R. Jason Cronk discuss recent privacy events, privacy frameworks, Jason’s new podcast with the BBB, and his book with the IAPP. Dr. K Royal and Paul Breitbarth tackle the tough topic of data protection in vendor management. What’s important about the Meta penalty, and the IAB Trust and Consent Framework 2.0? Dr. K Royal and Ralph O’Brien discuss in this week’s episode of Serious Privacy. An update on U.S. state law developments, AI developments (including the EU AI Act), and Paul goes on a rant on DPA transparency. What data protection developments are happening in Mexico and Latin America? Dr. Jonathan Mendoza, the Secretary of Personal Data Protection at the National Institute of Transparency, Access to Information, and Personal Data Protection, joins our hosts. Paul and K cover all things data protection from May 1-5th in this episode of serious privacy! Hosts discuss the newly enacted Washington My Health, My Data law that passed by both houses quickly and has taken the US privacy law world by storm. Discover the strengths and concerns around this act – and what your business may need to know. To celebrate the 150th episode of Serious Privacy, Wojciech Wiewiorowski, European Data Protection Supervisor, joins our Serious Privacy Podcast hosts. Two key people at Europol share the real story behind the organization and its state-of-the-art data protection frameworks. Paul and K chat with privacy pros at the International Association of Privacy Professionals (IAPP) Global Privacy Summit GPS 2023. A discussion on the ins and outs of privacy management, ISO certifications, and how to work toward compliance. TrustArc Inc 2121 N. California Blvd. Suite 290 Walnut Creek, CA 94596, USA Phone: +1 415 520 3490 ABOUT PRODUCTS RESOURCES © 2023 TrustArc Inc. All Rights Reserved.August 15, 2023 | 9am PT / 12pm ET / 6pm CET CBPR – Navigating Cross-Border Data Privacy Compliance In this highly anticipated webinar, we explore the background the future direction and assess the potential business case for companies considering certification under the new Global CBPR System. Previous Webinars Hooray! The long-awaited EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks are officially adequate! Now what? Being unprepared for the new Global Privacy Control (GPC) obligations under the CPRA can open your company to risk. Privacy Enhancing Technologies (PETs) comprise a range of tools that mitigate the risks associated with the collection of data. Businesses face mounting pressure to prove their commitment to safeguarding personal data as privacy concerns grow. The California Age-Appropriate Design Code Act (CAADCA) was signed into law by Governor Gavin Newsom in September 2022. Discover how organizational priorities and strategic approaches to data security and privacy are developing across the globe. Artificial Intelligence (AI) is increasingly being used to make decisions that impact individuals and society as a whole. As the use of AI continues to grow, there is a need to establish guidelines and regulations. EU & US firms awaited a Privacy Shield adequacy decision under US-EU Data Transfer Framework Executive Order. It’s no secret that consumers are more skeptical than ever before of how organizations are using their personal data… With a predicted recession looming as we start 2023, companies and employees are feeling pains as they face budget cuts and layoffs. Marketing is highly impacted by changes required under privacy laws like GDPR, LGPD, CCPA, and PIPL. Recent advances in information technology impact privacy by accentuating the free flow of information. TrustArc Inc 2121 N. California Blvd. Suite 290 Walnut Creek, CA 94596, USA Phone: +1 415 520 3490 ABOUT PRODUCTS RESOURCES © 2023 TrustArc Inc. All Rights Reserved.Join our upcoming webinar CBPR - Navigating Cross-Border Data Privacy Compliance | August 15, 2023 12:00PM ET Register Now Managing Employee Privacy in the Face of COVID-19 Forrester Study shows 126% ROI using TrustArc Select Page Search for... Industry Briefs The intersection of personal data and rising technologies. Balancing brand trust and financial technology innovation. The Utah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) goes into effect on December 31, 2023, making it the 4th US state to pass a data privacy law. Now is the time to start getting ready. There are many details including responsibilities, enforcement, and limitations for data privacy professionals to unwrap. This whitepaper will cover: Who is subject to the Utah Consumer Privacy […] Rapid Digital Transformation Reveals New Vulnerabilities for Healthcare Privacy Management. Whitepapers Guidelines and due diligence for privacy and data security considerations for all merger and acquisitions (M&A) stages. Using our Global Privacy Benchmark Survey, we’ve analyzed what sets an organization’s privacy program effectiveness apart. Prepare for the Connecticut Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring Act. Tracking and targeting have become mainstays in the digital playbook. On August 20, 2021, the National People’s Congress (NPC) of China adopted the Personal Information Protection Law (PIPL) with an effective date of November 1, 2021. Effective privacy management isn’t possible without the engagement of stakeholders, IT colleagues, and all others responsible for handling data decisions. Solution Briefs Risks related to vendors are of growing concern particularly when it comes to data privacy. Learn best practices to build a vendor risk management program that specifically address data privacy risks. Over the past 25 years, personal data has been collected digitally via a variety of channels — sometimes without explicit acknowledgement. Now, it’s the lifeblood of marketing and advertising. With the privacy management market growing exponentially, consider a reputable provider who understands the market and can provide you with a solid, long-term solution. Privacy management today is complex, siloed, and inefficient. It lacks operational automation and intelligence essential for privacy leaders who need to drive scalable business growth. Meet global cookie compliance including GDPR, CCPA, and beyond. Outlines the challenges organizations face with accessing, trusting and actioning new and updated regulatory guidance. Infographics The CPRA significantly increases the data privacy requirements for those doing business in California. See how CPRA compares to the CCPA and GDPR. Post-2020, it seems every company is a tech company. The rise of social media platforms and third-party cookies tracking users across the internet generated massive volumes of personal data being collected, stored, and shared across organizations – often without people’s knowledge or consent. Through a key customer interview and data aggregation, Forrester concluded that TrustArc has the following three-year financial impact. Privacy Advisory On August 20, 2021, the National People’s Congress (NPC) of China adopted the Personal Information Protection Law (PIPL) with an effective date of November 1, 2021. It is the first comprehensive data protection law in the People’s Republic of China (China) and leaves little time for compliance preparation before it is enforced. The EU Data Protection Code of Conduct for Cloud Service Providers. On 3 November 2020, the Golden State voted in favor of Proposition 24, thus expanding the State’s privacy legislation with a new set of rules. As of 1 January 2023, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) will be succeeded by the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA). Handbooks From California to Maine, the flurry of US privacy laws makes managing a privacy program increasingly complex. On 15 August 2020, the new Brazilian Data Protection Law, the Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados Pessoais (LGPD), will start to apply. The law was signed into force on 14 August 2018, and amended on 27 December 2018. The accountability principle in Article 5(2) of the GDPR requires organisations to demonstrate compliance with the principles of the GDPR. Industry Research Customer trust is important. It can take years to develop and a single second to lose. Maintaining your customer trust should be across all aspects of your business including actions customers take on your website. Forrester’s Total Economic Impact Study (TEI) finds a customer ROI of 126% with a total benefit of $2.08M when using the TrustArc Platform. Privacy leaders across the industry know that there’s a shift happening in who supports privacy and how it’s adopted across the enterprise. The world changed in 2020, and the privacy risks and challenges we identified in this year’s report highlight the pressure being put on leaders just to keep up. TrustArc Inc 2121 N.California Blvd. Suite 290 Walnut Creek, CA 94596, USA Phone: +1 415 520 3490 ABOUT PRODUCTS RESOURCES © 2023 TrustArc Inc. All Rights Reserved. |TrustArc Privacy Notice Last updated and effective date: 21 July 2023 This Privacy and Data Processing Policy (“Notice”) reflects our TrustArc Inc (“TrustArc”) global privacy practices and standards as of the effective date. TrustArc Inc is a technology-powered privacy solutions company headquartered at 2121 E. California Blvd., Suite 290, Walnut Creek, CA, USA. TrustArc also operates through its subsidiaries TrustArc Canada Inc. (formerly Nymity Inc.), TRUSTe Europe Ltd. in the UK, TRUSTe Web Services Technologies, Inc. in the Philippines, and TRUSTe LLC, in the USA. This Notice applies only to TrustArc practices, technologies, and services. Our online properties may include links to websites and online services that are operated by other companies not under the control or direction of TrustArc. If you provide or submit personal information to those websites or online services, the privacy policies on those websites or online services apply to your personal information. At TrustArc, Privacy is our Business . We strive to help businesses embed privacy into their strategy and operations by providing simple, scalable, and intelligent solutions that help our customers continually manage privacy compliance and risk. We help to promote responsible data use and stewardship among businesses and suppliers around the world. Individual Rights Depending on your location, you may have basic rights under privacy and data protection laws related to the data we process about you. You may exercise those rights through the form accessible from the Individual Rights Manager button above, emailing us at privacy@trustarc.com or contacting us via telephone . These rights are free in most cases, and we will aim to respond to your request within 30 days or the specific timeframe required by the applicable laws. We will honor the requests you make related to your rights as the law allows, which means in some cases there may be legal or other official reasons that we may not be able to address the specific request you make related to your rights. The rights relate to: Access to the personal information we process about you. This means you have the right to request access to and receive details about the personal information we maintain about you and how we have processed it, and correct inaccuracies; Correction of inaccurate or incomplete personal information about you; Deletion of personal information about you; Restrictions, temporarily or permanently, on our processing of some or all personal information about you; Transfer of personal information to you or a third party where we process the data based on your consent or a contract with you, and where our processing is automated; and Opt-out or object to our use of personal information about you where either our use is based on your consent or our legitimate interests. Additionally, you may opt-out of our use of your personal information we have either made available or disclosed to third parties for advertising purposes. When you submit an individual rights request, you are consenting to us using your information to respond to your request. We will communicate with you via email in most cases. If you wish to withdraw your consent for us to respond to your request, you may do so via that email. Your consent includes that your request will come to the United States, which is where we are located. If you do not consent, we are unable to respond to your request. Additional Rights for U.S. Residents If you are a resident of California, Connecticut, Colorado, or Virginia, you may have certain additional privacy rights. For additional information on these rights, please visit our U.S. residents page for more information. Your Personal Information Personal information is data that identifies, relates to, describes, or can be associated with you including data that could be used to identify, locate, track, or contact you. How we collect your personal information depends upon how you interact with us The categories and specific types of personal information we obtain about you depends on how you interact with us and our products and services. Depending upon this interaction, you may fall into one of the following data subject categories: Website Visitors – Those who visit our website or online propertiesCustomers/Partners – Those who are customers, business partners, or express interest in our solutions or contentEmployees/Applicants – Those who are employees, direct contractors, job applicants, or former employeesGeneral Consumers – Those who engage with us in activities or relationships not already listed, for example, respondents to customers’ assessments, vendors We list the below activities (sources) in which we collect personal information on or from you. Depending upon the activity (source), we may collect different categories and specific types of personal information from you.These activities may overlap, for example, a customer may visit our website. If you provide any personal information to us online, such as by filling out a form, attending a webinar, or through cookies (tracking technologies), we only use this information with your consent. Depending on how you interact with us, you may withdraw consent by exercising Your Rights as described above, including submitting a request through our Individual Rights Manager, our Cookie Preferences Manager, by phone, or by email. Where is your personal information stored or accessed? Because we have engineering, product, and support operations in the U.S., Canada, and the Philippines, most personal data will be accessed from these locations. Most information is hosted at Amazon Web Services in the U.S., but Cookie Consent Manager (and Consent Manager in general) is hosted at AWS in Ireland. We also offer an option to host platform data in Germany. In addition, through our remote work environment, we may have employees or contractors who access the data from other countries, such as Brazil, Australia, or the United Kingdom. ONLINE ACTIVITIES - Data subject categories: all There is information provided to us anytime you visit our website or engage in other online activities, such as using our solutions. In most cases, this information is collected based on our legitimate interests in making sure our website or other online activities function properly or that we are providing the user experience to you that we wish to provide. If it is based on our legitimate interest, we have determined that our business interest in gathering this information does not have a significant impact on your rights. In other activities, we may rely on your consent. If so, you have the ability to refuse consent or change your mind. These options are discussed in more detail below. We have tried to be comprehensive, but if you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact us. We keep this information for as long as we have a business relationship or potential relationship with you. Online Forms We process information you provide, such as your name, email address, company where you work, phone number, job function, job title, country, and any comments you provide. Given that we are a business-to-business (B2B) company, we do this in order to respond to your request for information or resources or, in our legitimate interest, to collect information in order to reach out to you for potential business interest. We may reach out to you with marketing communications using the information you submit in these online forms. You can easily opt out of future communications using the opt-out link provided in the emails sent to you. If you do opt-out, but then complete another form, you are essentially canceling your opt-out. Cookies and other online tracking technologies We use browser session and persistent cookies. Session cookies are temporary cookies that are erased from your device’s memory when you close your Internet browser or turn your computer off where persistent cookies are stored on your device until they expire, unless you delete them before that time. We group browser cookies on our site into three categories, which you can manage through our “Cookie Consent Manager” – and you can return to this Cookie Consent Manager at any time to change your preferences.n Required cookies: These cookies are necessary to enable the basic features of this site to function, such as allowing images to load or allowing you to select your cookie preferences. Functional cookies: These cookies allow us to analyze your use of the site to evaluate and improve our performance. They may also be used to provide a better customer experience on this site. For example, remembering your log-in details or providing us information about how our site is used. Advertising cookies: These cookies may be used to disclose data with advertisers so that the ads you see are more relevant to you, allow you to disclose certain pages with social networks, or allow you to post comments on our site.Some cookies may be placed by third party service providers who perform some of these functions for us.In addition, there are browser settings which you can set in your internet browser, such as Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, or Mozilla FireFox, which can also address cookies and trackers. Sometimes these settings contradict what you may choose on a website. For example, if you set your browser settings to refuse all non-essential cookies, then when you visit our page and make a cookie selection – that preference is stored as a cookie and per your browser settings, may override your selection. This means the site won’t remember your selection on your next visit and you may have to make a selection every visit. This may be frustrating and is not something we do deliberately.There are many efforts underway by companies, technology, lawmakers, and others to make this a better user experience for everyone – and we at TrustArc are active in trying to make this an easier process. The Global Privacy Control (GPC) is another technological tool that may be used to control your cookies and tracking preferences. To learn more about the GPC, please download and use a browser supporting the GPC browser signal clicking here: https://globalprivacycontrol.org/orgs. If you choose to use the GPC signal, you will need to turn it on for each supported browser or browser extension you use.To the extent these online tracking technologies are deemed to be a “sale” / “share” (which includes targeted advertising, as defined under the applicable laws) under applicable U.S. state laws, you can opt-out of these online tracking technologies by submitting a request via a form at this link: Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information . For further information on the privacy rights of U.S. residents, please see our notice for U.S. residents page. Server log files We automatically gather server log file information when you visit our websites. This includes IP address, browser type, referring and exit web pages, and your operating system. We do this based on our legitimate interest in making sure our website operates as intended or to identify what may need to be changed. Other online activities In order to administer our website and our technical solutions and to understand how our website visitors navigate through our websites and technical solutions, we monitor our website and solutions based on our legitimate interest to continuously improve the experience for our users. We may further analyze information we gather online to improve the online experience, resources, and tools we provide to our users. This is also based on our legitimate interest to provide appropriate materials or user experiences. COMMUNICATION AND ENGAGEMENT - Data subject categories: depends on activity, see below TrustArc is a business-to-business (B2B) company, meaning we sell our solutions to other businesses and do not typically engage with general consumers for profit. However, general consumers may engage with us either on behalf of our customers or through other activities, such as webinars. These activities are provided in more detail in this section. We keep this information as long as we have a potential or actual business relationship with you or if there is a legal obligation to keep the information. Where you consented to providing us the information, you may also revoke your consent. Where we do not collect identifying information, we may not be able to remove the information, because we will not know which information you provided. Suggestions, Complaints, Inquiries - Data subject categories: all We process personal information about you based on our legitimate business interests for the following purposes, to which you may exercise your rights to object as described above: To investigate complaints or concerns to ensure that such complaints or concerns are addressed appropriately;To send optional customer satisfaction surveys once your complaint has been resolved in order to improve our processes;To evaluate the characteristics and needs of our customers to improve our solutions; andTo communicate with you about TrustArc events, industry or privacy-related news to engage with you as a member of the privacy community in which we participate. Opinion / Feedback Surveys - Data subject categories: all If we engage in a general consumer survey, we process your survey responses. You may answer or not when it is presented to you. Withdrawing your consent will not be possible as we do not ask or collect identifying information and only use answers in large groupings, such as all “Yes” or “No” answers to a particular question. We would not be able to pull your answers out. If you participate in our market or product / services research and surveys – whether delivered by us or a service provider on our behalf – we may process your email address, job title, phone number, survey responses, company name, job function, state, country, relationship with TrustArc, and any comments you provide. We may provide remuneration in exchange, such as a gift card. We conduct online consumer surveys to learn about your views on important privacy-related issues based on our legitimate interest in better understanding the privacy market and to improve our solutions; we do not directly collect any personal information about you when we conduct these surveys, however cookies and data collection technologies may be used to manage the delivery of the surveys. You may choose to respond or not and may opt out of future communications of this nature. In part, this is through our legitimate interest in obtaining your feedback and part through your consent to such activities.Customer Engagement - Data subject categories: customers / partners This may include voluntary participation in our customer community offerings, such as online communications, group meetings, and other engagements. You must consent to participate in such activities and if so, can revoke your consent easily by withdrawing from such activities. You must agree to follow the engagement rules, which will vary by the method of engagement. Webinars/Presentations/Speaking Engagements - Data subject categories: all If you register for or attend our webinars (or other presentations), your IP address and some other technical information may be disclosed with the relevant hosting provider or application, such as GoToMeeting. Where applicable, registration information and any comments or feedback you provide to us will be captured. If you are invited to be a guest in a TrustArc-hosted or sponsored webinar (or other presentation), your contact information will be processed as part of the production. This generally includes your name, email address, phone number, company name, image, and job title. These programs are recorded and broadcast publicly, as is the nature of such programs, which includes your voice and image and the information you disclose during such programs. Follow-up information for the webinars will be sent to the email address registered and you can opt out at any time. If you do register for another webinar, you will be opted back into communications. Interest in our Solutions - Data subject categories: all If you request or indicate an interest in information about our solutions or partnership opportunities, we process your name, email address, phone number, job title, information about the company where you work, including its website address, and any comments you provide. We add business information related to the company where you work from third party sources, such as business intelligence providers, information from publicly available sources such as LinkedIn, as well as information about the number and frequency of your interactions with us online and offline, such as at events, webinars, email communications, and our website. We maintain and update this information as we continue to engage with you. Engaging with you once you express interest in our solutions may be based on your consent or our legitimate interests. If we rely on consent, this will be clear to you that you are providing consent because you will complete a form or register for an event. As such, you can cancel your consent using the opt-out link in the emails we send or by contacting us via an individual rights form, email, or phone. Marketing Communications - Data subject categories: all We may send you marketing communications (including sales, information, events, and business development communications) about our solutions, events, or resources that we think may be of interest to you. For these communications, we process your name, phone number, email address, postal address, job title, job function, company name, and information about which of our solutions you use or which may be of interest to you, including any responses you make to such communications. We also process automatic information such as what we collect via cookies, IP address, device type, browser, and if the email was opened.We may also associate other information to the communication for insight such as company size, company financial information, and whether the company is a current or prospective customer. In general, these communications are initiated in our legitimate interest to engage you in business, but if the information was collected through our online forms, you also consented to being contacted. We track these communications to determine whether, when, and the IP address and associated city of, a marketing communication we sent was viewed based on our legitimate interest to effectively manage and improve upon such communications. Communications may also include asking for your review of our solutions from your perspective as a customer or user of our solutions. We do this from our interest in having you evaluate our performance. You may opt-out at any time from marketing emails using the unsubscribe link in the emails. Telephone / Video Calls - Data subject categories: all If you have consented to a recorded telephone call or video conference with TrustArc, we may process your name, email address, job title, image, and voice for analytical purposes to improve our training and customer relationship management and to provide recorded information to our customers upon request. For example, a customer may want a recording of a demo on a particular solution. For any such telephone calls or video conferences, notice of the intent to record will be provided before recording. You may decline recording at any time before or during the meeting, and you may request deletion of the recording at any time.All such recorded meetings will be automatically deleted within 180 days. Contracts / Relationship Management - Data subject categories: customers/partners, plus vendors We process your name, email address, postal address, company name, billing information (e.g., purchase order number, bank wire information, credit card number), company size, company financial information, and signature along with communication content and any comments or feedback you may provide. Some information about you may come from other individuals. For example, a colleague may tell us that you moved to another company or a different role. Similarly, such information may be available publicly, such as on LinkedIn. We use this information in order to facilitate the contract execution and to deliver on the contract. We will communicate with you, including via email, about your use of our solutions, obtain your input on new features, functionality, and content, and to provide information about updates to our solutions. We will also communicate with you about TrustArc events, or industry/privacy-related news. We have a legitimate business interest in renewing your subscription-based solutions in order to retain you as a customer or partner along with providing additional solutions you request based on our legitimate business interest and / or contractual obligation to respond to your reasonable requests. In addition, to better understand the needs of the privacy and business communities we aim to serve, we analyze our interactions with you online and offline. This helps us continue to improve how we provide information and engage specifically with you, including to help us determine when you might be ready to make a purchase based on repeated interactions with TrustArc. We want to understand the business that you work for and your prior experience based on our legitimate interest to tailor our communications with you to improve our engagement with you from a business perspective. We also want to understand your business and privacy-related needs based on our legitimate interest to develop and enhance our solutions to address your needs and to make them more relevant to you. Lastly, we do not make any automated decisions about you that would result in legal or other similarly significant or detrimental effects on you. USING OUR SOLUTIONS - Data subject categories: customers/partners - and their data subjects TrustArc is a business-to-business (B2B) company, meaning we sell our software solutions to other companies. You may use our solutions because your company purchased our software for their own privacy compliance needs or because you work with a company that does business with our customers. In most cases, this information should be your business information and not your personal information, but we do not control what information our customers enter about you. Below, we provide information in three categories: 1) our customers’ authorized users, 2) the TrustArc platform, and 3) consumer-facing solutions. We develop and / or discontinue solutions based on our business strategy and developments, so not all solutions are detailed below, but apply in a general sense based on how you choose to engage with us. In the course of using our solutions, we may ask you to provide business information related to the company where you work. Business information may include information about your company’s practices, policies, processes, and supporting documentation. This business information is stored on TrustArc systems, and we use it to provide the solutions you have contracted us to provide and in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in agreements between TrustArc and your company. Customers' Authorized Users Authorized users or other individuals named in our solutions, such as respondents to customer assessments, fall under the control of the customers’ determinations, meaning TrustArc cannot grant access or delete information without the customers’ permission. We retain this information for the length of the customer contract, deleting it as required by the customer or for a set time period (generally three years from termination) in agreement with the customer. If you are a licensed or other authorized user of our privacy technology platform, we process your name, email address, username, password, IP address, job title, phone number, information about the company where you work, actions you have taken in the applications on the platform or in response to communications, such as record creation, changes, input, responses, analysis, and approvals, and tickets filed on your behalf related to our platform.For individuals at our customer companies or potential customer companies, we process this information to provision and de-provision your account on our platform; authenticate you to enable you to access your account on our platform, including adding users of the solution; provide customer service and support, and investigate issues that you raise; deliver our assurance programs and solutions to you, including provision of our seals, where applicable; resolve disputes related to your organization’s privacy practices; provide alerts in the platform based on your implementation; and help you build, implement, manage, and demonstrate your privacy program and practices using our solutions. We may further analyze the use of our solutions, and characteristics of the companies that use our solutions (e.g., by size and industry sector) to help us understand and make decisions about customer and market needs, to improve our solutions, to design new solutions, and to inform partnership and business development decisions. TrustArc Platform, e.g. PrivacyCentral or Nymity powered by TrustArc (including external respondents) In order to engage with our solutions, you will either be an authorized user as described above or a non-system user that our customer sends you information to complete. For example, a customer may send you a vendor assessment or you may be a business process owner for the customer and need to complete a data inventory or Data Protection Impact Assessment. In both cases, we are a vendor (a processor/subprocessor) to our customers and the customer is the one responsible for determining their processing purpose and choosing to communicate with you. If you have any questions, you may contact us or the customer to learn more. TrustArc acquired Nymity in 2019 and provides these services through our TrustArc platform. In most cases, the uses and purposes are the same as those listed just above in the platform. However, in some instances, the customers may disclose such information to other individuals. The authorized users may enter your information into our platform to send you materials or may download the materials and send them directly. We are a vendor (processor) to our customers and their use of your information is based on their determinations. If you have any questions, you may contact the customer or us for more information. Consumer-facing Solutions, e.g., Individual Rights, Cookie Consent, PrivacyCentral (includes consumers who engage with customers) Some of our solutions that customers use are consumer-facing, such as Individual Rights Manager or Cookie Consent Manager. If you are a consumer interacting with any of our solutions, we are a vendor (processor) to our customers. As such, the customers are the ones who determine the processing purpose and use your information through our platform. In most cases, we anticipate that their basis for processing your information is consent, but you will need to confirm that with the customers. We use our own solutions, so in that case, we are the “customer” if you engage with Cookie Consent Manager on our website or submit a request through Individual Rights Manager. Individual Rights Manager When you submit an individual rights request using a form, we process your name, email address, residence, type of request, the individual type you select on the form, any comments you provide, and any additional information customers need to verify your identity. When you submit a request to another company that has implemented our Individual Rights Manager, we process the information you provide in the form implemented by that company, and we support the management of your request by the company as well as retrieval of information responsive to your request. Communications related to an individual rights request, including more information needed or providing the data requested will be managed through the platform, using an TrustArc’s email server hosted in either Frankfurt, Germany, or Virginia. Although we allow our customers to customize the categories of personal information they wish to collect, we neither recommend nor know of the collection of the category of sensitive personal information. Cookie Consent Manager If you have given your consent through our Cookie Consent Manager (CCM) we process your full IP address at initiation to infer your location and serve your the correct cookie banner. After this, we immediately pseudonymized the IP address to record your consent choice (opt-in or opt-out), storing it in our CCM application at our data center in Dublin, Ireland for 13 months. When you first visit our website, we drop a browser-specific cookie. Additionally, session cookies will be set by the ad networks listed in our preference manager to honor your preferences if you choose not to receive interest-based advertising. Our cookie only knows your last set of preferences and does not reflect the current state of cookies on your browser.If you clear your browser history, which includes clearing the opt-out cookies set by companies, we will not be able to identify you or honor your previous preferences when you return to this site from that specific browser. You will need to re-access the opt-out tool to reset your preferences. The connection between your browser or device and any other personal information we may have is not “known” to us until you provide more information. Some of our customers may “know” who you are across browsers or devices based upon the personal information they have collected. In those instances, our customer may direct us to collect and store in its CCM instance an identifier (e.g., IP address) it uses to identify you across browsers or devices. You may want to visit our customers’ website or contact them to learn more about their data privacy practices. Consent Preference Manager If a customer of TrustArc has implemented our Consent & Preferences Manager, we process any data related to you collected by this customer to help them manage your consent and preferences. This data may include various categories of personal information selected by the customer. Although we allow our customers to customize the categories of personal information they wish to collect, we neither recommend nor know of the collection of the category of sensitive personal information. Ads Compliance Manager If you click through an icon associated with our Ads Interests Manager in an online advertisement, we process information about your interests. We process cookies to deliver our interest-based advertising notice and choice program’s opt-out tools to assist with your opt-out choices and to help us measure usage. Our opt-out tool signals to companies to not use your browsing behavior to provide interest-based advertising by setting their opt-out cookie in your browser. When you access our preference manager, session cookies will be set by the ad networks listed in our preference manager to honor your preferences if you choose not to receive interest-based advertising. If you clear your browser cookies, this will remove all cookies including the opt-out cookies set by the companies. You will need to re-access the opt-out tool to reset your preferences. Our cookie only knows your last set of preferences and does not reflect the current state of cookies on your browser. TRUSTe Dispute Resolution We encourage you to use TRUSTe’s Dispute Resolution Program to report and resolve privacy complaints you may have concerning TRUSTe Certification or Dispute Resolution Program Participants. If you file a privacy-related complaint, we process your name, email, and country location. We will also request that you provide the details that gave rise to your complaint. Any additional personal information you choose to provide in the complaint form is optional. You can also report misuse of TRUSTe trademarks on this form, such as a company claiming to be certified by us and they are not. For both of these, we will not disclose your name and contact information with the company you are complaining about unless you consent. If not, we can still disclose the complaint with the company (with your consent), but without knowing more details, we may not be able to resolve your complaint. We will respond to your complaint via email and if you want to withdraw your consent, you can do so by responding to that email. Also, if you reside in a country with rules about sending information to other countries, called cross-border transfers, you must consent to sending your information to the United States or other countries where we have offices and process personal data for dispute resolution, such as Canada and the Philippines. We may also have employees in other countries who access the information through our platform or via email. This consent applies to your submission to us as well as us communicating with the company about the complaint, which may also be located in another country. If you do not consent, then we cannot process your information or register your complaint. EMPLOYMENT-RELATED ACTIVITIES - Data subject categories: employees, applicants This section applies to current, past and future employees or individuals in an employment-like relationship, such as contractors, cosnultants, volunteers, interns, externs, or other individuals acting in a work-related capacity. We keep this information for the time period required by law or based on your consent, for example, for employment applications. Employment Activities Applying to work at TrustArc: If you apply to work at TrustArc, we process personal information about you and your professional experience, education and training such as your application, your name (and any former names), postal address, email address, phone number, universities attended, academic degrees obtained, grades, professional certifications and licenses, employment history, and curriculum vitae or resume.Offer of employment or contractor position: If we extend an offer of employment or a contractor position at TrustArc to you, we will process personal information about the position to which you have been appointed, your job title at TrustArc, the compensation or project-based contractor rate we offer to you, whether you accept the offer, your signature, and your starting compensation or project-based contractor rate, and your start date at TrustArc. Employment-Related Background checks: We engage service providers to conduct background checks that involve the necessary personal information processing as permitted by the laws in the location in which you reside and/or work. More details are provided to you in the context of our request to you to complete these checks. We also have designated employees who will do reference checks, usually HR or your supervisor. We contact individuals that you have provided and engage in conversation (written or oral) about you, your work habits, challenges, experience, and more. We do not control the information provided to us by these references. As an employee or contractor of TrustArc: we may process personal information about your benefits, nationality, residency status, email address, office or other workplace location including remote work arrangements, work phone number, mobile phone number, photographs, passport, visas, marital status, beneficiaries and /or dependents and their associated data related to benefits such as date of birth or relationship status, emergency contact details, financial account information, social security number or other government-issued identification number, holiday and paid time off days which may include the reasons for the time off, salary, incentive compensation, TrustArc stock options granted, TrustArc stock ownership, assigned projects, feedback and opinions, performance against your assigned goals, training completed, any performance improvement plans, any disciplinary actions taken, system accounts, technology and physical assets provided to you, your role and actions taken in connection with TrustArc projects and processes. This will include information voluntarily provided by you, such as would be disclosed in a typical work environment, such as photos of pets, anecdotes about family, and other such information you choose to disclose with colleagues. If your employment with TrustArc ends, we process personal information necessary to offboard you from TrustArc, including deactivation of your access to our systems, fulfilling our financial, benefits, and related obligations with respect to the end of your employment with TrustArc. In certain countries, supplemental privacy notices will be provided to TrustArc employees and contractors, and where applicable, consent will be obtained, to ensure compliance with local requirements. We process personal information about you based on our legitimate interests to establish and manage our relationship with and responsibilities to you and for effective operation of our business, including activities necessary to comply with laws or contracts, such as to: Recruit new talent to join TrustArc;Onboard employees and contractors to TrustArc;Grant and ensure appropriate access to TrustArc systems and facilities;Ensure the security and safety of the workplace and the tangible and intangible assets for which we are responsible;Assign roles and responsibilities;Manage team and cross-functional communications and collaboration;Promote a positive workplace culture;Administer payroll;Benefits administration; Award and pay incentive compensation;Invoice payments;Managing TrustArc projects and processes;Maintaining corporate, financial and other essential business records and reporting;Evaluating financial and operational performance; andManaging compliance, including, but not limited to our privacy, security, accounting, labor and employment, and other legal and regulatory obligations. Statistical and research purposes: We may further analyze information to evaluate and understand employee engagement and to develop plans to continuously improve our workplace culture. Using Devices for Work Activities You may participate in communication processes, which may be recorded, such as video conferences, phone calls, or written correspondence, or video/audio presentations for public release (webinars, podcasts, etc.) and such may be performed from your personal device. TrustArc may inadvertently collect information from your surroundings or device. You should take this into account if using a personal device for work purposes. We may also request or require security software to be installed. More information can be found in the employee handbook and throughout various policies and communications from executives or other personnel in key roles.TrustArc’s Personnel Scope of Work As part of your employment activities, you may engage with customers, other employees, technology, vendors, and/or other individuals. Your actions or communications will typically be recorded via online tools or communication technologies. These recordings may be temporary or permanent depending on their intent. For example, if you write code, that may become a permanent entry in TrustArc’s platform. If you engage with regulators on an investigation, that will likely become a long-term record both for TrustArc and the regulator. Keeping and Securing Your Personal Information We will keep personal information about you for as long as we provide solutions to you or your company; as long as you work for or with us; as long as we are addressing a concern, question, complaint, or request you have made to us; as applicable to our interactions with you; as long as the law requires us to do so; or for the time period we need to maintain the information, e.g., to respond to investigations or lawsuits. If we have a contract or other agreement with you or your company, we will follow the retention obligations of that agreement. We may keep data longer if we have a legal obligation to keep it or to maintain necessary records for legal, financial, compliance, or other reporting obligations, and to enforce our rights and agreements. We also may keep data about you for statistical analysis or research purposes. We take appropriate security measures to protect personal information against loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction. We also have implemented measures to maintain the ongoing confidentiality, integrity and availability of the systems and services that process personal information, and will restore the availability and access to data in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident. Disclosing Your Personal Information At TrustArc, we only disclose personal information in ways that we tell you about. Depending upon your location, we do not sell or rent personal information to third parties and we do not disclose personal information with third parties that are not owned by us, under our control or direction, or in a direct business relationship with us except as described in this Notice. We do share personal information (as share is defined under certain data protection laws) with third party advertisers and website analytics providers. If you are a resident of California, Connecticut, Colorado, or Virginia, you may have certain additional privacy rights. For additional information on these rights, please visit our U.S. residents page. Service providers / Vendors. We disclose personal information with service providers / vendors that help us with our business activities. Service providers support us in processing the types of personal information described above in the section “What personal information” and for the purposes described in the section “Why do we process personal information.” They only are authorized to process that information as necessary and as directed by us. Some of these providers qualify as “subprocessors” under the General Data Protection Regulation because they are used in the provision of services that our customer purchase. Business partners. TrustArc forms a variety of partnership relationships, to whom we may disclose your information legitimately under one of the reasons described in the Notice or receive information from them. We only permit partners to process your information as necessary and directed by us. In some cases, the partners may be contracted through TrustArc, such as customers who purchase education modules through one of our partners. In other cases, partners may disclose your information with us and their privacy notices will also apply. Third party cookies and similar technologies. While TrustArc does not sell personal information to third parties, TrustArc does disclose data related to cookies and similar technologies with third parties both to evaluate and optimize the performance of and analyze your use of our online services and for advertising purposes. This may qualify under U.S. state laws as “selling” or “sharing.” You may choose to consent to our use of these technologies, reject non-essential technologies, or further manage your preference with our Cookie Preferences or by submitting a request via our Do Not Sell My Personal Information form. Required by law. If we are required to disclose personal information as part of a legal process, we will take commercially reasonable steps to inform you as part of that process. We may also be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by government authorities, including requests from national security agencies or law enforcement.Some of these requests may be by regulatory oversight agencies investigating a complaint where others may be by law enforcement looking for information. Safety, fraud prevention, government requests and protection of our rights are all reasons where we may disclose personal information where we believe in good faith it is necessary. Mergers, acquisitions, divestitures, or asset sales but only if the acquiring organization agrees to this Notice’s protections, where this is within our control. If we are under the control of a court, such as bankruptcy proceedings, we may not have full authority to ensure this protection. International Data Transfers TrustArc is headquartered in the United States and almost all data we process will be transferred to or accessed from the United States or through our subsidiaries in Canada or the Philippines. Customers have the option for their data to be hosted in the United States or Germany, and Cookie Consent Manager is hosted in Ireland. Customers should make sure that their notices reflect our transfer arrangements for their data subjects. Please see our Safeguards for more information on how we protect customer data in international transfers. This means that we may transfer, access, or store personal information about you outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Switzerland, the United Kingdom, China, or another country that requires legal protections for international data transfer. When we do, we will ensure that an adequate level of protection is provided for the information by using one or more of the following approaches: We may transfer personal information to countries that have privacy laws that have been recognized by the country from which the data are transferred as providing similar protections for the data (“adequacy”).We may enter into written agreements, such as standard contractual clauses and other data transfer agreements, with recipients that require them to provide the same level of protection for the data.We may seek your consent for transfers of your personal information for specific purposes. We may rely on other transfer mechanisms approved by authorities in the country from which the data are transferred. Data Privacy Framework TrustArc Inc and its subsidiary, TRUSTe LLC, in the USA, (“TrustArc”) participate in the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF), the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (UK Extension), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF), having self-certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce our adherence to the Data Privacy Framework Principles. TrustArc is committed to applying the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles and, as applicable the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar), the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (as applicable), to all personal information received from countries within the European Economic Area and, as applicable the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar), Switzerland. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework, visit the Data Privacy Framework website . Under the Data Privacy Framework, we are responsible for the processing of personal information we receive and subsequently transfer to a third party acting for or on our behalf. We are liable for ensuring that the third parties we engage support our DPF commitments. The U.S. Federal Trade Commission has regulatory enforcement authority and jurisdiction over TrustArc’s compliance with and processing of personal information received or transferred pursuant to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF (when effective), and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (when effective). TrustArc commits to cooperate and comply with the advice of the regulatory authorities to whom you may raise a concern about our processing of personal information about you pursuant to the Data Privacy Framework, including to the panel established by the EU and UK authorities and the Swiss FDPIC. This is provided at no cost to you. Please see the section at the beginning about your rights. Data Privacy Framework Inquiries & Complaints (data from the EEA, Switzerland, or the United Kingdom (and Gibraltar) In compliance with the EU-U.S. DPF, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. DPF, TrustArc commits to cooperate and comply, respectively, with the advice of the panel established by the EU data protection authorities DPAs, the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO) and the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF, and, when effective, the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S.DPF. When effective, TrustArc commits to cooperate and comply, respectively, with the advice of the panel established by the UK Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the Gibraltar Regulatory Authority (GRA), and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) with regard to unresolved complaints concerning our handling of personal data received in reliance on the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF and the Swiss-U.S. DPF. Under certain conditions, described more fully on the Data Privacy Framework website , you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. Contact Us If you have any questions about this Notice or our privacy practices, you can contact us by mail, telephone, or e-mail: TrustArc Inc 2121 N. California Blvd. Suite 290 Walnut Creek, CA 94596, USA Phone: 1-866-467- 8688 (or 866-I-OPT-OUT), service code 751 or the main US headquarters +1-415-520-3490. privacy@trustarc.com Full contact information of our privacy team, including of our representatives where this is legally required, is available via this page . If you have concerns about how we handle your personal information, you have the right to make a complaint about us to the privacy regulator in your country, state, or province. For complaints under the GDPR, the UK GDPR or the Philippines Data Privacy Act, please refer to this page . Most privacy regulators can be contacted online using the resources provided here . More information is included under “International Data Transfers ” and “Data Privacy Framework.” Changes to this Notice We may revise this privacy policy from time to time and will post the date it was last updated at the top of this privacy policy. We will provide additional notice to you if we make any changes that materially affect your privacy rights. TrustArc Inc 2121 N. California Blvd. Suite 290 Walnut Creek, CA 94596, USA Phone: +1 415 520 3490 ABOUT PRODUCTS RESOURCES © 2023 TrustArc Inc. All Rights Reserved.Privacy & Legal Build and implement the most comprehensive and automated privacy program Operationalize ongoing privacy, security, and compliance developments Confidently maintain global compliance. Manage all stages of your privacy program, assessments, data inventory & mapping, vendor risk, cookie consent, DSAR, and more, all within one streamlined solution. TrustArc Solutions By Function Privacy & Legal Risk & Compliance IT & Security Marketing Publishing & Advertising Empowering Privacy Leaders to Build, Simplify, and Automate Privacy Programs Plan your priorities across the enterprise Use what’s already in place and adjust your plan as strategic or business imperatives change. Leveraging intelligent insights based on your operations – set timelines, assign owners, and see detailed indicators on your progress. Unparalleled depth of regulatory analysis Instantly gain knowledge with easy to understand maps, charts and infographics. Understand and operationalize ongoing privacy, security, and compliance developments such as enacted laws, court decisions, and news stories. Take control of assessment fatigue Intelligent assessment automation delivers the compliance, risk, and maturity insights you need while minimizing inefficiencies by delivering only the relevant questions needed. Holistic Management of Privacy Risk across your organization Easily identify enterprise, third party, data transfer, vendor risk, inherent and residual risk across your organization in real time. Effective Resource Planning and benchmarking Collaborate on privacy management and resource planning activities. Benchmark your privacy program against other organizations and identify gaps and risks within your privacy management. Learn more about how TrustArc cansimplify your privacy management today Resources Datasheet Risk Profile Solution Brief Vendor Risk Management Guide Solution Brief Datasheet Data Transfer Risk Solution Brief Data Inventory and Mapping to support Compliance and Risk Management TrustArc Inc 2121 N. California Blvd. Suite 290 Walnut Creek, CA 94596, USA Phone: +1 415 520 3490 ABOUT PRODUCTS RESOURCES © 2023 TrustArc Inc. All Rights Reserved.TrustArc’s Expert Data Privacy Consultant Team TrustArc has a team of privacy experts and practitioners ready to help you build, implement, and manage your privacy program. The TrustArc Privacy Consulting Team has privacy experts all over the world, including the United States, Canada, Europe and Asia-Pacific. With over 200 years of collective privacy experience at globally recognized companies, our team of data privacy experts have a wealth of practical and hands-on experience with corporate executives, legal, information technology, marketing, sales, and other business functions to share. In addition, our Team has completed nearly a thousand successful engagements for companies at all levels of privacy maturity as we help them to build, implement and manage privacy compliance programs. Most team members have CIPP and security certifications, while some have the prestigious Fellow of Information Privacy (FIP) standing. Advantages of TrustArc’s Data Privacy Consulting Consultant Expertise – Every TrustArc data privacy consultant has experience working as a privacy practitioner, most with a decade or more of direct experience inside some of the world’s largest companies and most respected brands across a wide range of industries. Every one of the data privacy consultants is a true subject matter expert with direct personal experience solving the most challenging data privacy issues. Consulting Flexibility, Fixed Budget – Our consulting services flex to meet your business needs as your privacy program matures, priorities shift, and internal resources change. At the same time, most of our engagements are delivered on a no-surprises, fixed-price basis. Reliable Engagement Management – Over the course of more than 1000 consulting engagements, TrustArc has built a time-tested set of project-based consulting offerings with defined levels of effort and realistic delivery timelines that help ensure projects come in on-time and on-budget. Consulting plus Technology – Our unique mix of technology-based solutions and tailored consulting services help companies identify best-of-breed solutions that are right-sized for today and scalable for your future privacy program needs. Data Privacy Consulting Leadership Beth Sipula CIPM, CIPP/US, FIP Director, North America Arizona, USA Beth leads TrustArc’s North America team (including Asia-Pacific). She has two decades of experience as a privacy and compliance professional working in various leadership roles focusing on data privacy, data security and risk. She is a Fellow of Information Privacy (FIP) with the IAPP and also holds their Privacy Professional and Certified Information Privacy Manager credentials and was one of the original members of TrustArc’s Data Privacy Consulting team. Beth is very hands-on in her approach and is most passionate about helping organizations use privacy as a differentiator to build trust as they grow. Beth worked for Citrix Systems, Inc. from 2004-2015 and during that tenure she led global data privacy assessments, implemented privacy by design programs, created and conducted privacy training, monitored and analyzed legislation, provided digital marketing/CRM data guidance, evaluated new and emerging technologies, and managed PCI-DSS compliance programs. Her last role with the company was as Senior Director, Privacy and Compliance. Prior to joining Citrix, Beth worked for Expertcity.com (technology start-up) where she built the Company’s privacy program, managed call center operations and supervised customer support and for Charter Communications where she managed customer care for the corporate office and supported the company’s call center operations. Data Privacy Experts for North America Nadya Elizabeth Aswad CIPM, CIPP/US/E, FIP, J.D. Senior Privacy Consultant Arizona and Wisconsin, USA Nadya is a senior-level certified privacy professional with advanced degrees in law and technology. She has twenty years of experience as a privacy professional for global companies in various industries, and has built, implemented, and led information management and privacy compliance programs. Nadya’s in-house positions include Chief Privacy Officer and other privacy roles at a Fortune 25 Corporation, Fannie Mae, and Privacy Director, and Director of Governance, Risk, and Compliance in the financial services, healthcare, and hospitality sectors. As a consultant, Nadya was a Director in the Cybersecurity and Privacy Practice at PriceWaterhouseCoopers and held similar positions with other privacy and security consulting firms. Nadya has specialized experience developing and executing privacy strategies and reporting results.She has a mastery of privacy and information management laws, regulations and industry standards, including the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), process and data flows, data and system inventories, risk assessment and management, data breach response, data loss prevention, frameworks, and privacy policies. Martin Gomberg CIPP/E, CISSP Senior Privacy Consultant Florida, USA Martin, CISSP, CIPP/E, has spent over thirty years in information technology, as Vice President of Technical Strategies for a major bank, CIO for a major cable television and media brand, and as SVP and Global Director of Information Security, Privacy, Data and Business Protection. He served as the Data Systems Protection officer for an Italian affiliate. As a consultant and ‘Ask an Expert’ advisor he has provided guidance to numerous companies in conforming to GDPR and CCPA requirements. He is an active speaker, blogger and the author of the recently released “CISO REDEFINED,” focused on the globalization and digital transformation of business, and the protection and privacy of personal and company consequential data, domestic and global. Damayanthi Jakubowski CIPM, CIPP/E, PRINCE2 Privacy Consultant California, USA Damayanthi (Dama) is a data privacy consultant with the US western region consulting team. Drawing upon her knowledge and experience in global privacy compliance, data security and risk management (GRC), she loves helping organizations navigate the complex and constantly shifting data privacy landscape. Over the past 10 years, Dama has advised and worked with companies on diverse topics such as employee privacy, health privacy, cross-border data transfer mechanisms, risk assessments, privacy by design, and information security best practices. She has helped multiple organizations comply with a range of laws and standards including GDPR, CCPA, LGPD, HIPAA, Privacy Shield, as well as ISO27001/2, ISO 9001, CIS20, etc. Dama brings a blend of business, technology and privacy expertise to her clients. She holds an MBA and an MS degree. She is a CIPP/E certified privacy specialist as well as a PRINCE2 certified Project Manager. She has worked with companies of all sizes, from startups to Fortune 500, across a wide range of industries (Software and Services, Electronics, Health Care, Government, Education; and Hospitality). Sharon S. Kamowitz CIPP/US, J.D. Senior Privacy Consultant Massachusetts, USA Sharon is an accomplished attorney and Certified Information Privacy Professional, (CIPP/US) with a broad background in corporate, private practice, and government settings, including over two decades of experience developing, implementing, and managing privacy and compliance programs, and advising on related issues. Before beginning her consulting career, Sharon was Assistant Privacy Officer at Fresenius Medical Care North America and previously, Director and Associate General Counsel at Coverys, a provider of medical professional liability insurance. In these roles she developed comprehensive privacy programs designed to reduce risk and address applicable regulatory requirements arising under HIPAA, GLBA, GDPR/Privacy Shield, and state data protection laws. Sharon has advised on privacy issues pertaining to clinical healthcare and research, mobile technology, web-based applications and websites, software development, marketing, information governance, and cyber-liability and other insurance coverages. She has worked with publicly traded, privately held, and not-for-profit organizations. Sharon is consistently recognized for technical expertise, thorough preparation, and the ability to explain legal concepts in the context of broader business implications. Over the years, she has conducted numerous risk assessments; developed a variety of easy-to-understand policies, procedures, and awareness materials; drafted and negotiated HIPAA business associate, data processing and other confidentiality agreements; conducted interactive training sessions for diverse audiences; and managed hundreds of potential security incidents and breaches Mandy Lit MA, CIPP/C Senior Privacy Consultant Vancouver, BC, Canada Over the past 15 years, Mandy has advised and worked with both public sector and private sector organizations in compliance matters with a range of laws and standards including FIPPA. PIPA, PIPEDA, ISO27001, as well as GDPR. Driven by her passion, Mandy helps support organizations to create a privacy aware culture as well as customized solutions unique to their business needs.Janalyn Schreiber CIPM, CISSP, Security+ & Network+ Senior Privacy Consultant Washington, DC, USA As a leader in top global consulting firms, Janalyn led teams in conducting risk assessments, building comprehensive data management and protection frameworks, and establishing policies and controls for adhering to complex global privacy and regulatory standards; in systematizing data retention and archiving practices; and in forensic collection and investigation responses in over 20 countries. Janalyn also approached global privacy and data management issues with technology solutions, leading development of a custom regulatory compliance application; and partnering with Data Analytics teams developing machine learning solutions to rapidly analyze, categorize, and retain/cull structured and unstructured data. A regular presenter on Global Privacy Strategy and Analytics in Investigation Response, Janalyn is a testifying Expert Witness in the Fourth Judicial District Court, and has spoken extensively in meetings with DOJ, SEC, HHS, FBI and contentious opposing parties to fully articulate her clients’ defensible practices. Before joining TrustArc, Janalyn was a Managing Director at Navigant Consulting, a Principal at Deloitte, and a Vice President at Xerox Corporation. Her certifications include: Information Privacy Manager Certificate (CIPM) from the International Association of Privacy Professionals (IAPP), Certified Information Systems Security Professional (CISSP) from (ISC)2, and Security+ and Network+ from CompTIA. Wendi Lozada-Smith CIPP/US/E, CISM, CISSP Senior Privacy Consultant Texas, USA Wendi is a global privacy and ethics leader with a unique combination of experience in Global Privacy, Information Security, and IT for Fortune 100 financial services and telecommunications companies. With specialized expertise in CCPA, GDPR, health and financial privacy, and Internet of Things (IOT), she has led teams large and small and provided data protection guidance to global business units operating in more than 60 countries. She has consulted on a broad range of privacy issues including privacy program and policy development, information security best practices, cross border data transfers, risk assessment, and privacy by design. She has held a variety of IT/Data Protection leadership positions, including serving as AVP Global Public Policy/Privacy for AT&T VP Corporate Information Security for Wachovia; and Information Security Officer for SACU. She received her Master’s degree from Vanderbilt University and holds four privacy and security certifications: CIPP/US, CIPP/E, CISM, and CISSP. Betty Robinson J.D. Senior Privacy Consultant Texas, USA Betty is an attorney and compliance professional with over 10 years of experience providing data privacy and security solutions for clients in both the government and private sectors. She obtained her Juris Doctor and Bachelor’s degrees from the University of Arkansas. Betty is well-versed with both U.S. and global privacy laws including GDPR, PIPEDA, HIPAA, CCPA, GLBA and FERPA as well as industry standards such as PCI DSS. Prior to joining TrustArc, Betty worked extensively with healthcare privacy for her former client, the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services. Betty has also routinely worked with data privacy for the financial services industry. While working across these industries, she provided guidance regarding data breaches, risk assessments, implementing data protection measures and cybersecurity controls, and protecting the privacy rights of individuals. Betty’s accomplishments include partnering with organizations ranging from sole proprietors to Fortune 100 companies to resolve defects and compliance gaps in their privacy programs. Kristy Sawyer CIPP, CIPT, J.D. Senior Privacy Consultant Florida, USA Kristy is responsible for creating and operationalizing Privacy Programs across several industries. She develops and implements data protection and privacy policies in accordance with local government laws and best practices. She advises her clients on how to identify and manage privacy and information security risks across the enterprise. With 10+ years of Privacy experience, Kristy brings broad global legal expertise to her clients. Notably, her partnerships include consulting with clients to create a global initiative focused on standardizing a scalable privacy program that conforms with cross-jurisdictional legislation and mitigates the risk of a data breach. Prior to joining TrustArc, Kristy worked for the for the Department of Homeland Security where she served many roles, lastly as a Verification and Biometrics Division Privacy Officer. In that position, she managed all Privacy Office functions, including developing privacy policies, conducting initial and periodic privacy risk assessments, responding to data incidents and developing privacy policies and procedures.She played a critical role in the negotiation and development of information sharing arrangements with domestic and foreign partners ensuring compliance with domestic and foreign laws. This innovative practice set a new standard for the industry. Kristy’s clients span industries and sectors, including, Accounting, Entertainment, Web Publishing, Customer Relationship Management, Technology and Artificial Intelligence. She is a recognized thought leader in her field and within the privacy community. Kristy has a JD from the University of Cincinnati College of Law and a Bachelor of Science degree from George Washington University. She is a member of the International Association of Privacy Professionals, a Certified Information Privacy Professional (CIPP/CIPT) and is licensed to practice law in Virginia and Ohio. Michael Witt HCISPP, CISSP, CCSP, CISM, CISA Senior Consultant Detroit, Michigan, USA Prior to consulting, Michael worked in finance, accounting, and corporate IT departments to foster the adoption of technology and promote information governance. He has served as a data privacy and information security consultant for most of the past decade helping clients to understand and mitigate risk, develop compliance programs, and streamline technical processes to support information governance across cloud, on-premise, and third-party environments. These roles have included Principal Risk Auditor at Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan and Interim CISO for a large, national health care system. Michael has specifically helped clients understand privacy compliance and prepare their operations to support CCPA, GDPR, HIPAA, IPEDA, and POPIA. He is also a former PCI-QSA (Qualified Security Assessor). Patricia D. Wynne CIPP/US, J.D. Senior Privacy Consultant Pennsylvania, USA Pat is a subject matter specialist in the areas of data privacy, cybersecurity and regulatory compliance with both industry and consulting experience. She has worked in the healthcare industry as Chief Privacy and Security Officer and In-house Counsel for a multi-state behavioral healthcare provider. She was responsible for HIPAA/HITECH privacy and security strategy and program development/implementation including enterprise-wide data governance framework, policies and procedures, workforce training and awareness programs, complaint and breach investigation and notification processes, business associate and vendor management processes and risk audit/ risk management processes. Her experience also includes HiTRUST Scoping, as well as FERPA, RedFlag, GLBA, FINRA assessments. She also served as the organization’s in-house legal counsel. Since 2012, Pat has been consulting in the areas of risk assurance and risk advisory services, and advising clients building compliant and accountable Data Privacy and Cybersecurity programs. Typical projects include risk analysis and gap assessment procedures, gap remediation and on-going consultancy services to ensure required implementation. She also worked with companies defining and building their data governance frameworks and supporting team development responsibilities for data privacy and security programs. A strong focus of her consultancy services has been HIPAA/HITECH, GDPR and other international data privacy regulations as well as CCPA compliance and implementation. Clients include healthcare providers and insurers, pharma, medical devices and healthcare solutions companies, business associates of various types of service providers, cloud services providers, employment services providers, international professional credentialing organizations, financial services providers and real estate investment companies. Europe, Middle East & Africa Xavier Alabart CIPP/E, CIPT, IGP, PMP Senior Privacy Consultant Switzerland Xavier is a well-recognized professional with more than two decades experience in advisory and program management in various fields of information governance. His education as a telecom engineer and as a business administrator has led him through a maze of data-related and business disciplines: privacy and data protection as well as information governance, auditing, information security, records and information management, data scientist, systems development, quality management and corporate compliance. In the recent past, Xavier served as a group data protection officer, a privacy program manager and a privacy consultant in the healthcare and banking industries where he deployed and maintained corporate programs to ensure that Data Protection and Privacy are present in the corporate agenda. In doing so he has dealt with requirements from many jurisdictions and sectors around the world. Xavier holds several relevant certifications such as CIPP/E, CIPT, International Governance Professional (IGP) and PMP. Ralph T.O’Brien CIPM, CIPT, CIPP/E, BSi LA, CISMP (Dis), FIP Senior Privacy Consultant United Kingdom Ralph has spent over two decades working at the intersection of privacy, security and risk management. Ralph is an experienced data privacy consultant, speaker, trainer, auditor, negotiator and manager. His key passion is in using his knowledge of privacy laws and information governance standards to help businesses develop and grow, engaging stakeholders, and delivering complex projects within the information governance sphere. Ralph is a trusted advisor on Global Privacy and Security compliance, practices and management for the past two decades. He believes good information governance adds business value to achieve business objectives and return on investment. His role includes acting as a senior level “translator” between IT, business and compliance professionals, thought leadership, business development, partnerships and product development. His experience includes strategic Privacy Management and GDPR adoption programs, advisory services and assurance delivery in global multinational environments. Prior to that, he has been an experienced Product and Services business development lead, Principal Consultant and Manager, delivering training, consultancy and audit of data protection, business continuity and information security – Management of consultancy and audit teams across multiple topics, responding to tenders and delivering solutions proposals. He has worked in a wide variety of industry sectors including the with a focus on Defense, Public Sector, Technology, Pharma and Financial Services, representing both multinational corporations and boutique specialist consultancies. He continues to be a hands-on practitioner, combining business level consultancy with training and technical experience across ISO/IEC 27001, BS 10012, ISO 9001 and ISO 22301 standards through to certification. He was responsible for the first global joint 27001/25999 management system to be certified and sits on the international and British committees responsible for ISO 27001, BS 10012 and ISO 27701. With a focus upon business processes and the protection of information, and an ethos of management assurance, risk management and knowledge transfer he continues to ensure effective protection of assets appropriate to the business needs of the client. Asia Pacific Annelies Moens CIPP/E, CIPT, FAICD, CMgr FIML, FIP Senior Privacy Consultant New South Wales, Australia With close to 20 years’ experience, Annelies is a widely recognized global privacy expert and thought leader, trusted by business executives, government and privacy professionals. She works with clients globally to uplift privacy maturity. She has held several senior leadership roles in privacy and related fields. Annelies’ career in privacy started in 2001 at the Australian privacy regulator where she managed privacy audits and investigations. Annelies co-founded the International Association of Privacy Professionals in Australia and New Zealand in 2008. She held elected roles during her six-year Board term, including as President. Annelies has been a Group Manager and Chief Privacy Officer at a copyright licensing agency, External Relations Manager at an online legal publisher, and Deputy Managing Director of a privacy consultancy. In the latter role she directed and led a team of consultants and supervised hundreds of client deliverables, including privacy strategies, privacy health checks, privacy impact assessments, data breach notifications, cross-border data flows, cloud, and privacy by design. She also helped transform a major New Zealand government agency with the lowest trust and confidence score to being a lead agency exemplifying privacy best practices. Annelies has presented at many national and international forums (including APEC, APPA, IAPP, CIPL, AICD, AISA) on the convergence of competition and privacy regulation, artificial intelligence and privacy, data breaches, and the cross-border privacy rules system. Learn how TrustArc Security and Privacy Consulting Team can help you build and manage your privacy program. TrustArc Inc 2121 N. California Blvd. Suite 290 Walnut Creek, CA 94596, USA Phone: +1 415 520 3490 ABOUT PRODUCTS RESOURCES © 2023 TrustArc Inc. All Rights Reserved.