Data Privacy Data privacy regulations and standards exist around the globe requiring the protection of personal information and notification of individuals affected by a data breach. Privacy by Design As breaches became more commonplace, privacy laws started popping up in the early 2000s to regulate the privacy of personal information – and their prevalence has only grown. Trustwave has deep experience in helping you establish best practices for managing personal information in complex environments, while facing multiple compliance requirements. Data Privacy: Fast Facts and Consequences Acquire greater visibility into the data and assets you are responsible for securing.Identify vulnerabilities across databases, networks and applications (including mobile).Rapidly mitigate the impact of a security incident with a comprehensive incident response plan.Treat compliance, namely the PCI DSS and PA-DSS, as the floor, not the ceiling, when it comes to your security. Research Report 2020 Trustwave Data Security Index The 2020 Trustwave Data Security Index report depicts how technology trends, compromise risks and regulations are shaping how organizations’ data is stored and protected. End-to-End Coverage. Structured, Risk-Based Approach Our risk governance framework, powered by compliance and security expertise, will help identify your gaps and let you know what you need to do to get secure and compliant. World-Class PCI Experts and Services In addition to being a qualified security assessor, Trustwave is a qualified Payment Application Data Security Standard (PA-DSS) assessor, point-to-point encryption (P2PE) assessor, approved scanning vendor (ASV) and a PCI forensic (PFI) investigator. Supported by Industry-Leading Threat Intelligence We monitor billions of security events worldwide each day and produce unique threat intelligence that fuels our suite of security products and services. You also gain access to the Trustwave SpiderLabs elite team of ethical hackers, forensic investigators and security researchers. Automation When You Need It The Trustwave Fusion platform is a cloud-based cybersecurity platform that serves as the foundation for our managed security services, products and other cybersecurity offerings. Services Data privacy regulations require companies to deploy technical controls to protect customer records and information, whether they are being collected, stored or transmitted. Here are some of the ways we can help. Establish a first-line of defense with Secure Email Gateway , Intrusion Prevention and Detection System , Next Generation Firewall and Web Application Firewall . Offer your staff, from the C-suite to developers to the rank-and-file, the cloud-based tools they need to help protect your data. Conduct scanning and penetration testing across your databases, networks and applications to reveal vulnerabilities. Discover, assess and report on misconfigurations, improper access controls and other weaknesses within databases Leverage our SOC experts to detect threats with log collection and SIEM services, and monitor your endpoints to identify advanced threats. Probe deep into your network using cyberthreat intel, behavioral analytics, anomaly detection and deep-dive forensic analysis to identify ongoing attacks. Determine quickly the source, cause and extent of a breach – and then contain, eradicate and investigate the incident, or get proactive by solidifying your response before a security event occurs. Compliance Manager helps you to centrally automate and manage controls, policies and procedures across multiple compliance frameworks, and acquire a real-time view into your compliance and security programs. Additional Resources Case Study Guide Analyst Report Data Sheet Stay Informed Sign up to receive the latest security news and trends from Trustwave. Copyright © 2023 Trustwave Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved. Help Us Stop the Robot Uprising This is a bot-free zone. Please check the box to let us know you're human. Thank You Read complimentary reports and insightful stories in the Trustwave Resource Center Thank You One of our sales specialists will be in touch shortly. Read complimentary reports and insightful stories in the Trustwave Resource Center Preference Centre Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Preference Centre Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy Policy 1. Introduction and Scope 1.1 Introduction Trustwave Holdings, Inc., company incorporated in the United States whose registered office is at 70 W. Madison St., Suite 600, Chicago IL 60602, its parent company, its subsidiaries and its related companies (together “ Trustwave ”, “ we ”, “ us ”, “ our ”), are committed to maintaining the privacy, security, and accuracy of your personal data. As a result, Trustwave has developed this policy to inform you of the steps it has taken to protect your privacy. In addition, Trustwave and its employees also adhere to strict internal information security policies and procedures to safeguard your information. For more information about which subsidiaries are covered by this policy, please see the “ Scope of Policy ” section below. Trustwave complies with all applicable data protection laws, including, without limitation, the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the UK Data Protection Act 2018 (“DPA 2018”) the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), and the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (“Privacy Act”). 1.2 Scope of Policy This policy covers personal data that may be transferred to and from Trustwave and its subsidiaries. More specifically, this Policy covers personal data from European, Californian, and Australian residents that is collected and/or shared by Trustwave. Additional information on European, Californian, and Australian residents’ rights required under the GDPR, DPA 2018, CCPA and the Privacy Act may be found in the “ Rights of Data Subjects in the European Union / European Economic Area or the United Kingdom,” “ Rights of Data Subjects Residing in the State of California, United States,” and “ Rights of Data Subjects in Australia” sections below. References to ‘ personal data’ throughout this Policy shall have their meaning derived from the relevant terminology and definitions set forth by the applicable law. Because Trustwave respects your right to privacy, it has implemented privacy practices in the provision of its services, products, and website, including in accordance with the GDPR, the DPA 2018, the Australian Privacy Principles (“APPs”) and other applicable law. In general, Trustwave may share your personal data with any member of the subsidiaries listed above who may process your personal data for the purposes specified in this privacy policy. The list of Trustwave companies with whom your data may be shared will change from time to time, so please ensure that you revisit this policy regularly. For individuals specifically located in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, Trustwave will ensure that transfers of personal data to a third country are subject to appropriate safeguards as described in Article 46 of the GDPR. Trustwave commits to complying with the following data protection principles in respect of all personal data which is received from individuals based in the European Union, European Economic Area, or the United Kingdom and transferred to other Trustwave subsidiaries: Notice: Trustwave is committed to providing you with information about the types of information that Trustwave may collect from you and how they are used, and your rights in relation to your personal data Choice: Where possible, Trustwave will allow you to opt out of (i) disclosures of your personal data to third parties; or (ii) use of your personal data for a purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you; Accountability for Onward Transfers: Trustwave will only transfer your personal data to third parties where: (i) such transfer is only for limited and specified purposes; (ii) the third party provides at least the same level of privacy protection as required under applicable law; (iii) the processing is consistent with Trustwave’s obligations under applicable law; (iv) the third party is required to notify Trustwave if it can no longer provide sufficient protection for your personal data; and (v) the third party takes steps to stop and remediate unauthorized processing Security: Trustwave will take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal data from loss, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction; Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation: Trustwave will take steps to limit the personal data that it processes about you to that which is relevant for the purposes of processing. Trustwave will also take steps to hold the data it processes about you for as long as it serves the purpose of processing.Trustwave will also take reasonable steps to ensure that personal data is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and current; Access: You have a right to access the personal data that Trustwave holds about you and to correct, amend, or delete that information where it is inaccurate; and Lawful basis of processing: Trustwave will process personal data on the basis of consent, out of necessity for the performance of a contract, legitimate interests for marketing purposes, and to protect our legal position in the event of legal proceedings. 2. Privacy Practices 2.1 Personal Data Collected In general, you can access Trustwave’s website(s) and use its services without giving us any personal data. However, many of Trustwave’s products, services and interactions with you will involve the collection of various “personal data” about you which are explained in detail below. Personal data is information which can identify you as a living individual when used in isolation or in conjunction with other information, unless otherwise defined under applicable law. In addition to any information you voluntarily provide to us or input through Trustwave’s website(s), we may collect the information in the following circumstances: Products / Services. Trustwave may collect your personal data in connection with providing you with services and/or products. The specific types of personal data collected from you is dependent on the services or products you select but this information may include: full name;contact details including address, phone numbers and email address;job role and employer name;bank account information including credit card number;tax identification number; andsecond-level domain information and IP addressescommercial information such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies records Partners. Trustwave may also obtain your personal data from third parties, such as partners and resellers, but only to the extent it is required to provide you with our products and/or services. This information may include: full name;contact details including address, phone numbers and email address; andbank account information including credit card Website and Subscriptions. Other than during your enrollment for services and/or products, Trustwave also collects personal data from you if you access Trustwave’s website(s) and/or you choose to register for events, subscribe to email listings throughout our website, request that we contact you, or apply for a job opening at the company. This information may include: full name;contact details including address, phone numbers and email address as well employment and educational history (if you apply for an open position);second-level domain information and IP addresses;information gathered from cookies (see “ Cookies ” section below). Cookies. Trustwave also utilizes cookies when you visit its website(s), or during the use of its products, which is a piece of data used by web servers to help identify you. A cookie is installed automatically when you use the site but you can reject or disable a cookie by changing a setting on your browser. Trustwave uses session, non-persistent cookies to help offer you secure pages to our website that allow you to login automatically across sessions. A list of our cookies can be provided on request in accordance with the “Contact Details” section.2.2 Use of Personal Data Trustwave may use your personal data as follows: Where collected in connection with our products and services: to provide you with products, services and any renewals thereof;to provide you with support and maintenance for products/services;to inform you of any new or updated services or product offerings;to bill you for products and services;to notify you of any changes to your use of our website, products, or services;to respond to your enquiries;to have a partner or independent reseller contact you to facilitate the renewal, support or purchase of products/services, but only to the extent such third party has executed a confidentiality agreement with obligations to protect your personal data (for a list of these third parties, please contact us at the address set forth at the end of this policy); to transfer or negotiate the transfer of ownership of Trustwave or its assets during any merger, acquisition or sale, even if they are not in the same line of business as us (in such event, your personal data will be held subject to this Privacy Policy); andto comply with applicable law and law enforcement authorities. Where collected from third parties: to provide you with products, services and any renewals thereof;to provide you with support and maintenance for products/services; to inform you of any new or updated services or product offerings;to bill you for products and services;to notify you of any changes to your use of our website, products, or services;to respond to your enquiries;to have a partner or independent reseller contact you to facilitate the renewal, support or purchase of products/services, but only to the extent such third party has executed a confidentiality agreement with obligations to protect your personal data (for a list of these third parties, please contact us at the address set forth at the end of this policy); to transfer ownership of Trustwave during any merger, acquisition, or sale (in such event, your personal data will be held to the same confidentiality obligations); andto comply with applicable law and law enforcement authorities. Where collected in connection with your access to Trustwave’s website(s) and/or you registering for events, subscribing to email listings, requesting that we contact you or applying for a job opening: to inform you of any new or updated services or product offerings; to notify you of any changes to your use of our website, products, or services;to analyze the use of our website to improve its layout and services;to respond to your enquiries;to review your candidacy for a job opening at the company;to transfer ownership of Trustwave during any merger, acquisition, or sale (in such event, your personal data will be held to the same confidentiality obligations); andto comply with applicable law and law enforcement authorities. The uses listed above are not intended to be exhaustive and may be updated from time to time as business needs and legal requirements dictate. Where appropriate, you will be given a more detailed explanation as to how your personal data is used on a case-by-case basis. Trustwave’s websites may link to other websites which are not within its control. Once you have left Trustwave’s websites, Trustwave cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question. 2.3 Sensitive Information Information about you which is considered sensitive or a special category of personal data under data protection laws can include information about your medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, trade union membership, religious or philosophical beliefs, genetic data, biometric data, sexual life and sexual orientation, and suspected or proven criminal activity and related proceedings. If we need to process sensitive or special categories of personal data, you will be notified of such processing and asked to specifically agree to the use of such information as appropriate. Trustwave asks that you do not provide any sensitive or special categories of personal data unless Trustwave specifically asks for this. 2.4 Disclosures Trustwave may share your personal data with any of its subsidiaries, related companies or parent who may process your personal data for the purposes specified in this privacy policy. Sometimes Trustwave will share your information with carefully selected third parties outside of Trustwave’s corporate group (such as its partners, resellers, and subcontractors, such as service providers, Internet cookie information recipients, advertisers, social media companies).Trustwave may do this for the following reasons: To carry out services for Trustwave;To provide you with information about special promotions and offers which we think you might be interested in;In response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;When Trustwave believes it is necessary to comply with the law or protect our or another person's rights, property, or safety; and/orIf there is (or is to be) any change in ownership of any Trustwave business or assets then Trustwave may wish to share your information so that the new (prospective) owners may continue to operate our business effectively and continue to provide services to customers. This may include new shareholders or any organization that might take an assignment or transfer of any agreements we have entered into with Trustwave’s customers. Trustwave will place appropriate obligations and restrictions on third parties to protect your details. Trustwave will remain responsible to you under applicable law in the event any of its agents processes your personal data in a manner inconsistent with applicable law except where Trustwave can prove that it is not responsible for the relevant event. Some Trustwave companies and sometimes other third parties with whom we share personal data are or may be located outside your country of origin. As such, Trustwave will also ensure that any personal data transfers outside of its country of origin shall be conducted in accordance with applicable data protection laws and any required adequate data transfer mechanism contemplated by law (e.g., model or standard contractual clauses). 2.5 Opting Out / In If you are a customer or you have previously asked us for information on Trustwave’s products and/or services, Trustwave may send you information on its range of products and services to your contact details, unless you have asked us not to do so. You may opt out of having your personal data used for marketing purposes and/or any purpose inconsistent with the purpose it was originally collected or authorized by you. Please contact to opt-out or change your preference. If you receive marketing material from our partners or other third parties, and no longer wish to receive such material, you must opt-out directly with that party. 2.6 Rights of Data Subjects in the European Union / European Economic Area or the United Kingdom At any time, you may have access to your personal data for any reason, including without limitation reviewing, correcting, deleting inaccuracies or updating such information by sending a request to Trustwave in accordance with the “ Contact Details ” section below. You may also have the right to erase your personal data, restrict the processing, the right of portability and the right to object to the processing in certain circumstances. Where appropriate, Trustwave will verify your identity before processing any requests. European data subjects requesting erasure of their personal data must also review the “ Considerations on Data Erasure ” section below. 2.7 Rights of Data Subjects Residing in the State of California Unless otherwise stated in this policy, the practices and activities detailed here also apply to you if you were considered to be a California resident during the collection of your personal data. As a California resident, you may have: the right to know the categories of personal data that may be collected about you and related categories of sources for collection in addition to the business purposes for which that information would be used or shared;the right to know the categories and specific pieces of personal data that were collected or shared for business purposes about you in the preceding 12 months of your request;the right to know the categories of third parties with whom your personal data was shared; the right to delete your personal data; andthe right to not be discriminated against if you choose to exercise your privacy You may inform us that you want to exercise your rights in accordance with the “ Contact Details ” section below. Trustwave will verify your identity before processing any requests and you are entitled to make such request no more than twice in a 12-month period. Please also note that the CCPA contemplates certain exemptions or exceptions for certain types of transactions or other reasons contemplated by law. If you contact Trustwave regarding your personal data and an exemption or exception applies, we will inform you of that fact. California residents requesting erasure of their personal data must also review the “ Considerations on Data Erasure ” section below. Businesses are also required to disclose whether they sell personal data to third parties. Trustwave does not sell your personal data.For additional information on (a) the categories of personal data we collect about you and their sources, (b) how we use this information, and (c) how this information may be shared with third parties, please consult Sections 2.1, 2.2, and 2.4 of the “ Privacy Practices ” section above. 2.8 Rights of Data Subjects in Australia Trustwave abides by the APPs, which provide a scheme in relation to the collection, disclosure, use and storage of personal data. Collection of Personal Data. Where lawful and practicable (i.e. if we are still able to provide the relevant service or information to you without your information), you may choose to deal with Trustwave anonymously or under a pseudonym. International Transfer of Personal Data. Generally, your personal data is likely to be stored in Australia. However, some Trustwave companies and service providers are located overseas, and in some instances, your personal data may be transferred to or processed by Trustwave companies and service providers in overseas countries, including but limited to the United States and Singapore. If there is an international transfer of personal data (whether by disclosing it to such parties or merely by allowing them to access it) we will take appropriate steps to ensure that it is carried out in accordance with the applicable privacy laws and the AAPs. If you have any questions about the collection, use, disclosure, or storage of your personal data, please contact us using the details at the “ Contact Details ” section below. Access to your Personal Data. You may request details related to the personal data that we hold about you in accordance with the provisions of the Privacy Act. If you would like a copy of the information which we hold about you or believe that any information we hold on you is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, you may send a request to Trustwave in accordance with the “ Contact Details ” section below. Additionally, if you have a complaint about our privacy practices, please submit the details of your complaint in accordance with the “ Contact Details ” section below. Please note that your complaint must made in writing as required by section 40(1A) and that we will respond within a reasonable time as determined by the Privacy Act. 2.9 Security Trustwave utilizes appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure that the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our systems and services protect your personal data. We take all reasonable steps to ensure that the personal data we hold is protected from misuse, interference, and loss, and unauthorised access, modification or disclosure using various methods, including secure storage. 2.10 Considerations on Data Erasure When processing a valid request for erasure of personal data in accordance with this privacy policy and applicable law, Trustwave will promptly erase personal data from live systems based on the scope defined between the parties. Where data erasure applies to you, please also consider the following: Depending on the extent of your relationship with Trustwave, your data may be retained in Trustwave’s backup systems for a longer period of time in a format that is beyond use;Backup systems play a crucial role in Trustwave’s data security program and in ensuring the availability and access to data in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident;Data erasure on certain backup systems may not be immediately possible due to existing technical controls designed to keep information temporarily available to Trustwave’s information technology team solely when fully required in the event of a physical or technical incident; Relevant data retained in certain backup systems will not be used for any other purpose and will be secured with the appropriate technical and organizational measures based on the requirements of data protection law; andRelevant data retained in backup systems will be kept until such data is overwritten and completely erased based on Trustwave’s internal backup retention schedule and Trustwave will provide information where these considerations apply on a case-by-case basis. 2.11 Changes to this Privacy Policy Trustwave may amend this privacy policy from time to time. If any amendments are made, then a notice will be posted on Trustwave’s website. This privacy policy was last updated on November 2022. 3. Questions and Complaints 3.1 Contact Details All inquiries, questions and complaints regarding how Trustwave processes your personal data and/or this privacy policy may be sent to Trustwave’s Privacy Department: Email: ailing Address es: United Kingdom: New Penderel House, 4 th Fl283-288 High HolbornWC1V 7HP LondonUnited Kingdom Trustwave will promptly respond to all inquiries and implement a corrective course of action, if necessary.Last amended: November 2022 Stay Informed Sign up to receive the latest security news and trends from Trustwave. Copyright © 2023 Trustwave Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.Privacy Policy 1 Introduction and Scope 1.1 Introduction Trustwave Holdings, Inc., company incorporated in the United States whose registered office is at 70 W. Madison St., Suite 600, Chicago IL 60602, its parent company, its subsidiaries and its related companies (together “ Trustwave ”, “ we ”, “ us ”, “ our ”), are committed to maintaining the privacy, security, and accuracy of your personal data. As a result, Trustwave has developed this policy to inform you of the steps it has taken to protect your privacy. In addition, Trustwave and its employees also adhere to strict internal information security policies and procedures to safeguard your information. For more information about which subsidiaries are covered by this policy, please see the “ Scope of Policy ” section below. Trustwave complies with all applicable data protection laws, including, without limitation, the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”), the UK Data Protection Act 2018 (“DPA 2018”) the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), and the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) (“Privacy Act”). 1.2 Scope of Policy This policy covers personal data that may be transferred to and from Trustwave and its subsidiaries. More specifically, this Policy covers personal data from European, Californian, and Australian residents that is collected and/or shared by Trustwave. Additional information on European, Californian, and Australian residents’ rights required under the GDPR, DPA 2018, CCPA and the Privacy Act may be found in the “ Rights of Data Subjects in the European Union / European Economic Area or the United Kingdom,” “ Rights of Data Subjects Residing in the State of California, United States,” and “ Rights of Data Subjects in Australia” sections below. References to ‘ personal data’ throughout this Policy shall have their meaning derived from the relevant terminology and definitions set forth by the applicable law. Because Trustwave respects your right to privacy, it has implemented privacy practices in the provision of its services, products, and website, including in accordance with the GDPR, the DPA 2018, the Australian Privacy Principles (“APPs”) and other applicable law. In general, Trustwave may share your personal data with any member of the subsidiaries listed above who may process your personal data for the purposes specified in this privacy policy. The list of Trustwave companies with whom your data may be shared will change from time to time, so please ensure that you revisit this policy regularly. For individuals specifically located in the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, Trustwave will ensure that transfers of personal data to a third country are subject to appropriate safeguards as described in Article 46 of the GDPR. Trustwave commits to complying with the following data protection principles in respect of all personal data which is received from individuals based in the European Union, European Economic Area, or the United Kingdom and transferred to other Trustwave subsidiaries: Notice: Trustwave is committed to providing you with information about the types of information that Trustwave may collect from you and how they are used, and your rights in relation to your personal data Choice: Where possible, Trustwave will allow you to opt out of (i) disclosures of your personal data to third parties; or (ii) use of your personal data for a purpose that is materially different from the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you; Accountability for Onward Transfers: Trustwave will only transfer your personal data to third parties where: (i) such transfer is only for limited and specified purposes; (ii) the third party provides at least the same level of privacy protection as required under applicable law; (iii) the processing is consistent with Trustwave’s obligations under applicable law; (iv) the third party is required to notify Trustwave if it can no longer provide sufficient protection for your personal data; and (v) the third party takes steps to stop and remediate unauthorized processing Security: Trustwave will take reasonable and appropriate measures to protect personal data from loss, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction; Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation: Trustwave will take steps to limit the personal data that it processes about you to that which is relevant for the purposes of processing. Trustwave will also take steps to hold the data it processes about you for as long as it serves the purpose of processing.Trustwave will also take reasonable steps to ensure that personal data is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and current; Access: You have a right to access the personal data that Trustwave holds about you and to correct, amend, or delete that information where it is inaccurate; and Lawful basis of processing: Trustwave will process personal data on the basis of consent, out of necessity for the performance of a contract, legitimate interests for marketing purposes, and to protect our legal position in the event of legal proceedings. 2 Privacy Practices 2.1 Personal Data Collected In general, you can access Trustwave’s website(s) and use its services without giving us any personal data. However, many of Trustwave’s products, services and interactions with you will involve the collection of various “personal data” about you which are explained in detail below. Personal data is information which can identify you as a living individual when used in isolation or in conjunction with other information, unless otherwise defined under applicable law. In addition to any information you voluntarily provide to us or input through Trustwave’s website(s), we may collect the information in the following circumstances: Products / Services. Trustwave may collect your personal data in connection with providing you with services and/or products. The specific types of personal data collected from you is dependent on the services or products you select but this information may include: full name;contact details including address, phone numbers and email address;job role and employer name;bank account information including credit card number;tax identification number; andsecond-level domain information and IP addressescommercial information such as products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies records Partners. Trustwave may also obtain your personal data from third parties, such as partners and resellers, but only to the extent it is required to provide you with our products and/or services. This information may include: full name;contact details including address, phone numbers and email address; andbank account information including credit card Website and Subscriptions. Other than during your enrollment for services and/or products, Trustwave also collects personal data from you if you access Trustwave’s website(s) and/or you choose to register for events, subscribe to email listings throughout our website, request that we contact you, or apply for a job opening at the company. This information may include: full name;contact details including address, phone numbers and email address as well employment and educational history (if you apply for an open position);second-level domain information and IP addresses;information gathered from cookies (see “ Cookies ” section below). Cookies. Trustwave also utilizes cookies when you visit its website(s), or during the use of its products, which is a piece of data used by web servers to help identify you. A cookie is installed automatically when you use the site , but you can reject or disable a cookie by changing a setting on your browser. Trustwave uses session, non-persistent cookies to help offer you secure pages to our website that allow you to login automatically across sessions. A list of our cookies can be provided on request in accordance with the “Contact Details” section.2.2 Use of Personal Data Trustwave may use your personal data as follows: Where collected in connection with our products and services: to provide you with products, services and any renewals thereof;to provide you with support and maintenance for products/services;to inform you of any new or updated services or product offerings;to bill you for products and services;to notify you of any changes to your use of our website, products, or services;to respond to your enquiries;to have a partner or independent reseller contact you to facilitate the renewal, support or purchase of products/services, but only to the extent such third party has executed a confidentiality agreement with obligations to protect your personal data (for a list of these third parties, please contact us at the address set forth at the end of this policy); to transfer or negotiate the transfer of ownership of Trustwave or its assets during any merger, acquisition or sale, even if they are not in the same line of business as us (in such event, your personal data will be held subject to this Privacy Policy); andto comply with applicable law and law enforcement authorities. Where collected from third parties: to provide you with products, services and any renewals thereof;to provide you with support and maintenance for products/services; to inform you of any new or updated services or product offerings;to bill you for products and services;to notify you of any changes to your use of our website, products, or services;to respond to your enquiries;to have a partner or independent reseller contact you to facilitate the renewal, support or purchase of products/services, but only to the extent such third party has executed a confidentiality agreement with obligations to protect your personal data (for a list of these third parties, please contact us at the address set forth at the end of this policy); to transfer ownership of Trustwave during any merger, acquisition, or sale (in such event, your personal data will be held to the same confidentiality obligations); andto comply with applicable law and law enforcement authorities. Where collected in connection with your access to Trustwave’s website(s) and/or you registering for events, subscribing to email listings, requesting that we contact you or applying for a job opening: to inform you of any new or updated services or product offerings; to notify you of any changes to your use of our website, products, or services;to analyze the use of our website to improve its layout and services;to respond to your enquiries;to review your candidacy for a job opening at the company;to transfer ownership of Trustwave during any merger, acquisition, or sale (in such event, your personal data will be held to the same confidentiality obligations); andto comply with applicable law and law enforcement authorities. The uses listed above are not intended to be exhaustive and may be updated from time to time as business needs and legal requirements dictate. Where appropriate, you will be given a more detailed explanation as to how your personal data is used on a case-by-case basis. Trustwave’s websites may link to other websites which are not within its control. Once you have left Trustwave’s websites, Trustwave cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question. 2.3 Sensitive Information Information about you which is considered sensitive or a special category of personal data under data protection laws can include information about your medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, trade union membership, religious or philosophical beliefs, genetic data, biometric data, sexual life and sexual orientation, and suspected or proven criminal activity and related proceedings. If we need to process sensitive or special categories of personal data, you will be notified of such processing and asked to specifically agree to the use of such information as appropriate. Trustwave asks that you do not provide any sensitive or special categories of personal data unless Trustwave specifically asks for this. 2.4 Disclosures Trustwave may share your personal data with any of its subsidiaries, related companies or parent who may process your personal data for the purposes specified in this privacy policy. Sometimes Trustwave will share your information with carefully selected third parties outside of Trustwave’s corporate group (such as its partners, resellers, and subcontractors, such as service providers, Internet cookie information recipients, advertisers, social media companies).Trustwave may do this for the following reasons: To carry out services for Trustwave;To provide you with information about special promotions and offers which we think you might be interested in;In response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;When Trustwave believes it is necessary to comply with the law or protect our or another person's rights, property, or safety; and/orIf there is (or is to be) any change in ownership of any Trustwave business or assets , then Trustwave may wish to share your information so that the new (prospective) owners may continue to operate our business effectively and continue to provide services to customers. This may include new shareholders or any organization that might take an assignment or transfer of any agreements we have entered into with Trustwave’s customers. Trustwave will place appropriate obligations and restrictions on third parties to protect your details. Trustwave will remain responsible to you under applicable law in the event any of its agents processes your personal data in a manner inconsistent with applicable law except where Trustwave can prove that it is not responsible for the relevant event. Some Trustwave companies and sometimes other third parties with whom we share personal data are or may be located outside your country of origin. As such, Trustwave will also ensure that any personal data transfers outside of its country of origin shall be conducted in accordance with applicable data protection laws and any required adequate data transfer mechanism contemplated by law (e.g., model or standard contractual clauses). 2.5 Opting Out / In If you are a customer or you have previously asked us for information on Trustwave’s products and/or services, Trustwave may send you information on its range of products and services to your contact details, unless you have asked us not to do so. You may opt out of having your personal data used for marketing purposes and/or any purpose inconsistent with the purpose it was originally collected or authorized by you. Please contact marketing@trustwave.com to opt-out or change your preference. If you receive marketing material from our partners or other third parties, and no longer wish to receive such material, you must opt-out directly with that party. 2.6 Rights of Data Subjects in the European Union / European Economic Area or the United Kingdom At any time, you may have access to your personal data for any reason, including without limitation reviewing, correcting, deleting inaccuracies , or updating such information by sending a request to Trustwave in accordance with the “ Contact Details ” section below. You may also have the right to erase your personal data, restrict the processing, the right of portability and the right to object to the processing in certain circumstances. Where appropriate, Trustwave will verify your identity before processing any requests. European data subjects requesting erasure of their personal data must also review the “ Considerations on Data Erasure ” section below. 2.7 Rights of Data Subjects Residing in the State of California Unless otherwise stated in this policy, the practices and activities detailed here also apply to you if you were considered to be a California resident during the collection of your personal data. As a California resident, you may have: the right to know the categories of personal data that may be collected about you and related categories of sources for collection in addition to the business purposes for which that information would be used or shared;the right to know the categories and specific pieces of personal data that were collected or shared for business purposes about you in the preceding 12 months of your request;the right to know the categories of third parties with whom your personal data was shared; the right to delete your personal data; andthe right to not be discriminated against if you choose to exercise your privacy You may inform us that you want to exercise your rights in accordance with the “ Contact Details ” section below. Trustwave will verify your identity before processing any requests and you are entitled to make such request no more than twice in a 12-month period. Please also note that the CCPA contemplates certain exemptions or exceptions for certain types of transactions or other reasons contemplated by law. If you contact Trustwave regarding your personal data and an exemption or exception applies, we will inform you of that fact. California residents requesting erasure of their personal data must also review the “ Considerations on Data Erasure ” section below. Businesses are also required to disclose whether they sell personal data to third parties. Trustwave does not sell your personal data.For additional information on (a) the categories of personal data we collect about you and their sources, (b) how we use this information, and (c) how this information may be shared with third parties, please consult Sections 2.1, 2.2, and 2.4 of the “ Privacy Practices ” section above. 2.8 Rights of Data Subjects in Australia Trustwave abides by the APPs, which provide a scheme in relation to the collection, disclosure, use and storage of personal data. Collection of Personal Data. Where lawful and practicable (i.e. , if we are still able to provide the relevant service or information to you without your information), you may choose to deal with Trustwave anonymously or under a pseudonym. International Transfer of Personal Data. Generally, your personal data is likely to be stored in Australia. However, some Trustwave companies and service providers are located overseas, and in some instances, your personal data may be transferred to or processed by Trustwave companies and service providers in overseas countries, including but limited to the United States and Singapore. If there is an international transfer of personal data (whether by disclosing it to such parties or merely by allowing them to access it) we will take appropriate steps to ensure that it is carried out in accordance with the applicable privacy laws and the AAPs. If you have any questions about the collection, use, disclosure, or storage of your personal data, please contact us using the details at the “ Contact Details ” section below. Access to your Personal Data. You may request details related to the personal data that we hold about you in accordance with the provisions of the Privacy Act. If you would like a copy of the information which we hold about you or believe that any information we hold on you is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, you may send a request to Trustwave in accordance with the “ Contact Details ” section below. Additionally, if you have a complaint about our privacy practices, please submit the details of your complaint in accordance with the “ Contact Details ” section below. Please note that your complaint must made in writing as required by section 40(1A) and that we will respond within a reasonable time as determined by the Privacy Act. 2.9 Security Trustwave utilizes appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure that the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our systems and services protect your personal data. We take all reasonable steps to ensure that the personal data we hold is protected from misuse, interference, and loss, and unauthorised access, modification , or disclosure using various methods, including secure storage. 2.10 Considerations on Data Erasure When processing a valid request for erasure of personal data in accordance with this privacy policy and applicable law, Trustwave will promptly erase personal data from live systems based on the scope defined between the parties. Where data erasure applies to you, please also consider the following: Depending on the extent of your relationship with Trustwave, your data may be retained in Trustwave’s backup systems for a longer period of time in a format that is beyond use;Backup systems play a crucial role in Trustwave’s data security program and in ensuring the availability and access to data in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident;Data erasure on certain backup systems may not be immediately possible due to existing technical controls designed to keep information temporarily available to Trustwave’s information technology team solely when fully required in the event of a physical or technical incident; Relevant data retained in certain backup systems will not be used for any other purpose and will be secured with the appropriate technical and organizational measures based on the requirements of data protection law; andRelevant data retained in backup systems will be kept until such data is overwritten and completely erased based on Trustwave’s internal backup retention schedule and Trustwave will provide information where these considerations apply on a case-by-case basis. 2.11 Changes to this Privacy Policy Trustwave may amend this privacy policy from time to time. If any amendments are made, then a notice will be posted on Trustwave’s website. This privacy policy was last updated on November 2022. 3 Questions and Complaints 3.1 Contact Details All inquiries, questions and complaints regarding how Trustwave processes your personal data and/or this privacy policy may be sent to Trustwave’s Privacy Department: ailing Address es: United States: 70 W.Madison St.,Suite 600Chicago, IL 60602United States of America United Kingdom: New Penderel House, 4 th Fl283-288 High HolbornWC1V 7HP LondonUnited Kingdom Australia: Level 11, 309 George St.:Sydney, NSW 2000Australia Trustwave will promptly respond to all inquiries and implement a corrective course of action, if necessary. Last amended: November 2022 Stay Informed Sign up to receive the latest security news and trends from Trustwave. Copyright © 2023 Trustwave Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved. Help Us Stop the Robot Uprising This is a bot-free zone. Please check the box to let us know you're human. Thank You Read complimentary reports and insightful stories in the Trustwave Resource Center Thank You One of our sales specialists will be in touch shortly. Read complimentary reports and insightful stories in the Trustwave Resource Center Preference Centre Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Preference Centre Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label