Privacy Last Updated/Effective Date: February 24, 2023 Table of Contents: SCOPE AND APPLICATION: What and who this Policy covers COLLECTION OF INFORMATION: The sources of and methods by which we, our service providers, and our advertisers collect information from and about you, including information about your interaction with the Tubi Services USE AND DISCLOSURE: How we use the information we collect from and about you, and who we might share it with and why SECURITY: How we protect your information from loss or misuse USER ACCESS AND CONTROL: How you can access and control the information we maintain about you CHILDREN’S PRIVACY How Tubi handles the personal information of users under 16 years of age OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION: Other things you should know about this Policy and how we handle your information CONTACT US: How to contact Tubi about this Policy CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT NOTICE Other things you should know if you reside in California FOR VIRGINIA CONSUMERS Other things you should know if you reside in Virginia 1. SCOPE AND APPLICATION Tubi (“ Tubi ” or “ we ”) wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information from and about you. This Privacy Policy describes our practices in connection with information collected through services such as websites, mobile sites, applications (“ apps ”), and widgets (collectively, the “ Tubi Services ”). California residents, please see the California Consumer Privacy Act Notice in Section 9 below. Virginia consumers please see Section 10 below. By using Tubi Services, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. A list of our affiliated companies (“ Tubi Affiliates ”) is available at www.foxcorporation.com . This Privacy Policy applies to all users, including both those who use the Tubi Services without being registered with the Tubi Services and those who have registered with the Tubi Services. This Privacy Policy applies to Tubi’s collection and use of your personal information (i.e., information that identifies a specific person, such as full name or e-mail address). It also describes generally Company’s practices for handling non-personal information (for example, interests, demographics, and services usage). Tubi does not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13, except with respect to certain types of Activity Information (described below) which is used only to support the internal operations of the Tubi Services. For more information, please see our Children’s Privacy Policy in Section 6 below. Accordingly, on some of the Tubi Services, children under 13 are not eligible to use certain features. The portions of the Tubi Services that are intended for children under 13 are governed by our Children’s Privacy Policy. 2. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION Tubi and our service providers may collect the following information from and about you: Registration Information is the information you submit to register for the Tubi Services, for example, to create an account, receive a newsletter, or enter a contest or sweepstakes. Registration Information may also include, for example, name, e-mail address, gender,and birthday. Information from Social Media If you access or log-in to the Tubi Services through a social media service or connect the Tubi Services to a social media service, the information we collect may also include your user ID and/or user name associated with that social media service, any information or content you have permitted the social media service to share with us, such as your profile picture, e-mail address or friends lists, and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service. When you access the Tubi Services through social media services or when you connect the Tubi Services to social media services, you are authorizing Tubi to collect, store, and use such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Activity Information When you access and interact with the Tubi Services, Tubi and its service providers may collect certain information about those visits. For example, in order to permit your connection to the Tubi Services, our servers receive and record information about your computer, device, and browser, including potentially your IP address, browser type, and other software or hardware information. If you access the Tubi Services from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device, geolocation data (including your precise location), or other transactional information for that device. Cookies and other tracking technologies (such as browser cookies, pixels, beacons, local storage, and other mechanisms) use various approaches to collect and store data. Some of these technologies store data in the browser or on your device. Other technologies may use network-related or other information to recognize your device (e.g., IP address).Tubi’s websites, apps and other services use these technologies, for example, when you first request a web page and data is then stored on your computer or other device so the website or app can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that service. These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the Tubi Services, such as pages you have visited, search history, and the video and other content you have viewed. Other parties that support the Tubi Services by serving advertisements or providing services, such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate Tubi Services usage statistics, may also use these technologies to collect similar information when you use the Tubi Services (such as websites or e-mails) or other parties’ services. Those parties may also use these technologies, along with activity information they collect, to recognize you across the devices you use, such as a mobile device and a laptop or other computer.Tubi does not control these technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of parties using such technologies. For more information about third-party advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies, including your choices with respect to them, see the section entitled “To deliver relevant advertisements,” below. Your browser may be initially set to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, and to block cookies altogether. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information, including on how to clear data from local storage and, depending on your browser, how to turn off other data collection by the browser. For more information about Google Analytics, please review the site “How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps,” located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ . To opt out of Google Analytics specifically, please go to https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout . Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features, content or personalization available through the Tubi Services. Information from Other Sources. We may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources, such as publicly available information about your online and offline activity from social media services, advertising technology companies, advertisers, commercially available sources, and information from our Company Affiliates or business partners. “Do Not Track”. At this time we do not respond to the “Do Not Track” signal, as we await the work of interested stakeholders and others to develop standards for how the “Do Not Track” signal should be interpreted. 3. USE AND DISCLOSURE We may use the information we collect from and about you to provide the Tubi Services and features to you, including: to measure and improve those Tubi Services and features and to develop new products and services; to improve your experience with both online and off-line Tubi Services by delivering content you will find relevant and interesting, including advertising and marketing messages; to allow you to comment on content, and participate in online games, contests, other promotions, or rewards programs; to provide you with customer support and to respond to inquiries. In order to provide you with content and advertising that is more interesting and relevant to you, we may use the information from and about you to make inferences and predictions about your potential areas of interest. When the information collected from or about you does not identify you as a specific person, we may use that information for any purpose or share it with other parties, to the extent permitted by applicable law. We use the information we collect from and about you for these additional purposes: To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Tubi Services. The information we collect from and about you may be made available to certain service providers, such as contractors, analytics and other measurement companies, and agents or sponsors, who help us analyze and understand your use of the Tubi Services, and manage and/or provide the Tubi Services, including to purchase a product, subscribe to a membership, or make payments. To allow social sharing functionality. If you log in with or connect a social media service account with the Tubi Services, we may share your user name, picturewith other Tubi users and with your friends associated with your social media service. We may also share the same information with the social media service provider.By logging in with or connecting your Tubi account with a social media service, you are authorizing us to share information we collect from and about you with the social media service provider, other users and your friends and you understand that the social media service’s use of the shared information will be governed by the social media service’s privacy policy. If you do not want your personal information shared in this way, please do not connect your social media service account with your Tubi account and do not participate in social sharing on the Tubi Services. To deliver video content. In the ordinary course of our business, we may share information that we collect from or about you with other parties in order to process your requests and fulfill your orders for video content offered through the Tubi Services, including to provide you with access to localized content and provide video content recommendations. To provide co-branded services and features. We may offer co-branded services or features, such as contests, sweepstakes or other promotions or features together with other companies (“ Co-Branded Services ”). These Co-Branded Services may be hosted on the Tubi Services or on that other party’s service. By virtue of these relationships, we may share the information you submit in connection with the Co-Branded Service with that party. That other party’s use of your information will be governed by its privacy policy. For example, we may make available certain tools from Meta, Inc. (“ Meta ”) that, with your consent, enable it to collect or receive information about actions you take on the Tubi Services (e.g., Facebook Watch Party). Meta’s use of information that you choose to share through these features is subject to Meta’s privacy policy. For more information regarding the collection and use of such information by Meta, please see the Meta Data Policy available at https://www.facebook.com/policy.php . To deliver relevant advertisements. Tubi and our service providers may use the information we collect from and about you as described in this Privacy Policy to deliver relevant ads to you when you use the Tubi Services or another service (on any of your devices). As noted above, advertising technology companies and advertisers may use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track information such as demographic information, inferred interests, aggregated information, and information about the different devices and/or browsers you use and your activity on such devices and browsers, to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests. The information may also be used to deliver more relevant advertising to you across marketing channels, including e-mail. To find out more about advertising networks and similar entities that use these technologies, see https://youradchoices.com/. If you wish to opt out of tailored advertising in desktop and mobile browsers, please visit https://optout.aboutads.info/#/ or https://optout.networkadvertising.org/# on each of your devices and browsers. To opt-out in mobile apps, you may use your device’s setting to opt-out of ads personalization or similar settings or download and use the AppChoices app at https://youradchoices.com/appchoices . To opt-out on connected TVs, please use the setting “opt out of ads personalization,” “Interest-based Ads,” or equivalent settings on your device. Please note that opting-out does not mean that you will stop seeing all ads. To contact you. Tubi may periodically send promotional materials or notifications related to the Tubi Services. If you want to stop receiving promotional materials, you can change your account setting in the “settings” function of the Tubi Services or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each e-mail. There are certain service notifications and other non-promotional e-mails that you may not opt-out of, such as notifications of changes to the Tubi Services or policies. If you have installed a mobile app and you wish to stop receiving push notifications, you can change the settings either on your mobile device or through the app. To share with our Company Affiliates . Tubi may share your information with Tubi Affiliates for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. A link to a website that lists Tubi Affiliates can be found at the beginning of this policy. Users who visit Tubi Affiliates’ services should still refer to their separate privacy policies, which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy. To share with business partners . Tubi may share your information with business partners to permit them to send you marketing communications consistent with your choices. To protect the rights of Tubi and others.There may be instances when Tubi may use or disclose your information, including situations where Tubi has a good faith belief that such use or disclosure is necessary in order to: (i) protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety, or property of Tubi, Tubi Affiliates or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use); (ii) protect the safety, privacy, and security of users of the Tubi Services or members of the public; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; (iv) comply with the law or legal process; or (v) respond to requests from public and government authorities. To complete a merger or sale of assets or other corporate transaction. If Tubi sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a reorganization, merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business (including in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings), Tubi may transfer or disclose your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction. 4. SECURITY Tubi uses commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel, and physical measures designed to safeguard information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification. However, no one can guarantee the complete safety of your information. 5. USER ACCESS AND CONTROL If you would like to access personal information we hold about you or delete your personal information you have previously provided directly to us, please visit www.tubitv.com/privacy/mydata or www.tubitv.com/privacy/delete and submit a request. Please note that, for security reasons, we will ask you to verify your identity in order to proceed with your request. If you would like to review, correct, update, suppress, or otherwise limit our use of your personal information, you may contact us at www.tubitv.com/static/support . In your request, please include your e-mail address, name, address, and telephone number and specify clearly what information you would like to change, update, or suppress. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable and consistent with applicable law. Please note that, subject to applicable law, in some cases we may not comply with your request where we may require your information in order to comply with applicable law, or to protect, enforce or defend our rights or employee rights, or those of a Tubi Affiliate. If you are a resident of California, please see the section entitled “ California Consumer Privacy Act Notice ,” below, for more information about the rights you have under California law. If you are under 18 and a registered user of the Tubi Services, you may ask us to remove content or information that you have posted to the Tubi Services by writing contacting us at www.tubitv.com/static/support . Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information, as, for example, some of your content may have been reposted by another user. You may request that we not share your personal information on a going-forward basis with Tubi Affiliates or unaffiliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes by submitting a request at www.tubitv/static/support . We will try to comply with your request(s) as soon as reasonably practicable and consistent with applicable law. 6. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY The privacy of children is important to us. This Children’s Privacy Policy explains how Tubi collects, uses, and discloses personal information, as defined by the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“ COPPA ”), of children under the age of 13 that is collected through the Tubi Services. This policy also explains the rights that parents have with respect to their children’s personal information. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION: Tubi and our service providers may collect the following information from and about children: Persistent Identifiers. When a child accesses and interacts with Tubi Services, we may collect persistent identifiers for our internal operations. For example, in order to permit a child’s connection to the Tubi Services, our servers receive and record certain information about their computer, device, and/or browser, including IP address or unique device identifier. Cookies and other tracking technologies (such as pixels, beacons, and local storage technology, including cookies) are comprised of small bits of data that often include a unique identifier. Websites, apps, and other services send this data to a child’s browser or device when they first request a web page and then store the data on the child’s device so the website can access the information when the child makes subsequent requests for pages from that service.These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about a child’s usage of Tubi Services, such as pages visited, content viewed, search queries run and advertisements served. Other parties that support Tubi Services by delivering contextual advertisements or providing services, such as compiling aggregate Tubi Service usage statistics, may also use these technologies to collect similar information. USE AND DISCLOSURE: Tubi uses the information we collect to provide the Tubi Services and features, including: to measure and improve those Tubi Services and features; to improve the child’s experience with Tubi Services by delivering contextual advertising and limiting the number of times a child sees an advertisement on the Tubi Services; to provide the child with customer support and to respond to inquiries. When the information collected from or about a child does not identify them as a specific person, we may use that information for any purpose or share it with third parties. We use the information we collect from and about children for these additional purposes: To allow service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Tubi Services. Tubi may make a child’s information available to certain third-party service providers, such as contractors, agents or sponsors, who help us manage or provide the Tubi Services. To deliver contextual advertisements. Tubi and our service providers may use the information we collect from and about a child to deliver contextual ads to them when they use the Tubi Services, and to limit the number of times a particular ad is shown. To protect the rights of Tubi and others. There may be instances when Tubi may disclose a child’s information, including situations where Tubi has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to: (i) protect, enforce, or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety, or property of Tubi, Tubi Affiliates or our or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements and our terms of use); (ii) protect the safety, privacy, and security of users of the Tubi Services or members of the public; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; (iv) comply with the law or legal process; or (v) respond to requests from public and government authorities. To complete a merger or sale of assets. If Tubi sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business, Tubi may transfer children’s information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction. PARENTAL ACCESS AND CONTROL: If you would like to review the personal information that your child has provided to us, or if you would like to ask us to cease collecting personal information from your child, make no further use of the personal information we have collected from your child, make no further disclosure of your child’s personal information to third parties, or delete the personal information we have already collected from the child, you may contact us as outlined in Section 8. In your request, please include your name and your child’s name, e-mail address, and Tubi device ID ( how to find it ), and specify clearly the action you would like us to take. We will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. If you have questions, please contact us by the methods provided below in Section 8 7. OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION Updates to Privacy Policy. Tubi may modify this Privacy Policy. Please look at the Effective Date at the top of this Privacy Policy to see when this Privacy Policy was last revised. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Tubi Services. Location of Data. The Tubi Services are hosted in and managed from the United States. If you are a user located outside the United States, you understand and consent to having any personal information processed in the United States or in any other country in which we have facilities or in which we engage service providers. The United States and other countries’ data protection laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction. In certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in the United States may be entitled to access your personal information. Linked Services. The Tubi Services may be linked to sites operated by unaffiliated companies, and may carry advertisements or offer content, functionality, games, newsletters, contests or sweepstakes, or applications developed and maintained by unaffiliated companies. Tubi is not responsible for the privacy practices of unaffiliated companies, and once you leave the Tubi Services or click an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the other service.In addition, Tubi is not responsible for the privacy or data security practices of other organizations, such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Apple, Google, Microsoft or any other app developer, app provider, social media platform provider, operating system provider, wireless service provider, or device manufacturer, including in connection with any information you disclose to other organizations through or in connection with the Tubi Services. Data Retention. We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law. Remember that even after you cancel your account, or if you ask us to delete your personal information, copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where, for example, you have shared information with social media or other services. Because of the nature of caching technology, your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others. We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancellation or your request for deletion, for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security or recordkeeping policies. It may not always be possible to completely remove or delete all of your information due to technical constraints or contractual, financial or legal requirements. 8. CONTACT US If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us www.tubitv.com/static/support and select “Terms of Use & Privacy Policy” from the list of available topics. You may also contact us by mail at: Attention: Legal Department Tubi, Inc. 315 Montgomery Street, 16th Floor San Francisco, CA 94104 9. CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT NOTICE This California Consumer Privacy Act Notice Section provides information for California residents in connection with the California Consumer Privacy Act (“ CCPA ”). California residents who are prospective, current, or former Fox employees; or contractors, emergency contacts, or beneficiaries may view our workforce-related California privacy notice by visiting https://www.fox.com/workforce-privacy-notice/ . California residents who are business consumers acting as employees, owners, directors, officers or independent contractors of an entity conducting due diligence or providing or receiving a product or service from Fox (“ Business-to-Business Contacts ”) may view our B2B privacy notice by visiting https://www.tubitv.com/static/b2bprivacy . Under the CCPA, and for purposes of this Section, “Personal Information” generally means information that identifies, relates to, or describes a particular California resident and includes the categories listed below. This Section 9 provides details about the categories of Personal Information of California residents that we have collected, disclosed, or “sold” or “shared” during the last 12 months, as well as rights California residents have under California law. Categories of Personal Information Collected, Disclosed, and/or Sold or Shared: The categories of Personal Information that we collected, disclosed, and/or “sold” or “shared” are below, along with the categories of third parties to whom each category of Personal Information was disclosed, and/or “sold” or “shared.” Please note that we disclose some categories of Personal Information in connection with certain types of advertisements, which could be considered “selling” or “sharing” under the CCPA. Also, depending on the California resident’s interactions with us, Tubi may not have collected, disclosed, or “sold” or “shared” each of these categories about each individual. Additionally, we do not knowingly “sell” or “share” Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age.Identifiers , such as name, IP address, e-mail address, and online and device identifiers Service providers, Tubi Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes Advertising technology companies; advertisers For the purpose of targeted advertising Personal information , as defined in the California Customer Records law, such as contact and financial information Service providers, Tubi Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes Advertising technology companies; advertisers For the purpose of targeted advertising Characteristics of protected classifications under California law , such as age or gender Service providers, Tubi Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes N/A Commercial information , such as transaction information and purchase history Service providers, Tubi Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes N/A Internet or network activity information , such as browsing history and interactions with our websites, mobile, or connected TV applications Service providers, Tubi Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes N/A Non-Precise Geolocation data , such device location Service providers, Tubi Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes Advertising technology companies; advertisers For the purposes of targeted advertising Audio, electronic, visual and other similar information , such as call recordings Service providers, Tubi Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes N/A Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Information listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics Service providers, Tubi Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes Advertising technology companies; advertisers For the purpose of targeted advertising Please note that the CCPA definitions of “sale” and “share” do not include, for example, the transfer of Personal Information as an asset that is part of a merger, bankruptcy, or other similar transaction involving all or any portion of our business. Sources of Personal Information. We collect this Personal Information directly from California residents themselves, as well as from social media platforms (e.g., if the individual has connected a social media account to the Tubi Services); joint marketing, co-branding, co-promotional, or advertising partners, including advertising technology companies and advertisers; Company Affiliates; and sources of demographic and other information. Depending on the individual’s interactions with us, Tubi may not have collected Personal Information from each of these categories of sources. Purposes. We may use this Personal Information and/or disclose it to third parties for the following purposes: to operate, manage, and maintain our business, including in connection with a sale, acquisition, reorganization, merger, transfer of all or a part of our business, or other corporate transaction (e.g., a bankruptcy or similar proceeding);;to provide our products and services;to accomplish our business purposes and objectives, including:developing, improving, repairing, and maintaining our products and services;personalizing, advertising, and marketing our products and services; conducting research, analytics, and data analysis;maintaining our facilities and infrastructure;quality and safety assurance measures;conducting risk and security controls and monitoring;detecting and preventing fraud;performing identity verification;performing accounting, audit, and other internal functions;complying with law, legal process, and internal policies;maintaining records; andexercising and defending legal claims. Depending on the California resident’s interactions with us, Tubi may not have used Personal Information collected about that resident for each of these purposes. Data Retention . We will retain Personal Information from or about you as reasonably necessary and proportionate to achieve the purpose(s) for which the Personal Information was collected or processed as outlined in this Section 9 unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law. California Rights. If you are a California consumer, you have the following rights: Right to Know.You have the right to request that we disclose to you the following information:The categories of Personal Information we collected about you and the categories of sources from which we collected such Personal Information;The specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you for the applicable time period;The business or commercial purpose for collecting, disclosing, or sellingPersonal Information about you;The categories of Personal Information about you that we sold and the categories of third parties to whom we sold that Personal Information; and The categories of Personal Information about you that we otherwise shared or disclosed and the categories of third parties with whom we shared or disclosed that Personal Information. To make a request for your Personal Information, please visit www.tubitv.com/static/support . You will need to provide your name and e-mail address, along with other details about your request. You will then receive verification instructions by e-mail. For certain requests, you will be asked to authenticate to your account as part of the verification process, if you have an account/profile with us. But you do not need to have an account/profile to submit a request. In some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity or proceed with your request. You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for your Personal Information. When submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the “Other” option on the form and, in the field provided, include your name, your e-mail address, and whether or not you have an account/profile with us. In addition to verifying your identity, as described above, we also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g., by receiving a copy of your signed permission). Once verification is complete, we may communicate directly with you for privacy and security reasons. Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies. Right to Request Deletion. You have the right to request that we delete Personal Information we collected from you. To make a request for deletion, please visit www.tubitv.com/privacy/delete . You will need to provide your name and e-mail address, along with other details about your request. You will then receive verification instructions by e-mail. For certain requests, you will be asked to authenticate to your account as part of the verification process, if you have an account/profile with us. But you do not need to have an account/profile to submit a request. Please note that you also will be asked to separately confirm that you would like to proceed with your deletion request. In some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity or proceed with your request. You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for deletion. When submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the “Other” option on the form and, in the field provided, include your name, your e-mail address, and whether or not you have an account/profile with us. In addition to verifying your identity, as described above, we also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g., by receiving a copy of your signed permission). Once verification is complete, we may communicate directly with you for privacy and security reasons. Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies. Right to Request Correction. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate Personal Information we collected about you. To make a request for correction of inaccurate Personal Information, please click www.tubitv.com/privacy/correction . You will need to provide your name, e-mail address, and the Personal Information you would like to have corrected, along with other details about your request. You will then receive verification instructions by e-mail. For certain requests, you will be asked to authenticate to your account as part of the verification process, if you have an account/profile with us. But you do not need to have an account/profile to submit a request. In some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity or proceed with your request. You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for correction of inaccurate Personal Information. When submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the “Other” option on the form and, in the field provided, include your name, your e-mail address, and whether or not you have an account/profile with us.In addition to verifying your identity, as described above, we also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g., by receiving a copy of your signed permission). Once verification is complete, we may communicate directly with you /for privacy and security reasons. Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies. Right to Opt-Out of Sale or Sharing. As noted above in this section, we share some categories of Personal Information in connection with certain types of advertisements. You can visit our “Your Privacy Choices” Internet Webpage at https://tubitv.com/privacy/your-privacy-choices . You can opt out of the sale and sharing of your Personal Information by clicking on the toggle and hitting the “submit” button at the bottom of the screen. If you have an account/profile with us, your preference will apply to the device(s) connected to your logged-in account or profile for the Tubi Services. If you do not have an account, or choose not to log-in to your account on a device, you will need to select your preference on each device. Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information. Certain pieces of personal information that we have about you may be considered “sensitive” under applicable laws. You may request that we only use or provide this personal information to others for certain purposes, subject to exceptions (such as to provide the services and for security purposes). You may make a request to limit our use of this personal information by visiting https://www.tubitv.com/privacy/sensitive Right to be Free from Discrimination. You have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the CCPA. Record Keeping Tubi’s CCPA metrics for the 2021 reporting period are as follows: Requests to Know : Tubi received 2 requests by individuals to access personal information during the 2021 reporting period through its designated methods of submission. Of those requests, Tubi denied 2 requests due to failure to verify identity, requests were duplicative, or the individual requesting access of personal information identified as a resident of a state other than California. The median number of days within which Tubi substantively responded to requests to know was 9. Requests for Deletion : Tubi received 15 requests by individuals to delete their personal information during the 2021 reporting period through its designated methods of submission. Of those requests, Tubi complied, in whole or in part, with 4 requests. Tubi denied 11 requests due to failure to verify identity, or the individual requesting deletion of personal information identified as a resident of a state other than California. The median number of days within which Tubi substantively responded to requests to delete was within 4 days. Requests to Opt Out of “Sales” : Tubi shares some categories of personal information in connection with certain types of advertisements, which could be considered a “sale” under the CCPA. Tubi provides a Do Not Sell My Personal Information link on its websites and a Do Not Sell My Personal Information section in the Account/Settings sections of its digital apps. Tubi received 5241 requests to opt out of “sales” of personal information during the 2021 reporting period through those mechanisms. Of those requests, Tubi complied, in whole or in part, with 1740 requests. Tubi denied 3501 requests due to individuals failing to provide the information necessary to fulfill the request, or the individual requesting the opt out identified as a resident of a state other than California. The median number of days within which Tubi substantively responded to requests to opt-out was 8 days. 10. FOR VIRGINIA CONSUMERS This section provides information for Virginia consumers in connection with the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“ VCDPA ”). Under the VCDPA, and for purposes of this Section, “Personal Data” generally means information that identifies, relates to, or describes a particular Virginia consumer and includes the categories listed below. This Section 10 provides details about the categories of Personal Data of Virginia consumers that we have collected, disclosed, processed for purposes of targeted advertising, or “sold”, as well as rights Virginia consumers have under Virginia law. Categories of Personal Data Collected or Disclosed, or Processed for Targeted Advertising: The categories of Personal Data that we collected or disclosed, or processed for purposes of targeted advertising are below, along with the categories of third parties to whom each category of Personal Data was disclosed. Please note that we process some categories of Personal Data in connection with targeted advertising.Additionally, depending on the Virginia consumer’s interactions with us, Tubi may not have collected or disclosed, or processed for purposes of targeted advertising, each of these categories about each individual. Identifiers , such as name, IP address, e-mail address, and online and device identifiers Service providers, Tubi Affiliates, advertising technology companies, advertisers, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes Yes Characteristics of protected classifications , such as age or gender Service providers, Tubi Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes N/A Internet or network activity information , such as browsing history and interactions with our websites, mobile, or connected TV applications Service providers, Tubi Affiliates, advertising technology companies, advertisers, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes Yes Non-Precise Geolocation data , such as device location Service providers, Tubi Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes Yes Audio, electronic, visual and other similar information , such as call recordings Service providers, Tubi Affiliates, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes N/A Inferences drawn from any of the Personal Data listed above to create a profile or summary about, for example, an individual’s preferences and characteristics Service providers, Tubi Affiliates, advertising technology companies, advertisers, and other providers or partners that support our operational business purposes Yes Please note that the VCDPA definition of “sale” is the exchange of information for monetary consideration and does not include, for example, the transfer of Personal Data as an asset that is part of a merger, bankruptcy, or other similar transaction involving of all or any portion of our business. We do not “sell” Personal Data as defined under the VCDPA. Purposes We may use Personal Data for the following purposes: to operate, manage, and maintain our business , including in connection with a sale, acquisition, reorganization, merger, transfer of all or a part of our business, or other corporate transaction (e.g., a bankruptcy or similar proceeding);;to provide our products and services;to accomplish our business purposes and objectives, including:developing, improving, repairing, and maintaining our products and services;personalizing, advertising, and marketing our products and services (including targeted advertising); conducting research, analytics, and data analysis;maintaining our facilities and infrastructure;quality and safety assurance measures;conducting risk and security controls and monitoring;detecting and preventing fraud;performing identity verification;performing accounting, audit, and other internal functions;complying with law, legal process, and internal policies;maintaining records; andexercising and defending legal claims. Depending on the Virginia consumer’s interactions with us, Tubi may not have used Personal Data collected about that resident for each of these purposes. Virginia Rights. If you are a Virginia consumer, you have the following rights: Right to Access and Portability. You have the right to request that we disclose to you the Personal Data we collected from you, including in a portable form. To make a request for your Personal Data, please click https://www.tubitv.com/privacy/mydata . You will need to provide your name and e-mail address, along with other details about your request. You will then receive verification instructions by e-mail. For certain requests, you will be asked to authenticate to your account as part of the verification process, if you have an account/profile with us. But you do not need to have an account/profile to submit a request. In some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity or proceed with your request. You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for your Personal Data. When submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the “Other” option on the form and, in the field provided, include your name, your e-mail address, and whether or not you have an account/profile with us. In addition to verifying your identity, as described above, we also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g., by receiving a copy of your signed permission). Once verification is complete, we may communicate directly with you for privacy and security reasons. Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies. Right to Request Deletion. You have the right to request that we delete Personal Data we collected from you or about you.To make a request for deletion, please visit https://tubitv.com/privacy/delete . You will need to provide your name and e-mail address, along with other details about your request. You will then receive verification instructions by e-mail. For certain requests, you will be asked to authenticate to your account as part of the verification process, if you have an account/profile with us. But you do not need to have an account/profile to submit a request. Please note that you also will be asked to separately confirm that you would like to proceed with your deletion request. In some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity or proceed with your request. You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for deletion. When submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the “Other” option on the form and, in the field provided, include your name, your e-mail address, and whether or not you have an account/profile with us. In addition to verifying your identity, as described above, we also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g., by receiving a copy of your signed permission). Once verification is complete, we may communicate directly with you for privacy and security reasons. Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies. Right to Request Correction. You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate Personal Data we collected about you. To make a request for correction of inaccurate Personal Data, please visit www.tubitv.com/privacy/rectification . You will need to provide your name, e-mail address, and the Personal Data you would like to be corrected, along with other details about your request. You will then receive verification instructions by e-mail. For certain requests, you will be asked to authenticate to your account as part of the verification process, if you have an account/profile with us. But you do not need to have an account/profile to submit a request. In some circumstances, we may need additional information from you to verify your identity or proceed with your request. You can use an authorized agent to submit a request for correction of inaccurate Personal Data. When submitting a request online, your authorized agent should select the “Other” option on the form and, in the field provided, include your name, your e-mail address, and whether or not you have an account/profile with us. In addition to verifying your identity, as described above, we also will need to verify your authorized agent’s ability to act on your behalf (e.g., by receiving a copy of your signed permission). Once verification is complete, we may communicate directly with you for privacy and security reasons. Please note that, in some instances, we may decline to honor your request where, for example, we are unable to verify your identity or an exception to this right applies. Right to Opt-Out of Targeted Advertising. We process and share some categories of Personal Data in connection with targeted advertising. You can visit our “Your Privacy Choices” Internet Webpage https://tubitv.com/privacy/your-privacy-choices . You can opt out of targeted advertising by clicking on the toggle and hitting the “submit” button at the bottom of the screen. If you have an account/profile with us, your preference will apply to the device(s) connected to your logged-in account or profile for the Tubi Services. If you do not have an account, or choose not to log-in to your account on a device, you will need to select your preference on each device. Right to Appeal . If you receive a denial of a personal data rights request and would like to request an appeal , please notify us through our privacy rights portal following the instructions provided with the denial of your request. Right to be Free from Discrimination. You have the right to be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights under the VCDPA. COMPANYSUPPORTPARTNERSGET THE APPSPRESSLEGALYour Privacy Choices Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information/Opt Out of Targeted Advertising/Limit the Use of My Sensitive Personal Information Depending on where you live, you may have the right to opt out of the “Sale or Sharing” of your personal information and/or to opt out of targeted advertising. We and our advertising partners use certain personal information to deliver online advertisements to you on your devices tailored to your interests. This may be considered “Selling or Sharing” under California law and “Targeted Advertising” under Virginia and other state privacy laws. If you are a California resident and wish to opt out of the “Sale or Sharing” of your personal information in connection with targeted advertising on Tubi’s apps, please make a request through the form at https://tubitv.com/privacy/opt-out . If you are a Virginia consumer and wish to opt out of “Targeted Advertising” on Tubi’s apps, please make a request through the form at https://tubitv.com/privacy/opt-out . You will need to follow these opt-out instructions for each of your devices. Tubi may use certain types of personal information that may be considered “sensitive” under applicable laws to provide the services requested and to show you relevant ads. If you are a California resident, you have the right to request that Tubi limit the use of your “Sensitive Personal Information” on Tubi’s apps. You may make a request to limit the use of this personal information through the form at https://tubitv.com/privacy/sensitive . Please note that opting out does not mean that you will stop seeing all ads. And after opting out of the “Sale or Sharing” of your personal information, opting out of “Targeted Advertising” as described above, or limiting the use of your sensitive personal information, you may still see interest-based ads. Because interest-based advertising relies on cookies and other similar technologies, opting out needs to be controlled at the device and/or browser level. To learn more about interest-based advertising across other websites and apps, and your additional choices for opting out of interest-based advertising, please visit http://optout.aboutads.info/#/ or http://optout.networkadvertising.org/# . To learn more about our information practices, please see our Privacy Policy at https://www.tubitv.com/static/privacy . COMPANYSUPPORTPARTNERSGET THE APPSPRESSLEGAL