Privacy Protection Safeguards Kalay platform hosts a vast array of interconnected products that contain a significant amount of users’ private data. We understand that our customers and users value and are concerned about their privacy rights. By referring to our privacy protection policy, you can learn how we fulfill our commitment to safeguarding your privacy. TUTK PSIRT TUTK Product Security Incident Response Team (TUTK PSIRT) is the coordination center for all the vulnerability issues and incidents associated with TUTK products. ​ Compliance and Certification Information Security Management System ISO/IEC 27001 General Data Protection Regulation California Consumer Privacy Act Copyright © 2021 ThroughTek Co., Ltd. All rights reserved. Copyright © 2021 ThroughTek Co., Ltd. All rights reserved. Manage consent Close Privacy Overview Necessary Always Enabled cookielawinfo-checbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Like many websites, TUTK analyzes log file information and other data collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technology, to collect information about your browsing behavior when you visit our website, including for example, your browser type, domains, page views, IP address, referring/exit pages, information about how you interact with our websiite’s webpages and with third-party links, traffic and usage trends on the service, etc. We use session cookies to keep you logged in while you use features of our websites; these disappear after you close your browser. We also use persistent cookies, which stay in your browser and allow us to recognize you when you return to our websites. We use this to remember your information so you will not have to re-enter it, to better understand how you use our website and products and services. In some of our email messages, we use a “click-through URL” linked to content on the Site. We track this click-through data to help us measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. We also use third-party analytics tools (including Google Analytics) to assist us with analyzing and improving our service. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies, but you may be able to change the settings of your browser to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you set your browser to reject cookies, parts of our websites may not work for you. Please note, depending on your type of device or browser, it may not be possible to delete or disable all tracking mechanisms on your device. Functional Performance Analytics Advertisement OthersWe take your privacy seriously. Your data is completely controlled by you. We understand that you are aware of and care about your own personal privacy interests. This policy describes what, why and how we collect and use your personal information, your rights as data subject and the channels for you to contact us for privacy matters, and applies to those websites、services and applications of TUTK that link to this site. To optimize protection of your privacy is an ongoing responsibility. We will continuously improve our privacy including data security practices and update this Privacy Policy. Information that TUTK collects TUTK may collect information about you in several different ways. 1. Information that you provide us Whenever you interact with TUTK, you may be asked to provide us with information relating to you. For example:When you correspond with us by email, the postal service, or other form of communication, we may retain such correspondence and the information contained in it and use it to respond to your inquiry or to keep a record of your complaint and the like. When you visit us at a public event, such as trade show or exhibition or participate in one of our surveys, we may ask for information, such as your business card, name and contact details. 2. Information we may collect when you use websites, products and services of TUTK or supported by TUTK Some of TUTK websites, internet-enabled products and online services provide TUTK with information about your use of them, including: Details of the content that you view and interact with. For example, when you use our website, we may collect information about your visit, such as your browser software, which pages you view and which items you ‘clicked’. Service, product or server logs, which hold information about your use of our service, product or websites, such as your IP address, browser information (including HTTP user agent strings), HTTP client request information and the time and location of your activities, domain, device and application settings, errors and hardware activity. Details of your linked service provider accounts and when and how you used them. In general, this information is collected using digital identifiers such as a device number, browser cookie or your IP address. These identifiers are used to distinguish the information provided by your browser or device from that of another user’s browser or device and are not used to identify you personally. Please also see All about cookies for further details. 3. Information we may collect from other sources We may also collect information from publically available sources and third parties, including:If you purchase and/or use products or services such as IP cam or Apps from our partners, we may receive certain information about you.When carrying out business to business sales calls, we may use business contact details that are available for the public. The information about you collected in several different ways may include, for instance, the following: – Email address– Name– Phone number– Cookies– Account information (including email address and nick name, provided by. individuals)– IP address– Device identifier– Device location To better protect your personal data, we keep improving the technologies for encryption and de-identification in the data flow. How TUTK uses the information collected If individual requested us to provide services (such as inquiry for sending the technical White Paper) via TUTK website, TUTK will use the provided data that individual only for the evaluation of and reply to the request. If individual use the services or products of TUTK or our partners, we will directly or indirectly process the data collected, such as account information, IP address and device identifier, only to provide and maintain the said services, for instance device registration and P2P connection between devices. If individual allow TUTK to keep his/her records for the contract purpose or with explicit consent, TUTK will process the data collected only for the declared purpose, for instance to provide a replay service for him/her. Reasons TUTK shares information about you We share your personal data with your consent or as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any services you have requested or authorized. In addition, we share personal data among TUTK-controlled affiliates and subsidiaries. We also share personal data with vendors working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. For example, companies we’ve hired to provide server support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal data to provide those functions. In such cases, these companies must abide by our data privacy and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal data they receive from us for any other purpose.Finally, we will access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal data, including your content, when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to: – comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies;– protect our customers, for example to help prevent the loss of life or serious injury of anyone;– operate and maintain the security of our products or services, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks. Access to your information and your rights If you wish to confirm that TUTK is processing your personal data, or to have access to the personal data TUTK may have about you, please contact us at privacy@tutk.com . You may also request information about: the purpose of the processing; the categories of personal data concerned; who else outside TUTK might have received the data about you from TUTK; what the source of the information was (if you didn’t provide it directly to TUTK); and how long it will be stored. You have a right to correct the record of your personal data maintained by TUTK if it is inaccurate. You may request TUTK to erase that data or cease processing it, subject to certain exceptions. In many countries, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate data protection authority if you have concerns about how TUTK processes your personal data. When technically feasible, TUTK will—at your request—provide your personal data to you or transmit it directly to another person or organization. Reasonable access to your personal data will be provided at no cost to TUTK contractual customers upon request made to TUTK at privacy@tutk.com . If for some reason access is denied, TUTK will provide an explanation as to why access has been denied. Storage and security of your information TUTK doesn’t store the information about you for any longer than the defined time period in the agreement or necessary for the contract purpose. After the defined retention time or fulfillment of the contract purpose, TUTK will proactively delete your personal data unless we are required by law to keep it longer. It is committed to protect the information about you once TUTK has it. TUTK keeps strengthening the security mechanism, security controls and management. Our efforts have been confirmed with the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 27001 certification for our Kalay Platform’s cloud services and information management systems. Despite our efforts, if we learn of a security breach, we’ll notify you without undue delay and keep you informed for protective measures to be implemented. Copyright © 2021 ThroughTek Co., Ltd. All rights reserved. Copyright © 2021 ThroughTek Co., Ltd. All rights reserved. Manage consent Close Privacy Overview Necessary Always Enabled cookielawinfo-checbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Like many websites, TUTK analyzes log file information and other data collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technology, to collect information about your browsing behavior when you visit our website, including for example, your browser type, domains, page views, IP address, referring/exit pages, information about how you interact with our websiite’s webpages and with third-party links, traffic and usage trends on the service, etc. We use session cookies to keep you logged in while you use features of our websites; these disappear after you close your browser. We also use persistent cookies, which stay in your browser and allow us to recognize you when you return to our websites. We use this to remember your information so you will not have to re-enter it, to better understand how you use our website and products and services. In some of our email messages, we use a “click-through URL” linked to content on the Site.We track this click-through data to help us measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. We also use third-party analytics tools (including Google Analytics) to assist us with analyzing and improving our service. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies, but you may be able to change the settings of your browser to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you set your browser to reject cookies, parts of our websites may not work for you. Please note, depending on your type of device or browser, it may not be possible to delete or disable all tracking mechanisms on your device. Functional Performance Analytics Advertisement Others