Your Privacy TVadSync Analytics helps advertisers fine tune the adverts they serve to you by measuring ad performance. TVadSync Analytics – Advertising Data Collection Privacy Policy TVadSync Analytics helps advertisers fine tune the adverts they serve to you by measuring ad performance. In order to do this we collect some information when an ad is served. We want to be clear with you how we’re using this information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy.Our Privacy Policy explains:What information we collect and why we collect it.How we use that information.The choices we offer, including how to opt out. Your privacy matters to TVadSync so please do take the time to get to know our practices – and if you have any questions contact us . Information we collect We collect information to provide better services to all of our users – from figuring out which ads you’ll find most useful, to what TV shows you might like best.We collect information in the following ways: Information we get from when you see a digital ad from one of our clients. We collect information when you view and interact with an ad we are tracking. This information includes: Device information We collect device-specific information (such as your hardware model, or operating system version. Event information When you view or interact with one of our client’s ads, we automatically collect and store certain information in our database. This includes: Internet protocol address Information that gives the ad context, such as the domain or app name, and the time it was seen at. Cookies and similar technologies We use a pixel tracking technology to collect and store information when you encounter a client’s ad, and this may include using cookies to identify your browser or device. Our TVadSync Analytics product helps businesses and site owners analyze exposures and interactions with their ads. When used in conjunction with our Smart TV data, this information is linked, by the TVadSync team, with information about TV viewing behaviour to determine ad relevance. Information we collect from ad exposure is treated in the strictest confidence, and held in a secure database. No attempt is made to personally identify you from the data gathered, and all data is reported on in aggregate when passed to a client. For more information about how you can delete your browser cookies that are associated with TVadSync, see below. How we use information we collect We use the information we collect from our tracking pixel to help bring more relevance to your online experience by helping our clients determine the performance and relevance of the the ads that are served to you.For instance, if you are not responding to an ad, or if it has been served to you too many times, our clients can stop targeting you with this ad. Similarly if you do respond positively to this ad our clients can attribute positive performance to it and learn what works best for their customers. We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy.TVadSync only stores information on our servers located in the US. Transparency and choice People have different privacy concerns. Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect, so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used. For example, you can: You may also set your browser to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our services, or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us. However, it’s important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. For example, we may not remember your language preferences. How to Delete and Manage Cookies Cookies are small files that websites put on your PC to store info about your preferences. Cookies can improve your browsing experience by allowing sites remember your preferences or letting you avoid signing in each time you visit certain sites. However, some cookies may put your privacy at risk by tracking sites that you visit, or ads that you’ve seen. Internet Explorer In Internet Explorer, select the Tools button, point to Safety, and then select Delete browsing history.Select the Cookies and website data check box, and then select Delete. Chrome On your computer, open Chrome.At the top right, click More .Click More tools Clear browsing data.At the top, choose a time range. To delete everything, select All time.Next to “Cookies and other site data” and “Cached images and files,” check the boxes.Click Clear data. Safari Click Manage Website DataSelect one or more WebsitesClick Remove or Remove All Firefox Click the menu button, then Library, followed by History.Click Clear Recent History….Set Time range to clear to Everything.Click on the arrow next to Details to expand the list of history items.Select Cookies and make sure that other items you want to keep are not selected.Click Clear Now to clear the cookies and close the Clear Recent History window. How to Reset your Advertising ID The advertising ID is a unique, user-resettable ID for advertising. It gives users better controls and provides developers with a simple, standard system to continue to monetize their apps. It enables users to reset their identifier or opt out of personalized ads (formerly known as interest-based ads). To Reset your Advertising ID: To reset your Advertising Identifier on iOS Open “Settings”Tap “Privacy”Tap “Advertising”Tap “Reset Advertising Identifier”. To reset your Advertising Identifier on Android Open “Settings”Tap “Google”, or “Google Services”Tap “Ads”Tap “Reset Advertising ID” See these links, for more information on how iOS users can enable Limit Ad Tracking and Android users can Opt Out of Interest-Based Ads. Information we share We do not collect, or share personal information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of TVadSync. TVadSync is restricted by licence from collecting or storing any personally identifiable information.We may share non-personally identifiable information privately with our clients. For example, we may share information that shows how many times their ads were seen, in what regions, and how many resulted in a conversion or desired action being taken.This data is aggregated and anonymised, and in no circumstance could our clients identify you personally from our data or reporting. Information security We work hard to protect TVadSync and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold. In particular:We encrypt our data collection endpoint using SSL.We review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems. When this Privacy Policy applies Our Privacy Policy applies to collection of advertising data by TVadSync Limited, but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy. Compliance and cooperation with regulatory authorities We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. We also adhere to several self regulatory frameworks, including the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Frameworks. When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly. Changes Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes). We will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review. Website data collection privacy policy (tvadsync.com) This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users. We receive information about consumers from third parties to enable targeted advertising on the website(s) and application(s) that we support. The collection and use of that data is governed by the privacy policy and legal terms of the data collector and the website using the data; it is not governed by TVadSync. Data Controller and Owner TVadSync, 79 Merrion Square South, Dublin 2, Ireland Types of Data collected Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Email, Cookie and Usage Data. Other Personal Data collected may be described in other sections of this privacy policy or by dedicated explanation text contextually with the Data collection.The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or collected automatically when using this Application.Any use of Cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this Application or by the owners of third party services used by this Application, unless stated otherwise, serves to identify Users and remember their preferences, for the sole purpose of providing the service required by the User.Failure to provide certain Personal Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services.The User assumes responsibility for the Personal Data of third parties published or shared through this Application and declares to have the right to communicate or broadcast them, thus relieving the Data Controller of all responsibility. Mode and place of processing the Data Method of processing The Data Controller processes the Data of Users in proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification or unauthorized destruction of the Data.Access to the Data may be available to Data Processors, if appointed, as well as employees involved with the processing. Access to Data may be also available to external parties providing services to the Data Controller such as third party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communication agencies. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Data Controller at any time. Place The Data is processed at the Data Controller headquarters, unless stated otherwise in the rest of this document. Conservation Time The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request the Data Controller for their suspension or removal via contact details onsite. The use of the collected Data The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Application to provide its services, as well as for the following purposes: Managing email addresses and sending messages, Analytics and Interaction with external social networks and platforms. The Personal Data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document. Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services: AnalyticsThe services contained in this section enable the Owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of User behavior.Google Analytics (Google)Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google utilizes the Data collected to track and examine the use of this Application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.Google may use the Data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage Data.Place of processing: USA – Privacy Policy – Opt Out Interaction with external social networks and platformsThese services allow interaction with social networks or other external platforms directly from the pages of this Application.The interaction and information obtained by this Application are always subject to the User’s privacy settings for each social network.If a service enabling interaction with social networks is installed it may still collect traffic data for the pages where the service is installed, even when Users do not use it.Twitter Tweet button and social widgets (Twitter)The Twitter Tweet button and social widgets are services allowing interaction with the Twitter social network provided by Twitter Inc.Personal Data collected: Cookie and Usage Data.Place of processing: USA – Privacy Policy Managing email addresses and sending messagesThese services make it possible to manage a database of email contacts to communicate with the User via email.The services are used to collect data concerning the date and time when the mail is viewed by the User, as well as when the User interacts with incoming mail, such as by clicking on links included in the email.Mailchimp (Mailchimp)Mailchimp is an email address management and message sending service provided by Mailchimp Inc.Personal Data collected: Email.Place of processing: USA – Privacy Policy Contact Form 7Contact Form 7 is a contact form submission service.Personal Data collected: Email, Name, Company, Role.The purpose of data collection via Contact Form 7 is to respond to queries via tvadsync.com made by users of the site.Remarketing and RetargetingAs you browse TVadSync.com, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our display advertising partner, AdRoll, then enables us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with TVadSync.com. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number. You can visit this page to opt out of AdRoll and their partners’ targeted advertising. Additional information about Data collection and processing Legal Action The User’s Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Data Controller, in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related services.Additional Information about User’s Personal Data In addition to the information in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and processing of Personal Data. System Logs and Maintenance For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System Logs) or use for this purpose other Personal Data (such as IP Address). Information not contained in this policy More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Data Controller at any time at its contact information. The rights of Users Users have the right, at any time, to know whether their Personal Data has been stored and can consult the Data Controller to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to the Data Controller at the contact information set out above. Changes to this privacy policy The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy, the User must cease using this Application and can request the Data Controller to erase the Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Data the Data Controller has about Users. Information about this privacy policy The Data Controller is responsible for this privacy policy, prepared starting from the modules provided by Iubenda and hosted on the Iubenda’s servers. Definitions and legal references Personal Data (or Data) Any information regarding a natural person, a legal person, an institution or an association, which is, or can be, identified, even indirectly, by reference to any other information, including a personal identification number. Usage Data Information collected automatically from this Application (or third party services employed in this Application ), which can include: the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the Users who use this Application, the URI addresses (Uniform Resource Identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server’s answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the User, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the Application) and the details about the path followed within the Application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the User’s IT environment. User The individual using this Application, which must coincide with or be authorized by the Data Subject, to whom the Personal Data refer. Data Subject The legal or natural person to whom the Personal Data refers to. Data Processor The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization authorized by the Data Controller to process the Personal Data in compliance with this privacy policy. Data Controller (or Application Owner, or Owner) The natural person, legal person, public administration or any other body, association or organization with the right, also jointly with another Data Controller, to make decisions regarding the purposes, and the methods of processing of Personal Data and the means used, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this Application. The Data Controller, unless otherwise specified, is the Owner of this Application. This Application The hardware or software tool by which the User Personal Data is collected. Cookie Small piece of data stored in the User’s device. Legal information Notice to European Users: this privacy statement has been prepared in fulfillment of the obligations under Art. 10 of EC Directive n. 95/46/EC, and under the provisions of Directive 2002/58/EC, as revised by Directive 2009/136/EC, on the subject of Cookies. This privacy policy is solely about this Application.New York 2 Grand Central Tower140 East 45th Street,41st Floor Innovation LabNew York, NY 10017 Los Angeles 1240 Rosecrans Ave,Suite 120,Manhattan Beach,CA 90266 Dublin 79 Merrion Square SouthDublin 2Ireland Call Us +1 601 978 2212 Say Hello Harness the Power of TV Data to Take Your Advertising into the Future 222 Pacific Coast Highway Floor 24-103 El Segundo, CA 90245 CONNECT WITH TVadSync Click here to sign up for the TVadSync Current newsletter © 2023 TVadSync. All rights reserved. TVadSync, Smart Retarget, Smart Tribe, Smart Reach, Smart Insights and the TVadSync logo are trademarks. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. TVadSync respects your privacy. Please read our Privacy Policy . Website by JET Design Our Offices Los Angeles New York Dublin Copyright © 2023 - TVadSync. All rights reserved.