Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be disabled. You may be able to configure your Internet browser to block strictly necessary cookies. However, if you block cookies in this category, which do not collect or store any personal information, this could affect some parts of the website and cause it to function incorrectly. Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits, identify traffic sources and understand how our services are used to measure and improve performance. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you visited our site and we will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies These cookies improve functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by other third-party providers whose services we add to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all of these additional functions may not work properly. Targeting Cookies Our advertising partners may set these cookies on our site. They can be used to show you our ads on third-party sites, measure the effectiveness of those ads, or prevent ads from being shown to you. They do not store personal information directly, but rather uniquely identify your browser and device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will not receive targeted advertising. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelAdvertising Platform Privacy Policy This policy explains how Magnite, Inc. (“Magnite,” we” or “us”) collects, uses and discloses information about you when you interact with Digital Media Properties (defined below) that use our advertising technology platforms and related services to deliver you ads (collectively, the “ Services”) . Please note:This privacy policy does not govern (i) the collection and use of information about visitors to our website, https://www.magnite.com/ , (ii) information collected in the course of our sales and marketing activities – that information can be found here (iii) The activities of our affiliate SpringServe Inc. — that information can be found here (iv) the collection, use and disclosure of information by our clients through their Digital Media Properties, which is governed by their own privacy policies and practices; or (iv) any activities where we act as a service provider to our clients rather than a data controller. About Us Magnite provides Services that connect buyers of advertising inventory (advertisers) with sellers of advertising inventory (publishers) (in other words, the opportunity to display a buyer’s advertisement on a seller’s Digital Media Property). In this policy, we refer to our buyers and sellers collectively as “ clients ”. For example, advertisers use our technology to buy inventory to display advertising across publishers’ websites and applications on Internet-connected devices and platforms, including mobile devices, computers and internet-connected TVs (which we collectively refer to as “ Digital Media Properties ”). When an advertiser serves an advertisement on a publisher’s Digital Media Property, the advertisement will be displayed to you in connection with the content that you view. For example, if you visit a video-streaming Digital Media Property and click on a video that you want to stream, then an advertisement may appear before the video is shown because the advertiser successfully purchased the opportunity to display an advertisement before that video. Information We Collect When you visit a Digital Media Property that uses our Services, we collect certain information about you and your device (collectively, “ User Information ”). User Information does not include information that directly identifies an individual, such as name, address, phone number, or email address. However that information may be considered “personal data” or “personal information” under applicable privacy or data protection laws. In particular, we collect identifiers such as your IP addresses, cookie identifiers, and device identifiers, and may also assign identifiers to your device based upon these identifiers and other device-related information we collect as described below. These identifiers help us to recognize a particular browser, computer, mobile device, Internet-connected television or other device without knowing the identity of the user of that device. We also collect information about the web page URL or app in which you are viewing content and other data that the Client makes available to us, which helps us, our clients, and our partners (such as third party advertising platforms) select appropriate advertisements to display to you. When you visit Digital Media Properties that use our technology, we collect the following information about you: Usage Information: including information about the domain, topic or name of the property, the date/time of visits, the search terms you enter, visitor activities and actions, viewability data, the video title, video player size, description or category being displayed, click data, types of advertisements viewed Log Information: including information about the type of browser you use, app version, access times, pages viewed, and the page you visited before navigating to the Digital Media Properties Device Information : including information about the computer or mobile device you use, including, device make, device model, device operating system, device operating system version, and data connection type; Location Information: We may derive the approximate location of your device from your IP address (geographic region or state). In accordance with your device permissions, we may also receive information about the precise location of your device but only if our clients pass it to us. Precise location may be deemed as sensitive personal information in some jurisdictions.Please see Additional Information for California Residents below to learn more about how we process sensitive personal information should it be passed to us; Internet service information : including information about which Internet Service Provider (ISP) you use; Deidentified information : We may process certain other deidentified data that enables us to serve you with advertisements, such as encrypted or hashed forms of your email address if our clients pass these to us; Derived information : We may also receive information from third parties at the instruction or for the benefit of our clients that provide user demographics and information with respect to a user’s preferences, patterns, click and video interactions, behaviors or interests, as well as advertisers and advertising platforms that provide information to us in order to match an ad opportunity offered by our clients with the right advertisement. Magnite and our clients may collect and store inferences about user activity using our Services. How We Collect User Information We (and our service providers) use different technologies (collectively “Tracking Technologies”) to collect information, including cookies and other similar technologies to collect information automatically from your device when you visit with a Digital Media Property that uses our technology. Tracking Technologies help to match client’s advertising opportunities with the right advertisements. To do so, we may perform cookie syncing between publisher client cookies, Magnite cookies, third party data provider cookies and/or advertiser client cookies. This cookie synching process allows the parties to map their respective cookie information (for example, if publisher A sets a cookie on a user’s device with an ID 12345 and advertiser B sets a cookie on the same user’s device with an ID 67890, cookie synching would enable publisher A and advertiser B to recognize that ID 12345 and ID 67890 relate to the same user’s device). In the case of advertisers, the cookie sync may influence its decision to bid on advertising opportunities, because it may recognize that the cookie ID sent to it as an opportunity to bid on relates to a user they already know (perhaps because they already targeted advertising to the user when they previously visited a Digital Media Properties in the past). We also use Tracking Technologies for frequency capping, i.e., to ensure that the same user is not served the same advertisement repeatedly, to assist with the delivery of ads, provide reporting to our Clients, and to understand and measure the user’s interactions with ads and their effectiveness. Please review our Platform Cookie Statement for more information. Services provided by others: We also work with third-party for analytics and advertising services that separately collect and use User Information to enable our Clients and their customers to deliver targeted advertisements using our advertising technology. As an example, we work with third-party advertising companies that use information about your visits to various websites or applications across multiple devices in order to provide you with content and ads of interest across devices that they think are associated with you or your household, including web browsers, mobile apps, and internet-connected televisions. We, and our advertiser clients may use this third-party data in combination with the User Information we collect to deliver you targeted ads across multiple devices or our publisher clients may use this third-party data in combination with the User Information we collect to offer groupings of audiences, commonly known as audience segments, on the Digital Media Properties as advertising opportunities. Use of User Information We and our clients use User Information in order to inform their decisions regarding buying and selling advertising space on Digital Media Properties. In particular, we and our clients use information we collect, in conjunction with other information they have independently collected or received from third-party advertising platforms, to deliver end users targeted advertising that our clients believe will be of particular interest to those users. This processing may constitute “targeted advertising” under some laws and the “sale” or “sharing” of personal information under other laws. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work .We also use the User Information we collect for the following purposes: To enable our clients to offer and buy advertising opportunities on Digital Media Properties;To operate and improve our technology;To compile statistics and conduct research and development for our internal business purposes;To prepare reports of visitor activity;To enable standard advertising controls;To analyze and report on ad performance (such as tracking views of ad, ad fill rates, as well as click-through rates on ads), campaign reporting, and campaign forecasting; To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.To deliver end users targeted advertising;To create profiles of end users for targeted advertising;To create audience segments as advertising opportunities Disclosure of User Information We disclose User Information that we collect as follows: Clients : We disclose User Information with our advertiser clients to help them identify and buy advertising on publishers’ Digital Media Properties. Advertisers may use this information in conjunction with other information they have independently collected to provide you targeted advertising and to help them evaluate whether a particular ad campaign may be of interest to you. Magnite Affiliates: We disclose User Information with other companies in the Magnite group of companies to use for any of the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. Business Transfers : We may disclose User Information in connection with an actual or proposed sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets, corporate merger, consolidation, or bankruptcy. Vital interest, legal rights and compliance with laws . We may disclose User Information with law enforcement, regulatory authorities, courts with competent jurisdictions, emergency services or other necessary third parties for legal, protection, security, and safety purposes, including: to comply with laws or regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests and legal process;to protect the rights and property of Magnite, our affiliates, agents, customers, and others, including enforcing our agreements, policies, and terms of use and protecting our network and physical assets; and/orto protect the safety of our employees and agents, our customers, or any person. Vendors, and other service providers : We may disclose User Information with our vendors, and service providers who perform functions on our or our clients’ behalf and require access to such information to provide us with services or do work for us. Examples include: analyzing data, reporting, fraud prevention, hosting or providing data, auditing, engaging technical support for our technology platform, and performing analysis related to our technology platform and related services. Partners : We may disclose User Information with partners, including third party advertising platforms. These partners use the information we provide to provide services to us and our clients, and may use the data for their own purposes. Information Our Clients and Vendors Collect Our clients, our vendors, and our clients’ vendors who use our technology may use their own tags, pixels, cookies, or other similar technology (or those of their other affiliates) within advertisements and on certain Digital Media Properties. We are not responsible for our clients’, vendors’ and/or our clients’ vendors’ use of such tracking technologies or for their privacy practices. Platform Cookie Statement To learn more about how we use Cookies and similar technologies please visit our Platform Cookie Statement here . Your Privacy Rights and Choices Opt-Out Depending upon where you live, certain activities described in the “ Use of User Information ” and “ Disclosure of User Information ” sections above may constitute “sharing” “selling” or processing of User Information for purposes of “targeted advertising” as such terms are defined under certain privacy laws. You may opt out of these activities, as well as certain processing of sensitive personal information we may undertake by following the instructions in our User Choice Portal . Access, Correction, Deletion In addition, depending on where you reside and other legal limitations, you may have the right to (1) request to know more about and access the categories and specific pieces of personal information we collect, use, and disclose, (2) request deletion or restriction of your personal information, (3) request correction of inaccurate personal information, (4) obtain your User Information in a portable format. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please see our User Choice Portal for instructions on how to do so. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights. Note that when you exercise your rights, we may ask for additional information to verify your request. If we deny your request, you may have the right to appeal our decision.If you have concerns about the results of an appeal, you may contact the attorney general in the state where you reside. Information Retention We store the User Information we collect for as long as is necessary for the purpose(s) for which we originally collected it, or for other legitimate business purposes, including to meet our legal, regulatory, or other compliance obligations. We typically store the User Information we collect from your device, such as IP address and other information described above, in our systems for up to 90 days before we anonymize and aggregate that data into summary reports. Security We use industry-standard technical and organizational security measures to help protect information transmitted over or stored on our systems. Please note, however, that no transmission or storage of information can ever be guaranteed to be completely secure, though we do take all reasonable precautions to protect against security incidents. Additional Information for California Residents If you are a resident of California, please review the additional privacy disclosures in this section, which apply where we collect and disclose information as a “business” under California law. These disclosures do not apply to the extent we act as a service provider to our clients. In such cases, you must visit the privacy policies of our clients to understand how data is processed about you and to exercise your rights. Information About Our Data Processing California law requires us to disclose the categories of personal information we collect and how we use them, the categories of sources from which we collect personal information, and the third parties to which we disclose personal information. We collect personal information from the sources described in the “ Information we Collect ” section above. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information to the following categories of recipients for the stated purposes: Pseudonymous Identifiers Seller and Advertiser clients, other companies in the Magnite Inc group of companies, data analysis partners, fraud prevention partners, cloud-based service providers • To enable our clients to offer and buy, and to display advertising opportunities on Digital Media Properties;• To operate and improve our technology; To compile statistics and conduct research and development for our internal business purposes•To enable standard advertising controls;• To analyze and report on ad performance (such as tracking views of ad, ad fill rates, as well as click-through rates on ads), campaign reporting, and campaign forecasting;• To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.• To deliver end users targeted advertising; • To create profiles & audience segments of end users for advertising Log and Usage information Seller and Advertiser clients, other companies in the Magnite group of companies, data analysis partners, fraud prevention partners, cloud-based service providers • To enable our clients to offer and buy, and to display advertising opportunities on Digital Media Properties;• To operate and improve our technology; To compile statistics and conduct research and development for our internal business purposes•To enable standard advertising controls;• To analyze and report on ad performance (such as tracking views of ad, ad fill rates, as well as click-through rates on ads), campaign reporting, and campaign forecasting;• To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.• To deliver end users targeted advertising; • To create profiles & audience segments of end users for advertising Geolocation data Advertiser clients, other companies in the Magnite group of companies, data analysis partners, fraud prevention partners, internet service providers, cloud-based service providers • To enable our clients to offer and buy, and to display advertising opportunities on Digital Media Properties;• To operate and improve our technology; To compile statistics and conduct research and development for our internal business purposes•To enable standard advertising controls;• To analyze and report on ad performance (such as tracking views of ad, ad fill rates, as well as click-through rates on ads), campaign reporting, and campaign forecasting;• To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.User behavior data, derived information Clients, other companies in the Magnite group of companies, data analysis partners, fraud prevention partners, cloud-based service providers • To enable our clients to offer and buy, and to display advertising opportunities on Digital Media Properties;• To operate and improve our technology; To compile statistics and conduct research and development for our internal business purposes• To analyze and report on ad performance (such as tracking views of ad, ad fill rates, as well as click-through rates on ads), campaign reporting, and campaign forecasting;• To protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.• To deliver end users targeted advertising; • To create profiles & audience segments of end users for advertising Precise Location Information Precise location information is only processed by Magnite should our clients provide it to us, and if the end user’s device settings permit. Should Magnite get passed this information, it is made available to Advertiser Clients. To enable Advertisers to deliver end users targeted advertising; Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information & Limit Use of Sensitive Information Magnite’s disclosure of User Information, may sometimes constitute a “sale” or “sharing” under California law or the use of sensitive information for purposes that require offering consumers the ability to limit our use of such information, and our clients may use our technology for these purposes as well. You may opt out of the “sale”, and “sharing”, of your personal information as well as the use of sensitive information for advertising purposes by following the instructions in our User Choice Portal . Note that because these opt outs are specific to the device or browser on which they are exercised, you will need to opt out on each browser and device. Your Rights Under California law, you have the right to access, correct, and request deletion of your data. To exercise these rights, please see the Your Privacy Rights & Choices section above. Annual Request Statistics During the period January 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, we received the following number of requests from individuals: Requests to know from individuals in the United States: 20 requests. We processed the requests within a medium timeframe of 5 days; however, these requests were denied because we were unable to verify the identity of the individual making the request. Requests to delete from individuals globally: 16 requests, and we processed these requests within a medium timeframe of 5 days; however, these requests were denied as we did not have any information relating to the individual’s information making the request. Requests to opt out from individuals, globally: we do honor users’ requests to opt out of interest-based advertising and any potential sales of personal information, as explained in this Policy. We received 3,696,809 requests to opt out, and these requests were completed in approximately real time. Additional Information for EEA, UK, and Switzerland End Users If you are an end user located in the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, please read these additional disclosures below. Your Rights You have the right to access, correct, and request deletion of your personal data and to object to certain processing, including profiling. You also have the right to receive personal data concerning yourself in a machine readable format. If you would like to exercise your rights, please see our User Choice Portal here . Legal Basis for Processing Our legal basis for collecting and using the User Information described above will depend on the User Information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. In all situations where you have been specifically asked by our partners or by us for your consent prior to processing, we may rely on that consent until you withdraw it. If we rely on consent to collect and/or process your User Information, we will obtain such consent in accordance with applicable law. In some cases, we need to process your User Information because we have a legal obligation to do so. You can withdraw your consent and opt-out from the use of your data for advertising purposes, and opt out of the further processing of your data in our User Choice Portal . In some cases we may need to process your User Information because we are required to do so by law. In all other cases we may rely on our legitimate interests to collect User Information from you, except where such interests are overridden by your data-protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your User Information, they include the interests described in the section headed “ How We Use User Information .” To note, Magnite participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its specifications and policies.Magnite’s identification number(s) within the framework is 52 (DV+), 102 (Magnite Streaming), 202 (Magnite Outstream) and 493 (Magnite Carbon AI). If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your User Information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “ Contact Us ” heading below. Right to Lodge a Complaint You have the right to lodge a complaint about our processing of personal data with a European Data Protection Authority. For contact details of EU data protection authorities, please see here: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/about-edpb/members_en . The Swiss data protection authority can be contacted at https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home/the-fdpic/contact/address.html . The UK data protection authority can be contacted at https://ico.org.uk Data Transfers and Privacy Shield Magnite is a global company headquartered in the United States, with offices and data centers around the world (including in Australia, Brazil, Canada, the European Union, Japan, Singapore and the United Kingdom). If you access any of the Digital Media Properties, your data may be transferred to, stored and processed by us in any of these countries, and by those third parties with whom we may share your User Information (as described in this policy) in the countries in which they operate. These countries may not provide a level of data protection for User Information that is equivalent to the data protection laws in your country. We will however implement appropriate safeguards where Magnite group of companies, or any third parties with whom we share data, receive User Information originating from the EEA, Switzerland or the UK in accordance with applicable data protection legislation. With respect to its DV+ Platform, Magnite, Inc. and its US subsidiary, Magnite Hopper, Inc. commit to comply with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Frameworks as set forth by the US Department of Commerce with respect to personal information concerning individuals from the EEA, the UK and Switzerland. Please see our Privacy Shield Notice to learn more. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Privacy Policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. We no longer rely on the Privacy Shield frameworks as our lawful mechanism to transfer data that originated in the EEA, the UK or Switzerland to the United States. If you would like to learn more about the safeguards we put in place for international transfers, please contact us using the contact details further below. Changes to this Policy We may update this policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you of any material changes by posting the revised policy on this website, and where necessary, by any other means required by applicable law. Contact Us For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact Magnite’s Privacy Team by e-mail at privacy@magnite.com or by post using the details provided below: 1250 Broadway, 15th Floor, New York, New York 10001 You can also contact Magnite’s Data Protection Officer at dpo@magnite.com . If you are based in the EU you can contact our EU Representative: Magnite@lionheartsquared.eu Lionheart Squared (Europe) Ltd (FAO – Magnite),2 Pembroke House, Upper Pembroke Street 28-32,Dublin, DO2 EK84, Republic of Ireland. Legal Copyright 2023 Magnite, Inc. All rights reserved Your Privacy Choices Privacy Policies Login Resources Company Follow Us Our Offices BelfastBerlinBostonBozemanDenverLondonLos AngelesMelbourneMilanNew JerseyNew YorkNew ZealandParisSan FranciscoSão PauloSeattleSingaporeSwedenSydneyTokyoToronto Copyright 2023 Magnite, Inc. All rights reserved This site uses cookies to store information on your computer. Some are essential to make our site work; others help us improve the site. By continuing to use this site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. Read our website privacy policy and cookie statement to learn more.Privacy Notice Effective Date: June 29, 2023 Demandbase, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, “Demandbase”, “we”, “us” or “our”) respects the privacy of individuals. This Privacy Notice explains how we collect, use, disclose and protect personal information and how you can manage the personal information collected about you. This Privacy Notice applies to any website, virtual or physical event, or online service from, or other interaction with, Demandbase and its subsidiaries (Demandbase, Ltd., DemandMatrix LLC., DemandPrediction India Pvt Ltd., Engagio, Inc., InsideView Technologies, Inc. and Demandbase India Private Limited) and via the services we provide to our customers. As used in this Privacy Notice, “personal information” means information about an identified or identifiable natural person. Most of the sections in this Privacy Notice apply to everyone. There are sections below that only apply to certain individuals who are located in or residents of certain jurisdictions as described in those sections. Depending on the circumstances, Demandbase will use different legal bases to process personal information. In some circumstances, Demandbase processes personal information when required to do so by law, or if necessary to protect your interests, our interests, or the interests of a third party. Demandbase may also process data when it is in Demandbase’s legitimate interests, provided that such interests are not overridden by the fundamental rights and freedoms of individuals. A few examples of these legitimate interests may be to provide its services to customers, operate its business, conduct direct marketing and maintain security. This Privacy Notice does NOT apply to the websites or services offered by Demandbase’s customers, partners, publishers who display ads or to any other third parties. Personal Information We Collect from You You may provide your name, contact details, information about your job (like your title or the name of your employer), content you post in our community forums or over social media, and other personal information directly to Demandbase when you interact with us or our services. We also may collect personal information about you through your device or browser while you are using or visiting our sites or services or when you engage or interact with us, such as by opening an email. This personal information may include your IP address, device identifier, geographic location, or usage information such as authentication, analytics, and other information that allows us to provide you with a more personalized experience. Please see the section on Cookies and Tracking below for more details. Personal Information We Receive from Other Sources In addition to personal information we collect from you, we may receive personal information about you from other sources and through our own research. We may receive your personal information from Demandbase customers or subscribers/users. We may also receive your personal information from third party partners, email campaigns and marketing partners. Such third party data may include company information, demographic information, employment history and salary information, and professional/business contact details. We collect personal information from a variety of publicly available and other sources, including: company websitescompany blogsnon-confidential corporate records or reports (for example, government filings and commercial registers)government publicationspress releasesnews articlesmagazinessocial media sitesthe digital advertising bidstreamour customersdata brokersother content published by or on behalf of a company by third parties. From these sources we obtain many categories of personal information related to where and how individuals do business. We do not intentionally collect sensitive personal information like health information, biometric data or credit card information from third parties. We may also generate or receive predictive data or inferences about business users such as account characteristics, interests or business buying behavior. How We Use Personal Information Demandbase uses personal information in the following ways: For providing and improving our services. We use personal information to operate, improve and personalize our business and services. This use includes collecting data through integrations with customer relationship management (CRM), email or other systems, troubleshooting or improving our services, making inferences, and deriving insights, trends, use, and analytics, whether actual or predicted, from personal information collected.We use personal information to augment, create, validate, enrich or enhance existing data sets. We may work with third parties to receive data or insights and combine that information with the data and insights we already have. Advertising and marketing for Demandbase and our customers. We use personal information for advertising and marketing, such as analyzing and predicting business buying behavior or business interests and delivering interest-based advertising and content to your device, such as ads, widgets, or website content tailored to you on behalf of advertisers, across websites and devices, and over time. We use personal information to communicate with you about offers, events, services or products by us and partners and to track engagement with messaging. We may combine the personal information we have with third party data, including data that may directly or indirectly identify you, for improving the personalization of ads. As required by applicable law, legal process or regulation. We may use all personal information we collect or receive as required under contract, law, legal or financial processes like audits and to protect Demandbase’s legal and contractual rights. To provide reporting and analytics. We may use personal information to create reports (such as performance analytics, statistics, metrics and other details) for our company and for Demandbase customers on the companies that visit our or their websites as well as actual or predicted interests for those visitors. We may also use personal information to measure and report on engagement with current and prospective customers, by measuring which communications are received or viewed through which channels. We may also use personal information to carry out actions requested by our customers, such as combining data with additional data in our possession or provided by customers or using data to retarget specific companies’ users with personalized advertising. For running our business. We use personal information for billing, account management, invoicing, maintaining security and privacy, as well as other legitimate business interests. Demandbase’s use of information received and transferred via Google APIs adheres to Google API Services User Data Policy, including the Limited Use requirements documented at: https://developers.google.com/terms/api-services-user-data-policy#additional_requirements_for_specific_api_scopes . If your account on the Demandbase ABM Platform is managed by an administrator, that account administrator may have control with regards to how your account information is retained and deleted. Administrators are able to request the deactivation of an account made for you through your company. Cookies and Tracking Demandbase and our analytics/service providers use tracking pixels, tags, web beacons and cookies to collect information. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering sites and services, tracking users’ online movements and to gather demographic information about our user base. Our sites and services may include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and hosted apps that launch the social media sites. These features may collect your IP address, other device identifiers and which page you are visiting on our site and may set a cookie in order to enable the feature to function properly. Your interactions with social media features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. You can manage Cookies settings for this site here. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. For example, you may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page . Please note that disabling cookies may affect your ability to use certain parts of our website or services. We may use third party marketing cookies to help deliver ads relevant to your interests. These include: Facebook – you can learn more about Facebook cookies and how you can control them at https://www.facebook.com/policies/cookies/ .Google/Youtube – You can learn more about Google cookies and how you can control them at https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies .Hubspot – You can learn more about Hubspot cookies and how you can control them at https://legal.hubspot.com/cookie-policy . Disabling cookies does not mean you will not receive ads, it only means that ads may be less tailored to your organization’s interests. For more details, refer to the Demandbase Cookie Policy . Some browsers have incorporated “Do Not Track” (DNT) features. Demandbase does not respond to DNT signals. How We Share Personal Information We may share personal information with third parties as described below: Sharing with customers and partners.We share personal information with our customers and partners in order to provide services to our customers. Demandbase customers and other third parties may combine the personal information we share with additional data they have for their own marketing and sales purposes. Sharing to improve ad personalization. We share personal information to create targeting segments to enable organizations to better personalize advertising. Sharing for business purposes . We share personal information for our legitimate business needs. For example, we share information with third party vendors (such as marketing, billing or service providers), consultants, and other service providers who work on our behalf and need access to personal information to perform their work for us. Sharing for security. We may share personal information for security, fraud prevention, law and policy enforcement purposes, or enforcing our policies and terms, protecting rights, property and safety of individuals or other third parties. Sharing for marketing. Any information you volunteer for marketing purposes or otherwise, may be shared with the other third party(ies) or partner(s) mentioned when you provide such information. Disclosures required by law. In certain situations, we may be requested or required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Demandbase will disclose personal information where required to do so. Transfer to acquirer or successor entity. If Demandbase sells a substantial portion of its assets or is acquired, reorganized, merged into another entity, goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, it is likely that personal information will be one of the business assets transferred in connection with such activity. Sharing with your consent. We may share your personal information for any other purpose with your consent. If you have consented to a specific use of your personal information, you may revoke your consent for future use of your personal information for that purpose by contacting us through this form . Demandbase participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Demandbase’s identification number within the framework is 397. Demandbase processes personal data for ensuring security, preventing and detecting fraud, fixing errors and delivering and presenting advertising content on the basis of its legitimate interests. Demandbase has conducted a legitimate interest assessment and determined that the fundamental rights and freedoms of data subjects do not override the legitimate interests of maintaining security, preventing and detecting fraud, fixing errors and delivering and presenting advertising content. How We Protect Personal Information Demandbase takes reasonable and appropriate technical and organizational measures designed to protect and secure personal information and prevent its loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not always secure. Although we do our best to protect information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. Please review our Security Policy for additional details about how we protect personal information. How Long We Keep Personal Information Demandbase retains personal information for as long as necessary to provide its products and services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. Where We Process Personal Information Demandbase is a global business and may transfer, store, or process your personal information in a country outside your jurisdiction, including the United States or any country in which Demandbase and its agents and service providers have personnel or facilities. The United States and other countries may not have data protection laws that are as comprehensive or protective as those in your country; however, our collection, storage and use of your personal information will at all times be in accordance with this Privacy Notice. When Demandbase transfers personal information from the European Economic Area (“EEA”), Switzerland or the United Kingdom (“UK”) to another country, we implement an appropriate data transfer mechanism, like entering into standard contractual clauses approved by European data protection regulators, or take other measures to provide an adequate level of protection under EEA, Swiss or UK law.Your Rights For Everyone To exercise your privacy rights, please use this form . We will verify your identity when needed to comply with your request, which may include reviewing government identification, and may be unable to proceed with your request if we are not able to verify your identity. You have the right to request that we correct or otherwise amend your personal information. If you use Demandbase services, you may be able to correct your own personal information. If we process your personal information on behalf of one of our customers, we may ask that you work with the customer to amend your personal information. We may ask for adequate proof of the amended personal information before we make a requested change. When you participate in a call or online meeting that is being recorded, you have the right to request that we not record that call or meeting. Please make those requests to the call organizer before or during the call. During webinars or other events that must be recorded, please do not share personal information that you do not want other attendees to view in the chats, Q&A or similar features. When serving interest-based advertising to you, Demandbase includes the AdChoices icon from Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”) and Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (“DAAC”) within such ads. This icon generally appears as in one of the corners of the ad and may be accompanied by text such as “AdChoices.” You can click on the icon to learn more about the ad and to opt-out of receiving ads from Demandbase in the future. Demandbase adheres to the DAA’s Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and the DAAC’s Canadian Self-Regulatory Principles for Interest-Based Advertising . To learn more about the DAA or DAAC and the AdChoices Icon, and to opt-out of interest-based advertising delivered by other participating companies, please visit the DAA webchoices page or the DAAC webchoices page . The DAA/DAAC opt-out requires the ability to set an opt-out cookie in your browser. Your opt-out choices only apply to the particular browser and device from which you have opted-out, and only to the applicable advertising channel. For example, you may still receive interest-based advertising in-app or email marketing if you opt-out via web browser cookies or otherwise not via cookies. Please note that if you delete, block or otherwise restrict cookies or change your cookie preferences, or if you use a different computer or Internet browser, you may need to renew your opt-out choice. If we send direct marketing emails to you, we will rely on the legitimate interests basis of processing and include an “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of all of our emails to allow you to object to our use of your personal information for direct marketing. Click the link to unsubscribe and Demandbase will remove you from future emails within a reasonable amount of time. California If you are a California resident If you are a California resident, the rights described in the “For Everyone” section above apply, and you may exercise these additional rights or designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. Once per calendar year, you may request that we disclose to you what “Personal Information” as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (referred to in a consolidated way as “CPRA”) we collect, use, disclose and sell, and the specific Personal Information we have collected about you in the prior 12 months. You have the right to request to know more details about the categories or specific pieces of Personal Information we collect (including how we use and disclose this Personal Information), to delete your Personal Information, to opt out of any “sales” (as defined in the CPRA) that may be occurring, and to not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. To exercise these rights please use this form or call 1-888-914-9661 and use Demandbase PIN 239540. Demandbase will not sell (as such term is defined in the CPRA) the Personal Information we collect under the CPRA without providing a right to opt out. Please note that we use cookies for advertising and analytics purposes as further described in our Cookie Policy .California Privacy Rights Metrics For the period between 08 February 2022 and 31 December 2022: Number of CA requests to know: Received: 9Complied with in whole or in part: 7Denied due to lack of verification: 2Mean number of days within which we substantively responded: 5 Number of CA requests to delete: Received: 18Complied with in whole or in part: 17Denied due to lack of verification: 1Mean number of days within which we substantively responded: 5 Number of CA requests to opt out of sale: Received: 12Complied with in whole or in part: 11Denied due to lack of verification: 1Mean number of days within which we substantively responded: 5 Europe If you are in Europe These rights apply, in addition to the rights described in the “For Everyone” section above, if you are located in the EEA, Switzerland or the UK. If you are located in another country in Europe this section does not apply and your rights are described in the “For Everyone” section above. Subject to the exemptions under law, you may have the right to request access or delete your personal information. Under certain circumstances, you have the right to receive personal information that we process about you and transmit that information to another organization, i.e. , a right to data portability. You may also request that we restrict or block future processing of your personal information. Where we previously obtained your consent in order to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw that consent. If you would like to exercise any of your privacy rights, please use this form . We will validate these requests and carry out valid requests. If the request is not deemed valid, then we will share the reasons why it is not valid and your options for seeking resolution through a supervisory authority and through judicial remedy. You have the right to lodge a complaint against us. To do so, contact the data protection authority in the country where you are located. Personal Information of Children Demandbase does not direct Demandbase sites or services to children under age 16. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 16. If you believe that we may have collected personal information from someone under 16 without required consent, please contact us at privacy@demandbase.com Contact Us If you would like to exercise your privacy rights, please use this form . If you have questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Notice you may write to us at: Demandbase, Inc. Attn: Privacy 680 Folsom Street Suite 400 San Francisco, CA 94107 USA privacy@demandbase.com If you raise a concern regarding your personal information, we will take reasonable steps to investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints or disputes. To contact our Data Protection Officer, please email dpo@demandbase.com Demandbase has appointed an EU Representative to act on our behalf and serve as a direct contact for supervisory authorities and individuals in the European Union. If you are in the EU or EEA and would like to contact our EU Representative, please email: GDPRrepresentative@demandbase.com Changes to this Notice When we change this Privacy Notice, the updated terms will be available on this page and effective as of the date posted. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Past versions of the policy will be archived and available here We have updated our Privacy Notice. Please click here for details. Cookie Settings About Cookies On This Site We use cookies and other technologies to tailor your experience, understand how visitors use our site, and identify marketing leads. By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device for those purposes. For more information, see our Cookie Policy Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored Privacy Preference Center User ID: Timestamp: Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are essential for our website and services to perform basic functions and are necessary for us to operate certain features. These include those required to allow registered users to authenticate and perform account-related functions, store preferences set by users such as account name, language, and location, and ensure our services are operating properly. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but consequently some parts of the website may not work. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to optimize performance by collecting information on how users interact with our website, including which pages are visited most, as well as other analytical data. We use these details to improve how our website functions and to understand how users interact with it. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our website, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies are set by us and our advertising partners to provide you with relevant content and to understand the content’s effectiveness. They may be used to collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites to predict your preferences and to display more relevant advertisements to you. These cookies also allow a profile to be built about you and your interests and enable personalized ads to be shown to you based on your profile. If you do not allow these cookies, you will continue to receive advertising, but that advertising may be less tailored to your organization’s interests. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label View CookiesPrivacy Privacy Statement Effective January 1, 2023 This Privacy Statement applies to Notified and its affiliates (“Notified” “we” “us” “our”) unless the affiliate has a separately posted privacy statement. Notified values the privacy of our customers, users, and any individual who accesses or uses the Notified websites, products, and services (collectively, the “Services”). Your privacy is an important factor Notified considers in the development of each of our products and services. This Privacy Statement explains generally how we receive Personal Information about you, and what we do with that Personal Information once we have it. As Notified is a global provider, the provision of the Services to users may require Personal Information to be shared with other Notified companies around the world. All Notified companies are bound by privacy statements, confidentiality and data transfer agreements as appropriate. What do we mean by “Personal Information”? For us, “Personal Information” means information or data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual. “Sensitive Personal Information” is a subset of Personal Information and is data about children, financial information, health information (including PHI as defined by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act), Social Security or other national identification number, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, trade union membership, sex life, criminal convictions, and precise geolocation data. What type of Personal Information is collected? We may collect data, including Personal Information, about you as you use our websites, services and interact with us. This information may include name, address, email address, IP address, phone number, usage information, login information (user name, password), marketing preferences, or payment card number. If we link other data with your Personal Information, we will treat that linked data as Personal Information. We also collect Personal Information from trusted third-party sources and engage third parties to collect Personal Information to assist us. Please understand, in addition to collecting Personal Information, Notified may also gather information that does not personally identify you regarding your use of the Notified website (“Anonymous Information”). We may use the Anonymous Information we collect regarding your use of this website to measure the effectiveness of our marketing efforts, for improving the Services we offer to you, or to improve the Notified website. Generally, you will not be aware when we collect such Anonymous Information. It may be collected in various ways, such as through traffic data or direct surveys of our customers and may entail the use of, among other things, cookies, IP addresses, or other numeric codes used to identify the computer or other device used to access the Notified website. How do we receive Personal Information about you? We learn Personal Information about you when: you give it to us directly (e.g., when you choose to contact us, or register on the Notified website);we collect it automatically through our products and services (e.g., your use of Notified services);someone else tells us Personal Information about you (e.g., our client provides us your Personal Information in order for us to perform services for them); orwhen we try to understand more about you based on Personal Information you’ve given to us (e.g., when we use your IP address to customize language for some of our services). By providing your Personal Information, you opt-in and consent to its collection, use, disclosure, sharing, and transfer as described in this Privacy Statement. What do we do with your Personal Information once we have it? Notified does NOT sell your personal information. When you give us Personal Information, we will use it in the ways for which you’ve given us permission, or ways in which our clients who provided us the Personal Information instruct. Generally, we use your Personal Information to help us provide and improve our products and services for you and our clients with which you have a business relationship. We may also use the Personal Information you provide to contact you regarding additional or new services and features offered by Notified, or important information regarding Notified. We may use the Personal Information to enforce our agreements with you, prevent fraud and other prohibited or illegal activities, for other legally permissible purposes and generally to ensure that we comply with applicable laws and prevent or detect use or abuse of our services. Important Notice Regarding Webcasting and Event Services Notified processes Personal Information as part of delivering the above noted services on behalf of its customers. The customer is the data controller of the information.For these services, Notified only collects Personal Information necessary to fulfill our contractual obligations with the customer. We may collect contact data such as name, e-mail address and company details you provide us during the registration process and during your use of the services. We may also collect product usage data, such as the date on which you viewed a webcast, the duration of your viewing and the part of the webcast you viewed. Notified may also use your Personal Information to create anonymous data records or aggregations of data, to perform statistical analyses and for other purposes, by omitting or removing information that makes the data personally identifiable to you. If you have provided Personal Information to our customer, their respective privacy statement will also apply to the processing of your data. You should familiarize yourself with their statement. How long will we retain Personal Information? We will retain your Personal Information only as long as needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as required by law. Your information will be deleted, anonymized or pseudonymized once it is no longer needed to comply with our business requirements, legal obligations, resolve disputes, protect our assets, or enforce our agreements. When do we share your Personal Information with others? We will/may share your Personal Information with others: When we have asked and received your permission to share it.When we’re required to provide it to our client from whom we received your Personal Information, or with whom you have a business relationship.For processing or providing products and services to you, but only if those entities receiving your Personal Information are contractually obligated to handle the data in ways approved by Notified. We may use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, marketing and development). To provide aggregate Personal Information to our business partners to make our products and services better, but when we do so, we will de-identify your Personal Information and try to disclose it in a way that minimizes the risk of you being re-identified.To provide your Personal Information to business partners in case you purchase services of third parties from Notified (“Third Party Services”). Third Party Services are not directly controlled operated or maintained by Notified and Notified’s Privacy Statement does not apply to such Third Party Services. For any Third Party Services you purchase from Notified, we recommend you consult the respective privacy statements of the Third Party Services providers to determine how they will handle your Personal Information. To follow the law whenever we receive requests about you from a government entity, or related to a lawsuit. We’ll notify you or our client from whom we received your Personal Information when we’re asked to hand over your Personal Information in this way unless we’re legally prohibited from doing so. When we receive requests like this, we’ll only release your Personal Information if we have a good faith belief the law requires us to do so. Nothing in this Statement is intended to limit any legal defenses or objections you may have to a third party’s request to disclose your Personal Information. If we have a good faith belief it is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of you, our other users, Notified or the public.If our organizational structure or status changes (e.g., if we undergo a restructuring, are acquired, or go bankrupt), we may pass your Personal Information to a successor or affiliate. How do we protect your Personal Information? We are committed to protecting your Personal Information once we have it. We implement industry standard physical, administrative and technical security measures. If, despite these efforts, we learn of a security breach involving your Personal Information, when required by law or contractual obligations, we’ll notify you or our client so appropriate protective steps can be taken. Notified is not responsible for unauthorized access to such Personal Information by hackers or others that obtain access through illegal measures in the absence of negligence on the part of Notified. You may have access to other sites through the Notified websites. These sites may have different security practices and you should familiarize yourself with those practices. How can you protect your Personal Information? Electronic communication (e.g., email, online chat or instant messaging, etc.) you send to us may not be secure unless we advise you in advance security measures will be in place prior to you transmitting the information. For this reason, we ask you do not send Personal Information such as financial information, health information, social security numbers or passwords to us through unsecured electronic communication.Users should also take care with how they handle and disclose their Personal Information. Please refer to the Federal Trade Commission’s Web site at http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/menus/consumer/data.shtm for information about how to protect yourself against identity theft. The Notified website may contain hyperlinks that can take you to websites run by third parties (“Third-Party Websites”). Any hypertext or other links to Third-Party Websites from the Notified website are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave the Notified website. Notified has not reviewed all of these Third-Party Websites and does not control and is not responsible for any of these websites or their content or practices. Thus, Notified does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software, or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the Third-Party Websites linked to the Notified website, you do this entirely at your own risk. Remember, this Privacy Statement only applies to Notified. When you are no longer on a Notified website, you may encounter different privacy and security practices and you should familiarize yourself with those practices each time you visit a new website. Please be aware any information you choose to share on any publicly available portion of the Services or with third parties, including without limitation your personal page, chat messages, forum posts, blogs, resumes, job applications, business cards, or any other information you provide may be collected and used by third parties or other attendees without restriction. How do you handle information subject to the California Consumer Privacy Act? Notified complies with all applicable privacy laws including the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). We may collect data, including Personal Information, about you as you use our websites, services and interact with us. This information may include name, address, email address, IP address, phone number, login information (user name, password), marketing preferences, or payment card number. If we link other data with your Personal Information, we will treat that linked data as Personal Information. We also collect Personal Information from trusted third-party sources and engage third parties to collect Personal Information to assist us. This information will only be used to provide services or information which you have requested. Notified does not sell your Personal Information. We will retain your Personal Information only as long as needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected or as required by law. Your information will be deleted, anonymized or pseudonymized once it is no longer needed to comply with our business requirements, legal obligations, resolve disputes, protect our assets, or enforce our agreements. Please see Cookies section below to understand how we use cookies. Notified will not discriminate in any way against you for exercising any of your rights under the CCPA or any other applicable privacy law. This includes, but is not limited to denying goods or services, change in pricing, or lower quality goods or services. Please see “What choices do you have regarding your personal information?” and “How to Contact Us” sections below for how to exercise your rights under the CCPA and other applicable privacy laws. What about cookies and other tracking technology? A cookie is a small file, typically of letters and numbers, downloaded onto a device when the user accesses certain websites. Cookies can make the web more useful by storing information about your preferences for a particular website or a service. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user’s computer. Cookies are typically classified as either session Cookies or persistent Cookies depending on whether they expire at the end of a browser session (from when a user opens the browser window to when they exit the browser) or they can be stored for longer. Session Cookies – allow websites to link the actions of a user during a browser session. They may be used for a variety of purposes such as remembering what a user has put in their shopping basket as they browse around a site. They could also be used for security when a user is accessing internet banking or to facilitate use of webmail. These session Cookies expire after a browser session, so would not be stored longer term. For this reason, session Cookies may sometimes be considered less privacy intrusive than persistent Cookies. Persistent Cookies – are stored on a user’s device in between browser sessions which allows the preferences or actions of the user across a site (or in some cases across different websites) to be remembered.Persistent Cookies may be used for a variety of purposes including remembering users’ preferences and choices when using a site or to target advertising. Notified uses cookies or other similar tracking technologies to provide you with better Services. Most browsers are initially set to accept Cookies. You may configure your browser to accept all Cookies, reject all Cookies, or notify you when a Cookie is set. You can manage your own Cookies preferences by using your browser settings: each browser is different, so check the “Help” menu of your browser to learn how to change your Cookie preferences or delete them. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse Cookies. You block Cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of all or some Cookies. Please note you may browse some Notified websites without accepting Cookies from Notified; however, you may not be able to take full advantage of the functionality of the website or the Services if you do so. Other Services, particularly those which require a login and password, require Cookies and cannot be used when you have disabled Cookies in your browser. For more general information, you can visit www.allaboutcookies.org . How do you handle my “Do Not Track” browser settings? Notified does not track the non-Notified website activity of any internet user with Do Not Track browser settings engaged. Does Notified use any other tracking technology? Notified employs a software technology called transparent images to help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. We use extremely small, transparent images with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, used to track the online movements of Web users. The main difference between the two is transparent images are invisible on the page and are very small, about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. In some instances, transparent images are tied to users’ personally identifiable information. In particular, we use transparent images in our HTML-based e-mails to let us know which e-mails have been opened by the recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications. Users may opt out of these e-mails by replying to the unsubscribe link at the end of the e-mail message. How does Notified ensure compliance with legal obligations? In connection with the Services, and if applicable, you and Notified shall at all times ensure compliance with any privacy and data protection laws including those in the United States (including but not limited to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Financial Services Modernization Act, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, California Consumer Privacy Act and the Fair Credit Reporting Act), in the United Kingdom (including but not limited to the Data Protection Act), in the European Union (including but not limited to relevant EU member state legislation and the General Data Protection Regulation), in the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (including but not limited to Australia’s Privacy Act along with the Australian Privacy Principles, Singapore’s Personal Data Protection Act and Japan’s Act on the Protection of Personal Information) and anywhere around the world. We’re a global organization and our information systems are in several countries around the world. We also use service providers whose information systems may also be in various countries. This means your Personal Information might end up in one of those information systems in another country, and that country may have a different level of data protection regulation than yours. The whole or any part of your Personal Information in connection to the Services may be processed by Notified, its affiliates and subcontractors in the United States, United Kingdom, the European Union, Philippines, India, Canada, Mexico and the rest of the world, and may be transferred outside the country in which you provided the Personal Information. By giving us Personal Information, Notified may conduct such transfers of your Personal Information. No matter what country your Personal Information is in, we comply with applicable law and will also abide by the commitments we make in this Privacy Statement. How do you handle my Personal Information as part of Notified’s and/or GlobeNewswire’s Media Contacts Database products and services? Certain of our Notified and GlobeNewswire services provide detailed profiles for media contacts and news outlets to public relations, media and marketing professionals, such as yourself. If you are receiving these types of emails from Notified and/or GlobeNewswire, it is because your professional contact information is publicly available and we believe there is a legitimate interest and/or implied consent for you to be part of our media contacts database, which includes data in the public relations industry compiled by our in-house research team.If you do not wish to be part of our media contacts database, you may unsubscribe at any time by clicking unsubscribe at the bottom of an email you have received from us. We may use your Personal Information for purposes related to data analytics with our third party partners. By fully unsubscribing your Personal Information will not be used this way. Data Analytics We provide business to business communication technology services and may use your Personal Information in order to enhance and deliver data analytics, which include transforming, examining, cleansing and modelling data in order to support decision making, determining useful information and informing conclusions. Specifically, data analytics are intended to include the following data sharing and recommendations across our various lines of business: Expand contact information;Aggregation of data to identify trends and benchmarks;Connect attendees and enhance profiles;Provide people and content recommendations;Drive recruitment to virtual and hybrid events;Help to understand usage, adoption and engagement;Increase and demonstrate return on investment of customer investments;Assess the physical component of hybrid events; andGive insight to customer analytics to develop new customers and expand existing customer relationships. We make no representations or warranties on the accuracy and serviceability of your data in connection with data analytics. Data created or existing from data analytics is intended for your use only. Data may not be resold, reused or shared with third parties without prior written consent by Notified. For the avoidance of doubt, by signing up to use our Services, you have freely and voluntarily given informed, explicit and unambiguous permission for Notified to process your Personal Information, including your users’ Personal Information, for data analytics. You also acknowledge that providing this permission is not a condition of receiving Notified’s Services. You further understand that you have the right to withdraw this permission at any time by providing written notice to Notified. China Users If you use our services in the People’s Republic of China, your personal data is collected, processed and/or stored by Notified, its affiliates and their third party suppliers in the People’s Republic of China, the United States of America and other locations in the rest of the world. By using the services in the People’s Republic of China, you hereby consent that (a) your personal data may be transferred outside of the People’s Republic of China to the locations noted herein and (b) Notified and its affiliates and their third party suppliers may collect, process and or/store your personal data in order to provision the services. To receive a list of Notified’s third party suppliers that collect, process and or/store your personal data, please send us a request at legal@notified.com . What choices do you have regarding your Personal Information? We are aware you have several rights in respect to how we process your Personal Information, which include but are not limited to, a right to access your Personal Information, be forgotten, restrict and/or object to processing in some circumstances and request your Personal Information be transferred to you or your nominated third party. You may choose not to have your information disclosed to a third party (unless Notified is legally required to share it). You may also choose to not have your information used for a purpose materially different than the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you. We will take reasonable steps to give you the opportunity to correct inaccuracies in the Personal Information we retain concerning you and delete Personal Information concerning you upon your request, unless the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy or where the rights of persons other than you would be violated. We may deny a request to delete your data if we have legal obligations to retain it. Any such data will be subject to our standard retention guidelines. You are entitled to know whether we hold personal data about you and, if we do, to have access to that personal data and require it to be corrected if it is inaccurate. In some circumstances, you may have the right to oppose the use or disclosure of your data or have your data deleted. You can do this by contacting us as directed in the “Contact Us” section below. To correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information, limit purpose of use and disclosure, delete your Personal Information, or for any other requests or questions, please contact us as directed in the “Contact Us” section below. Once we have verified your identity, we will complete the request from you or an authorized agent you have designated.We will make all efforts to verify your identity using information we already have but may need to request additional data if we are unable to make the verification on this data alone. If you designate an agent to make requests for you, we reserve the right to ask for proof of the agency. Notified will not discriminate against any individual for exercising their privacy rights outlined above. This includes, but is not limited to; denying goods or services, change in pricing or lower quality goods or services. What if we change this Privacy Statement? We may need to change this Statement and our notices. Unless otherwise required, the updates will be posted online. If the changes are substantive, unless otherwise required, we will announce the update through Notified’s websites. Unless further steps are necessary related to the changes, your continued use of the product or service after the effective date of such changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes. To make your review more convenient, we will post an effective date at the top of the page. How to Contact Us? If you require further information about privacy compliance at Notified, if you require details about our Data Protection Officer or if you want to make a correction to your Personal Information, please email us at legal@notified.com or mail us at: Notified Legal Department PO Box 541178 Omaha, NE 68154 United States EUROPEAN UNION – GDPR Notified Legal Department 4 Rue Charras Paris 75009 France Data Privacy and GDPR Reference Guides Notified has prepared the following reference guide on data privacy: For more information regarding Notified’s data privacy policy, please email legal@notified.com . Subject Access Requests Notified has prepared a Subject Access Request form in order for our users and/or subscribers to make any personal data related requests. Please complete the form and send it to legal@notified.com . A representative of Notified will promptly respond to your request. EU Standard Contractual Clauses Corresponding with the European Commission’s June 4, 2021 adoption of new Standard Contractual Clauses (“SCCs”), Notified has prepared an addendum to incorporate the new SCCs into your existing Data Processing Agreement or Service Agreement. If you are a Notified customer, please download the applicable addendum through the link below, complete the relevant sections on pages 1 and 12 and return a signed copy to Notified at legal@notified.com . Data Processing Agreement Notified has prepared a Data Processing Agreement in connection with our services. If you are a Notified customer, please download the agreement through the link below, complete the relevant sections and return a signed copy to Notified at legal@notified.com . Request a Demo Solutions Resources Footer Footer Social Links Notified's websites use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience when you visit our websites or use our Services. If you continue without changing your browser settings, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more by reading our privacy policy .General Data Privacy Notice Last updated August 10, 2023* Welcome to New Relic! New Relic's full-stack data analysis platform enables businesses to have a clearer view of what’s happening in their software. Want to learn how New Relic processes data when you use or interact with our Services? See our Services Data Privacy Notice . For California Residents, please see our California Privacy Notice . Interested in applying for a job at New Relic? See our Applicant Privacy Policy to understand how New Relic uses the information you provide when you apply. For California Residents, please see our California Applicant Privacy Notice . This New Relic General Data Privacy Notice (“General Privacy Notice”) explains who we are, how we collect, share and use personal data about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. We are committed to protecting your information and being transparent about the information we collect about you and how we use it. We recommend that you read this General Privacy Notice in full to ensure you are informed. If you have any questions about this General Privacy Notice please see Section 16 (How to Contact Us) . If there’s a particular section you’re interested in reviewing, click on a link below to jump to that spot. 1. Definitions 2. Who We Are 3. The Information We Collect About You 4. How We Use Your Personal Data 5. How We Share Your Personal Data 6. Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Data 7. How Long We Hold Your Personal Data 8. International Data Transfers 9. Your Choices and Data Protection Rights 10. Do Not Track and Global Privacy Control 11. Advertising 12. Third Party Websites and Social Media Widgets 13. Security of Your Personal Data 14. Children 15. Changes to this General Privacy Notice 16. How to Contact Us “Personal Data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual, including, for example, your name, phone number, post code or zip code, Device ID, IP address and email address. Further information about the Personal Data that we collect, where we collect it from, and how we use it is set out below. “Sites” means the websites that display or link to this General Privacy Notice, such as www.newrelic.com , status.newrelic.com , learn.newrelic.com , discuss.newrelic.com , www.newrelic.jp , www.newrelic.de , codestream.com , pixielabs.ai and any related New Relic website operated by New Relic. Undefined terms used in this General Privacy Notice have the same definition as in our Terms of Service . New Relic, Inc. makes monitoring services and tools available via several platforms, including pixielabs.ai, newrelic.com, and codestream.com. When you create an account with us via one of our platforms, your information is controlled by New Relic, Inc. New Relic collects Personal Data about you both offline and online. Offline information about you originates from our interactions with you, for example, during in-person meetings or at New Relic events, conferences, or workshops. Online information originates from your activities on our Sites and third party sources. The Personal Data we collect includes information such as your name, mailing or billing address, credit card information, username, GitHub ID, email address, company name, IP or MAC address. We collect this information so we know who you are for various reasons, including to communicate with you, bill you correctly, and to enable you to log-in to and use New Relic Sites and New Relic Separate Platforms. For more information on the types of Personal Data we collect and how we may receive it, click on “Read more”. Read more We may collect offline or online data, such as contact and financial information, from you directly, automatically, or from third parties, such as data aggregators, that may not have a relationship with you. a.Personal Data Categories Personal Data category Examples of Personal Data included Contact information Your name, job title, company name, mailing address, phone number, email address, username, password Financial & billing information Your billing name and address, credit card number, bank account information Event visitor information Your name, title, company name, mailing address, country, phone number, email address Community profile information Username, photo and/or biographical information, such as your occupation, social media profiles, profile on Stack Overflow, Github ID, company name, areas of expertise, custom profiles Office visitor information Your name, email address, phone number, photograph, company name, time and date of arrival Pictures, videos, & audio recordings Images of you captured during a New Relic event or promotion in photos or videos and/or recordings of you made during a research or a promotional session or event with your consent Device & geographic information IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location), user ID, and other technical information Information about how your device has interacted with our Sites, including the pages accessed and links clicked b. Personal Data we collect directly from you includes contact, financial and billing, event visitor, community profile, and office visitor information, as well as pictures, videos and audio recordings, and data we collect automatically, which includes device and geographic information. Personal Data category Examples of how it may be collected by New Relic directly Collected automatically Contact information If you express an interest in obtaining additional information about our Servicesrequest customer supportuse our "Contact Us" or similar featuresregister to use our Sites and other New Relic platforms, such as pixielabs.ai, sign up for or attend an event, webinar or contestdownload certain content, such as whitepapers from our Sites or third-party sitesparticipate in a New Relic research study or promotioninitiate a webchat on the New Relic website No Financial & billing information If you make purchases via our Sitesregister for an event or webinar No Event visitor information If you attend an event No Community profile information We may collect this data in a variety of contexts.If you attend a New Relic promotion or event, your image may be captured in a photo or videoparticipate in a New Relic research study your research session may be recorded with your consent. No Office visitor information If you visit our SitesSome of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further in the New Relic Cookie Policy . Yes If you provide to us or to our service providers any Personal Data relating to other individuals or third parties (such as your beneficiaries, references for job candidates, or referrals for the purposes of collaboration within the New Relic platform), you represent that you have the authority to do so and permit us to use the Personal Data in accordance with this General Privacy Notice. If you would like to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please see Section 9 (Your Choices and Data Protection Rights) . If you are that beneficiary or any other third party whose Personal Data was provided to New Relic on your behalf and with your consent, and you would like to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please see Section 9 (Your Choices and Data Protection Rights) . c.We may collect the following types of Personal Data about you from third parties that supply us with Personal Data in order to help us establish an account, target our marketing, or fulfill orders in partnership with our resellers. Our third party company relationships help us to update, expand, and analyze our Personal Data records, identify new customers, optimize our Sites and Services, create more tailored advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you, and manage open source projects. Personal Data that we collect from third party sources include: Example Categories of Personal Data Third party source Contact informationIntent data (or user behavior data)Device and geographic informationCommunity profile informationProviders of business contact informationResellers, referral and joint marketing partners, distributors, managed service providers, IAAS or PAAS partners, cloud providers, and other technical alliances Details about a potential customers’ software environment Resellers, referral and joint marketing partners, distributors, managed service providers, IAAS or PAAS partners, cloud providers, and other technical alliances User account information Vendors User account information Code repository platforms, such as GitHub Contact information Companies that host an event or sponsor an event We have checked that these third parties have an appropriate legal basis to provide us this Personal Data, such as your consent, a legitimate business interest, or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your Personal Data. In general, Personal Data we collect from you or about you from third parties is used for business and commercial purposes, for example to provide and maintain our Sites, Services, and New Relic Separate Platforms. Additionally, collecting this information enables us to better understand the visitors who come to our Sites, where they come from, and what content on our Sites is of interest to them. Read more New Relic uses your Personal Data for the following purposes: manage the security of our Sites, physical locations, networks, and systemsoperate, administer, analyze, develop, improve and optimize the use, function and performance of our Sites, Services, New Relic Separate Platforms and systemscomply with applicable laws and regulations and to operate our businessto manage code check-ins and pull requests for open source and community development projectsengage in transactions with customers, suppliers and business partners and to process orders for New Relic Services to provide New Relic Services, New Relic Separate Platforms, survey tools, payment processing services, or the certificate creation tool for New Relic Universityconduct research you agree to participate in or reach out to you to discuss any feedback you may submit, through meetings, surveys, or other toolsrespond to your queries and provide you with information and promotional material on New Relic when you initiate a webchattailor our marketing and sales activities to your company’s interests and in accordance with your communication preferences and your requests for information and to be contacted by New Relic tailor the purchase of Servicesfor purposes of targeted advertising, delivering relevant email content and event promotion to link or combine information about you with other Personal Data we get from third parties, to help understand your needs and provide you with better and more personalized serviceby creating anonymous data records from Personal Data in accordance with applicable law. Except as provided in this General Privacy Notice, we do not, and will not, sell Personal Data. Generally, we may disclose your Personal Data for our business purposes, such as to our service providers, partners or competent law enforcement bodies. Read More New Relic may disclose your Personal to a. Third party service providers. We engage with third parties to support our business and operations. For example some third party service providers offer services that we use to provide the Services, Sites, and New Relic Separate Platforms, such as cloud providers. b. Event sponsors and hosts. If you elect to do so, we may share Personal Data collected at New Relic events, such as FutureStack or New Relic’s seminars, with sponsors and hosts of such events, for valuable consideration from such sponsor or host to New Relic. Such sponsor or host may use it for their business or commercial purposes in accordance with their own privacy notices. c. Business partners. We contract with business partners, such as third party resellers, for our commercial purposes. For instance, if you fill out a form on our Sites, such as by signing up for a free New Relic account, ebook or webinar, or if you reach out to our Sales team, you may be contacted by a designated New Relic partner. d. Comply with our legal obligations.Where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person, we may disclose your Personal Data to any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party. e. New Relic entities. We may share your Personal Data within New Relic, such as with or between subsidiaries of New Relic, Inc. We and our subsidiaries will only use the information as described in this notice. f. Actual or potential buyers. In connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer (and its agents and advisors) it must use your Personal Data only for the purposes disclosed in this General Privacy Notice. g. Other person(s). Where you provide consent to the disclosure or as allowed by applicable data protection law, we may share your information as described at the time of consent. When we use your Personal Data, we take care to ensure that it is used in an appropriate way. Our use of Personal Data is done under one of various legal bases, including for our legitimate interest, in performance of a contract or with your consent. If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Data, please see Section 16 (How to Contact Us) . Read More We will process your Personal Data and share that Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Notice where: Its use is necessary for a contract you have entered into or because you have asked for something to be done so you can enter into a contract with usIts use is necessary because of a legal obligation that applies to us (except an obligation imposed by a contract). This may include responding to subpoenas, warrants or other requests served on New Relic anywhere in the world or to protect or defend the rights or property of New Relic or its users You have consented to its use in a specific way. For example where you have consented to receiving marketing materials. You may withdraw your consent at any time as further described in Section 9 (Your Choices and Data Protection Rights Its use is in accordance with our legitimate interests e.g. to manage our business, subject to those interests not overriding your fundamental rights and freedoms. This may include the activities and purposes described in Section 4 (How We Use Your Personal Data) and Section 5 (How We Share Your Personal Data) . In connection with due diligence efforts as part of a proposed sale, merger, or reorganization of our business or after a sale, merger, or reorganization If we ask you to provide Personal Data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Data). We retain Personal Data we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements). This may also include situations where litigation is pending or ongoing and such information is subject to a legal hold. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your Personal Data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Personal Data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw it at any time in the manner indicated when you consent. If you have questions about or need further information concerning the retention of your Personal Data, please see Section 16 (How to Contact Us) . When you use our Services or Sites, your Personal Data may be transferred to, and processed in, countries where we or our service providers operate. These may be countries other than the country in which you are located These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country. Read more If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, and/or the United Kingdom (UK) your Personal Data will be accessed by New Relic staff or suppliers, transferred, and/or stored outside the EEA, Switzerland and/or the UK.We take appropriate safeguards to require that your Personal Data will remain protected in accordance with this General Data Privacy Notice and as required by applicable data protection law, including: (i) requiring that our third-party service providers and partners employ an adequate method of transfer, such as the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses (further details of which can be provided upon request).New Relic is also certified under the EU-U.S. & Swiss- U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks and adheres to the Data Privacy Framework principles with respect to transfers of personal data from the European Union (“EU”) and Switzerland to the United States. Please click here to read our Data Privacy Framework Notice. New Relic takes reasonable steps to ensure that the Personal Data we collect is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete and up to date. We offer certain data protection options to all individuals, including the ability to opt out of receiving marketing communications, to amend your personal data contained in your account, and to request we delete your account information. For more information on the rights and options you have, including jurisdiction-specific rights, please click Read More. Read More a. When it comes to your marketing choices, we offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Data. We will periodically send you newsletters and emails that directly promote the use of our Sites or the purchase of our Services (marketing communications) as the following applies : (i) in accordance with your marketing preferences, (ii) if you sign up for a New Relic account or other content, (iii) request to be contacted by New Relic and/or if you request information from New Relic. You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time by clicking (1) the 'unsubscribe' or ‘opt out’ link at the bottom of the marketing emails you receive, (2) adjusting your email preferences provided here , or (3) by sending an email to Privacy@newrelic.com. Please note that it may take up to three days to remove your contact information from our marketing communications lists, so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make your request. Your email preferences only affect marketing communications. You will not be able to opt out of service emails from us, such as transactional emails, or notices of updates to our Terms of Service, Services Privacy Notice, or this General Privacy Notice. Should you decide to opt-out of receiving future mailings, we will retain a record of your preference (including retaining your email address) and we may share your email address with third parties solely for the purpose of ensuring that you do not receive further marketing communications related to our Services from third parties. b. We apply certain data protection rights to all individuals , regardless of location. Specifically, you may correct or update Personal Data contained in your account by editing your profile within the registration portion of our Sites or sending an email to Privacy@newrelic.com. You may also request we delete your account information, or remove your Personal Data from a Site testimonial or our blog by sending an email to Privacy@newrelic.com. When you reach out to us, we will endeavor to respond without delay in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We may need to ask you additional clarifying questions in order to accurately respond to your request and to verify you are making the request in respect of your own Personal Data. With respect to deletion requests, we may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep Personal Data and not remove it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). We will let you know if we are unable to comply with this request and the reasons why. c. EEA & the United Kingdom In addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete Personal Data outlined above, persons located in the EEA or the United Kingdom have some additional data protection rightsunder EEA and UK data protection laws. These rights include the right to find out if we use your Personal Data, or to access your Personal Data. Also, you can object to the processing of Personal Data we process on the basis of our legitimate business interests, ask us to restrict processing, or request portability of your Personal Data. Where we have collected and processed your Personal Data on the basis of consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. You should note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to the withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your Personal Data where we relied on lawful bases other than consent.You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. If you are an EEA or UK individual and would like to make any of these requests, please submit your request to Privacy@newrelic.com d. California New Relic provides services to businesses and complies with the applicable provisions of the California Consumer Privacy Act. If you are a California resident, please see our California Privacy Notice . e. Nevada If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to submit a request that we do not sell to third parties certain types of personal information that we have collected or will collect about you. You can exercise this right by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address. Please note that we do not currently sell your personal data as the term “sale” is defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A. If you have any questions about New Relic’s privacy practices, you can contact us as described in Section 16 (How to Contact Us) If you are a Virginia resident, you have some additional data protection rights. under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete Personal Data outlined above. You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a portable copy of the Personal Data that you provided to us. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your personal data as the term “sale” is defined in the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. This means that New Relic may disclose personal data for targeted advertising in line with your choices. You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information. You may opt out of the disclosure of your personal data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Virginia Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. You have the right not to be discriminated against based on exercising your data protection rights, and we do not discriminate against any individual for doing so. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes. If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to the Virginia Attorney General at the following address https://www.oag.state.va.us/consumer-protection/index.php/file-a-complaint . If you have any questions about New Relic’s privacy practices, you can contact us as described in Section 16 (How to Contact Us) g. Colorado If you are a Colorado resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Colorado Consumer Privacy Act, in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete Personal Data outlined above. You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a portable copy of the Personal Data that you provided to us. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your personal data as the term “sale” is defined in the Colorado Consumer Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Colorado Consumer Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose personal data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.You may opt out of the disclosure of your personal data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Colorado Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes. If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 45 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to the Colorado Attorney General by following the instructions here: https://complaints.coag.gov/s/contact-us . If you have any questions about New Relic’s privacy practices, you can contact us as described in Section 16 (How to Contact Us) h. Connecticut If you are a Connecticut resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above. You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your personal data as the term “sale” is defined in the Connecticut Data Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose personal data for targeted advertising in line with your choices. You may opt out of the disclosure of your personal data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Connecticut Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes. If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to the Connecticut Attorney General by following the instructions here: https://portal.ct.gov/AG/Common/Complaint-Form-Landing-page . If you have any questions about New Relic’s privacy practices, you can contact us as described in Section 16 (How to Contact Us) i. Australia Supplemental Data Protection Law Disclosures. New Relic will process Personal Data under this General Data Privacy Notice in accordance with the Australian Privacy Act 1988 and the Australia Privacy Principles. If you are an Australian resident and you are dissatisfied with our handling of a data subject right request or a complaint, you can always contact us at Privacy@newrelic.com. If you disagree with the resolution proposed by us, you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“OAIC”) by contacting the OAIC using the methods listed on their website http://www.oaic.gov.au. New Relic does not currently commit to responding to browser’s “do not track” or “DNT” preference across its Sites and Services, because no common industry standard for DNT has been adopted by industry groups, technology companies or regulators, including no consistent standard of interpreting user intent.New Relic takes privacy and choices regarding privacy seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor the development around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard for DNT. Global Privacy Control is a browser setting that allows you to notify websites you visit about your privacy preferences. New Relic honors website visitors’ Global Privacy Control signals. We may partner with third party ad networks either to display advertising on our Sites or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner may use cookies and web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our Sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. To learn more about targeted advertising and advertising networks and about your ability to opt out of collection by certain third parties, please visit the opt-out pages of the Network Advertising Initiative, here , and the Digital Advertising Alliance, here . In addition, if you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising click here (or, if located in the EU, click here ). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads. This General Privacy Notice applies to the use and disclosure of Personal Data that we collect as described herein. Our provision of a link to any other website or location is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such other website or location or its contents. When you click on such a link, you will leave our site and go to another site. During this process, a third party may collect Personal Data from you. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this General Privacy Notice do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of data after you click on a link to a third party. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any website you visit. Our Sites also include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets, such as the “Share this” button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Sites. Your interactions with these features are also governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. New Relic is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Data. We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For instance, when you enter your credit card number on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). All account accesses require users to provide their username and password. It is the responsibility of each user to maintain this information in a secure manner. Despite these measures, you should know that New Relic cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Data and mistakes and security breaches may happen. If you have any questions about security on our Sites, you can contact us as described in Section 16 (How to Contact Us) . Our Sites are not directed to children and we do not intentionally gather Personal Data about visitors who are under the age of 16. If you learn that anyone younger than 16 (or of older age as applicable under the laws of your jurisdiction) has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us as described in Section 16 (How to Contact Us) , and we will take steps to delete such information. If you are a minor (as per the applicable laws in your jurisdiction) and are using this website, you may only do so with the consent of your parent or guardian. This General Privacy Notice may be changed from time to time, and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use your Personal Data, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. You can see when this General Privacy Notice was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this General Privacy Notice. This Privacy Notice is effective as of the date set out at the top of this Privacy Notice. It describes the categories of personal information that we have collected, disclosed for a business or commercial purpose and sold over the preceding twelve (12) months. New Relic has a Data Protection Officer and has nominated both local and global Data Protection Officers.If you have questions about how your Personal Data is collected, stored, shared or used, or if you wish to exercise any of your data rights, or if you have a disability and need to access this notice in an alternative format, please contact our Data Protection Officers at: By email: privacy@newrelic.com By mail: Attn: Legal Data Subject Request New Relic, Inc. 188 Spear Street Suite 1000 San Francisco, CA 94105 New Relic appointed New Relic International Limited as its EU data protection representative, and the Irish Data Protection Commissioner is New Relic supervisory authority. You can contact New Relic EU Representative at: 31-36 Golden Lane Dublin 8, Ireland Or by emailing privacy@newrelic.com attn: New Relic EU Representative. New Relic appointed New Relic UK Limited as its UK data protection representative, and the Information Commissioner’s Office is New Relic supervisory authority in the United Kingdom. You can contact New Relic UK Representative at: Strand Bridge House 138-142 The Strand London, England WC2R 1HL Or by emailing privacy@newrelic.com attn: New Relic UK Representative. For any complaints regarding our compliance with our privacy and security practices, please contact New Relic first. New Relic will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding our privacy practices. The data controller of your Personal Data for all countries that New Relic does business is New Relic, Inc., unless you have contracted directly with New Relic, K.K. in Japan, in which case New Relic, K.K. is the data controller. *Updated on August 10, 2023 with additional information on uses and disclosures on personal data. Prior VersionsCookiebot Privacy Policy Share www.cookiebot.com Last update: March 28, 2023 Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy covers what we collect and how we use, disclose, transfer and store your information. I. NAME OF THE PERSON RESPONSIBLE The person responsible within the meaning of the GDPR and other national data protection laws of the member states as well as other data protection regulations is the Usercentrics A/SHavnegade 391058 CopenhagenDenmarkPhone: + 45 50 333 777Email: mail@usercentrics.com Company registration number DK34624607 You may submit inquiries regarding personal data protection, privacy and security matters to privacy@cookiebot.com . II. GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE COLLECTION AND PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA 1. Scope of processingIn principle, we process personal data only insofar as this is necessary to provide a functioning website and our content and services. The processing of personal data takes place regularly only with consent. An exception applies to cases in which prior consent can not be obtained for reasons of fact and the processing of the data is permitted by law. 2. Legal basisThe processing of your data is either based on your consent or in case the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract, or based on legitimate interest, cf. GDPR art. 6(1)(a)-(b), (f).If the processing is based on your consent, you may at any time withdraw your consent by contacting us using the contact information in clause 1. 3. Storage and deletion of your dataIn principle, we only store personal data for as long as is necessary to fulfill contractual or legal obligations for which we collected the data. After that, we delete the data immediately, unless we still need the data until the expiry of the statutory limitation period for evidence purposes for claims under civil law or due to statutory retention obligations.We delete or block the personal data of the data subject as soon as the purpose of the storage is fulfilled. It may also be stored if provided for by the European or national legislator in EU regulations, laws or regulations to which our company is subject (see details in sections 3.1-3.3). Blocking or deletion of the data also takes place when a storage period prescribed by the standards mentioned expires, unless there is a need for further storage of the data for conclusion of a contract or fulfillment of the contract. 3.1. Data Retention PolicyDue to tax regulations, Account Data will be retained for up to five full fiscal years from your cancellation of your Cookiebot CMP account. Configuration Data and System Generated Data will be erased immediately when you cancel the Cookiebot CMP account. End User Data will be erased on an ongoing basis after 12 months from registration, and immediately when you cancel the Cookiebot CMP account. 3.2 Data Retention for Compliance with Legal Requirements You may not require Usercentrics to change any of the default retention periods, except for the reasons for erasure pursuant to clause 3.3, but you may suggest changes for compliance with specific sector laws and regulations. 3.3 Data Restitution and/or Deletion No data except Account Data will be retained after the termination of the Agreement. You may request a data copy before termination. You must not cancel the Cookiebot CMP account until the data copy has been delivered, as Usercentrics will not otherwise be able to deliver the data copy. III. PROVISION OF THE WEBSITE AND CREATION OF LOG FILES 1. Scope of data processing Usercentrics processes personal data only if this is necessary to provide a functioning website and our content and services. The processing of personal data takes place regularly only with consent. An exception applies to cases in which prior consent can not be obtained for reasons of fact and the processing of the data is permitted by law. Any of the information we collect from you may be used for one or more of the following purposes: 1.1. To personalize your experience (the information will help Usercentrics better respond to your individual needs); 1.2. To improve our website (Usercentrics continually strives to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you); 1.3. To establish a primary channel of communication with you; 1.4. To enable you to scan your website for trackers; 1.5. To enable you to talk to an expert. 2. Data processed 2.1 Each time our website is accessed, our system automatically collects data and information from the computer system of the calling computer. E.g.this is information like – Information about the type and version of your internet browser, – The operating system of your computer or smartphone, – Your internet service provider, – Your IP address, – Date and time of your access, – Geographic location, – Websites from which you came to us, – Websites that you visit from our site; We collect such technical information in so-called “log files”, so that you can display our website correctly and we can identify the causes of any technical problems, for the technical optimization of our websites and for the purpose of the security of our computer systems and networks. For these purposes, the legal basis is legitimate interest in the processing of data according to GDPR art. 6(1)(f). The data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer necessary for the purpose of its collection. Typically, this technical information will be erased or rendered unrecognizable at the latest after seven days. The collection of data for the provision of the website and the storage of the data in log files is essential for the operation of the website. 2.2 Each time you use our Service to scan your website, your email address will be processed and definitions of the cookies found when the Service has scanned your website(s), including reports on the result of each scan. IV. CONTACT REQUESTS FOR PRODUCT INFORMATION, A DEMO OR OTHER CONCERNS 1. Description and scope of data processing On our website you can contact us via various options: e.g. book a demo, request a quote, request product information, request guides, contact request form, support tickets and our chat function. If you make use of these options, the data entered in the input mask will be transmitted to us and saved. In addition to the specific input macro data, the IP address and the date and time of the request are collected and stored. Alternatively, a contact via email address is possible. In this case, your personal data transmitted by email will be stored. In this context, there will be no disclosure of the data to third parties, unless this is necessary for the processing of the query (for example, demo booking tool). In any case, the data will be used exclusively for processing the conversation, unless agreed upon otherwise. 2. Legal basis for processing Legal basis for the processing of the data is in general the consent of the user, GDPR art. 6(1)(a). 3. Purpose of the data processing The processing of personal data from the input mask is solely for the processing of your request. 4. Duration of storage If you have booked a demo, requested product information or an offer, we reserve the right to store the data for two years to measure the profitability of our sales and marketing. Otherwise, we will delete the data as soon as it is no longer necessary to achieve the purpose of its collection. For the personal data entered in the contact form and those sent by email, this is the case when the respective conversation with you has ended. The conversation is ended when it can be inferred from the circumstances that the relevant facts have been finally clarified. 5. Revoking consent and removal possibility You have the possibility at any time to revoke your consent to the processing of the personal data. If you contact us by email, you may object to the storage of your personal data at any time. In such a case, the conversation can not continue. All personal data stored in the course of contacting will be deleted in this case. V. NEWSLETTER When signing up for the Newsletter, data entered into the input mask will also be stored, in order to provide the Newsletter. The legal basis for this processing is GDPR art. 6(1)(a). Your email address, time of subscription and the IP address used for subscribing will be retained as long as you subscribe to our Newsletter. This service is provided by means of a double-opt-in. Thus, you will receive an email containing a link by which you can confirm that you are the owner of the email address and wish to be notified via our email service. You can unsubscribe from this service by opting out via the link provided in each Newsletter any time. You will be informed by Usercentrics about relevant changes concerning the Service, such as the implementation of additional functions, by email, if you subscribe to Usercentrics’ newsletter. Optionally, your first name, last name, company name and the country you are located in will be processed to provide you with personalized newsletters. VI. YOU BECOME A CUSTOMER OR PARTNER OF USERCENTRICS 1. Scope of data processing You can become a Customer or Partner of Usercentrics.Any of the information we collect from you may be used for one or more of the following purposes: 1.1 To enable you to control the user experience towards End Users and enable the Service to automatically apply the End User’s consent to other websites of yours; 1.2 To identify you as a contracting party; 1.3 To enable secure login for you in the Service Manager at cookiebot.com; 1.4 To establish a primary channel of communication with you; 1.5 To enable Usercentrics to issue valid VAT invoices and to process transactions (your information will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the service requested); 1.6 To enable automated handling of the subscriptions; 1.7 To produce and display cookie declarations to End Users and store and display scan report(s) to you; 1.8 To provide you with aggregated information on the choices of the End Users regarding accepted cookie types and generate a graphical representation in the Service Manager; and/or 1.9 To send periodic emails [the email address you provide for order processing may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news (if accepted), updates, related product or service information, etc.] If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you may cancel your account after login by clicking on “Cancel my account”. 2. Data processed If you choose to register on our website and become a Customer or a Partner, four categories of data to and on behalf of you will be processed: “Account Data” When you register for an account on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or respond to a survey, basic contact details are collected, such as the email address and name of your contact person, company name, address, phone number, VAT number, preferred language and currency, any purchase order number, any email address of invoice recipients and masked credit card or bank account details. “Configuration Data” We collect your direct input to our cloud service Cookiebot (the “Service”) after login, like the domain name(s) of the website(s) where you implement the Service and configuration of the content, looks and behavior towards website visitors (“End Users”). “System Generated Data” The Service automatically creates and stores metadata on the basis of the other types of data, e.g.: In case you become a customer, subscription data, like start date, latest invoice date and the result of a mandatory VAT number validation. Issued invoices are stored so that you may access any issued invoices from within the Service Manager. In case you sign up for either a Cookiebot CMP account or our free GDPR/ePR test, which analyzes your website to give you an indication of whether or not your website is compliant with the rules relating to online tracking set out in the GDPR and ePR, please note that we evaluate your user behaviour when you register for our service. We record your campaign behaviour. Embedded links contain UTM parameters and other identifiers which will identify all parameters of your “clicks”.The UTM parameters allow us to add trackable extensions to your URLs. The parameters are: Medium: this parameter describes the medium in which the link is embedded. Examples: email, social media or website. Source: with this UTM parameter we define the source of the link. This can be newsletters, websites, apps or social media channels. Campaign: this type of UTM parameter is used to identify the actual campaigns. For example, if we send you a newsletter every month, the individual newsletters can be evaluated separately. Term: keywords, so that the link can be identified better. Content: within a campaign we insert different elements to be tracked in order to identify them clearly and evaluate them separately. Examples: button, image or video. The identifiers are generated by the service providers listed in section 12.3 of this privacy policy. We use the identifiers in combination with conversion events, such as account creation (for example, if a trial period starts or you upgrade to a premium account) to inform the service providers about the event in relation to the provided identifiers. Aggregated statistical data on End User consents. 3. Legal basis for processing Legal basis for the processing of the data, is in the presence of consent, GDPR art. 6(1)(a). With registration for a Cookiebot CMP account the legal basis is GDPR art. 6(1)(b) for the fulfillment of a contract or the implementation of pre-contractual measures. 4. Purpose of the data processing Registration is required to fulfill the customer or partner contract or to carry out pre-contractual measures. 5. Opposition and removal possibility You always have the option to cancel your account.You can change the data stored about you at any time. If the data is required to fulfill a contract or to carry out pre-contractual measures, premature deletion of the data is only possible, unless contractual or legal obligations preclude deletion. VII. COOKIES AND TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES See Usercentrics’s Cookie Declaration at https://www.cookiebot.com/en/cookie-declaration/ for information on the cookies we use. VIII. CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT COMPLIANCE In addition to the above mentioned, the following provisions apply specifically for residents of California, USA. The California Privacy Laws provide users who reside in California with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes the customers’ rights and explains how to exercise those rights, subject to exceptions under the law. Your rights under California Privacy Law Right to Know About Personal Information Collected, Sold or Shared (“Right to Know”) You have the right to request to know what personal information we have collected about you, including: The categories of personal information collected The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information The categories of third parties with whom the personal information is shared The specific pieces of personal information collected about you that are permitted by lawRight To Request Deletion of Personal Information (“Right to Delete”) You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collect, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive your request and verify your identity, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your Personal Information from our records, unless an exception applies. Right to Correct Inaccurate Personal Information (“Right to Correct”) You have the right to request correction of inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you or update the information we have on file. Right to Opt Out of Sale or Sharing of Your Personal Information You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information. Usercentrics does not sell personal information, including personal information of minors under the age of 16. You can make use of your right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information by clicking the “Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal Information” link at the bottom of the page. Right to Non-Discrimination For The Exercise Of Your Privacy Rights You have the right to be protected from discrimination for exercising your rights. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your right. Right to Limit the Use of Sensitive Personal Information Usercentrics does not use sensitive personal information in any manner that requires offering a right to limit its use. How To Submit a Request to Exercise Your Right to Know, Delete, or Correct You may submit your request by sending an email to privacy@cookiebot.com . We will compare the information you submit to us with the information we have in our records to ensure your request meets the definition of “verifiable consumer request” under the California Privacy Laws. We will then respond to your request in accordance with the requirements. Response Timing and Format Usercentrics endeavor to respond to a request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If Usercentrics requires more time (up to 90 days), you will be informed of the reason and extension period in writing. Any disclosures provided will only cover the twelve (12) month period preceding the receipt of the verifiable request. If applicable, the response will also explain the reasons for which Usercentrics cannot comply with a request. For data portability requests, Usercentrics will select a format to provide the Personal Information that is readily usable and should allow transmission of the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. Usercentrics does not charge a fee to process or respond to the verifiable request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If Usercentrics determines that the request warrants a fee, we will inform why Usercentrics made that decision and provide a cost estimate before completing the request. Children Under the Age of 16 Usercentrics does not knowingly collect or disclose the personal information of children under the age of 16. As stated above, Usercentrics also do not sell or share personal information, including personal information of children under the age of 16. IX. MINORS Our services are not aimed at children under 13 years. We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. If you have not reached the age limit, do not use the services and do not provide us with your personal information.If you are a parent of a child below the age limit and you learn that your child has provided Usercentrics with personal information, please contact us at privacy@cookiebot.com and insist on exercising your rights of access, correction, cancellation and / or opposition. If you are resident in California and are under 18 years of age and wish to erase publicly available content, please contact us at privacy@cookiebot.com . X. ONLINE PRESENCE IN SOCIAL NETWORKS We maintain online presences in social networks in order to communicate there with customers and interested parties, among others, and to provide information about our products and services. The users’ data is usually processed by the social networks concerned for market research and advertising purposes. In this way, usage profiles can be created based on the interests of the users and on-site behavior, if it exists. For this purpose, cookies and other identifiers are stored on the users’ computers. On the basis of these usage profiles, advertisements, for example, are then placed within the social networks but also on third-party websites. As part of the operation of our online presences, it is possible that we can access information such as statistics on the use of our online presences, which are provided by the social networks. These statistics are aggregated and may include, in particular, demographic information and data on interaction with our online presences and the posts and content distributed via them. Please refer to the list below for details and links to the data of the social networks that we can access as operators of the online presences. The legal basis for data processing is GDPR art. 6(1)(a)-(b), in order to stay in contact with and inform our customers and to carry out pre-contractual measures with future customers and interested parties. For the legal basis of the data processing carried out by the social networks on their own responsibility, please refer to the data protection information of the respective social network. The links below also provide you with further information on the respective data processing and the options to object. We would like to point out that data protection requests can be asserted most efficiently with the respective provider of the social network, as only these providers have access to the data and can take appropriate measures directly. Below is a list with information on the social networks on which we operate online presences: Facebook (USA and Canada: Facebook Inc., 1601 Willow Road, Menlo Park, California 94025, USA; all other countries: Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland). Operation of the Facebook Fanpage in joint responsibility on the basis of an agreement on joint processing of personal data (so-called Page Insights Supplement regarding the controller). Information on the processed Page Insights data and the contact option in the event of data protection enquiries: https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/information_about_page_insights_data Privacy policy: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/ Instagram (Facebook Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin 2, Ireland). Privacy policy: https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875 Google/ YouTube (Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland). Privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy Twitter (Twitter International Company, One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street, Dublin 2, D02 AX07 Ireland). Privacy policy: https://twitter.com/de/privacy LinkedIn (LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland). Operation of the LinkedIn company page in joint responsibility on the basis of an agreement on joint processing of personal data (so-called Page Insights Joint Controller Addendum). Information on the Page Insights data processed and the contact option in the event of data protection enquiries: https://legal.linkedin.com/pages-joint-controller-addendum Privacy policy: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy Google my business We operate a so-called Google My Business entry. Should you find us in this way, we make use of the information service offered by Google and the services of Google Ireland Limited, Gordon House, Barrow Street, Dublin 4, Ireland (hereinafter “Google”). We would like to point out that you use the Google site and its functions on your own responsibility. This applies in particular to the use of the social and interactive functions (e.g. commenting, sharing, rating, direct messaging). When you visit and interact with our Google My Business listing, Google also collects your IP address and other information that is present on your terminal device in the form of so-called cookies. This information is used to provide us, as the operator of the Google My Business listing, with statistical information about the use of Google services.The data collected about you in this context will be processed by Google and may be transferred to countries outside the European Union. Google generally describes what information it receives and how it is used in its privacy policy. Google provides more detailed information in its privacy policy: We do not know how Google uses the data from the visit for its own purposes, to what extent activities of individual users are assigned, how long Google stores this data and whether data is passed on to third parties. When accessing Google services, the IP address assigned to your terminal device is transmitted to Google. Google also stores information about its users’ end devices; this may enable Google to assign IP addresses to individual users or user accounts. If you contact us via our Google My Business entry or other Google services by direct message, we cannot rule out the possibility that these messages may also be read and evaluated by Google (both by employees and automatically). We therefore advise against providing us with personal data there. Instead, another form of communication should be chosen as early as possible. We delete conversations no later than 14 days after the last chat activity, or immediately after switching to another communication channel. The use of this service is subject to the Google Privacy Policy, which you – with use – have already agreed to. We, as the provider of our Google My Business entry, do not collect or process any further data from your use of this Google service. Beyond that, we do not use any Google functions on our website. XI. THIRD PARTY LINKS Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked websites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our website and welcome any feedback about these websites. XII. RECIPIENTS OF DATA AND DATA TRANSFER TO THIRD COUNTRIES 12.1 Recipients of Data Usercentrics does not sell, trade or otherwise transfer to outside parties any personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties or processors who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you. Such trusted parties may have access to personally identifiable information on a need-to-know basis and will be contractually obliged to keep your information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect our rights or the rights of others, property, or safety. Furthermore, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. We only pass on the data we have collected if this is necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or for the provision of the technical functionality of the website, or if there is another legal basis for passing on the data. In principle, we process your data ourselves. In some cases, however, we also use service providers. In addition to the processors mentioned in this privacy policy, these may include, in particular, data centers that store our website and databases, IT service providers that maintain our systems, and consulting companies. If we pass on data to processors, they may only use the data to fulfill their tasks. The processors have been carefully selected and commissioned by us. They are contractually bound to our instructions, have suitable technical and organizational measures in place to protect the rights of the data subjects and are regularly monitored by us. In addition, disclosure may take place in connection with official enquiries, court orders and legal proceedings if it is necessary for legal prosecution or enforcement. When governments make a lawful demand for customer data from Usercentrics, Usercentrics strives to limit the disclosure. Usercentrics will only release specific data mandated by the relevant legal demand. If compelled to disclose your data, Usercentrics will promptly notify you and provide a copy of the demand unless legally prohibited from doing so. If Usercentrics commissions third parties with the collection, processing and use of data within the scope of commissioned processing in accordance with Art. 28 GDPR, this will also take place exclusively in compliance with the statutory provisions on data protection. 12.2 Data Transfer to third Countries As explained in this privacy policy, we use services whose providers are partly located in so-called third countries (outside the European Union or the European Economic Area) or process personal data there, i.e. countries whose level of data protection does not correspond to that of the European Union. Where this is the case and the European Commission has not issued an adequacy decision (Art.45 GDPR) for these countries, we have taken appropriate precautions to ensure an adequate level of data protection for any data transfers. These include, among others, the standard contractual clauses of the European Union or binding internal data protection regulations. If a third country transfer is provided for and no adequacy decision or appropriate safeguards are in place, it is possible and there is a risk that authorities in the respective third country (e.g. intelligence services) may gain access to the transferred data in order to collect and analyze it, and that enforceability of your data subject rights cannot be guaranteed. 12.3 Processors /Trusted Third Parties Microsoft Ireland Operations Ltd, One Microsoft Place, South County Business Park, Leopardstown, Dublin 18, Ireland Data hosting for CMPAdvertisingWeb analytics service Consent dataMSCLKID, Browser language, Clicked advertisements, GUID generated by UET tag, IP address, Microsoft cookie, Page title, Referrer URL, Screen color depth, Screen resolution, UET ID tag, Page load time, Publisher/URL accessed Databases are hosted on servers within EU member states, specifically Ireland with a hot fail-over mechanism to Microsoft’s datacenter in Amsterdam, the Netherlands GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Google Ads, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow Street, Dublin D04 E5W5, Ireland AdvertisingWeb analytics service Gclid, Ads viewed, Cookie ID, Date and time for visit, Device info, Geographic location, IP address, Search terms, Ads shown, Impressions, Online identifiers, Browser info In Ireland and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Google Analytics, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland AdvertisingWeb analytics service Google Client ID, Click path, Date and time for visit, Device info, Location info, IP address, Pages visited, Referrer URL, Browser Info, Hostname, Browser language, Browser type, Screen resolution, Device operating system, Interaction data, User behavior, Visited URL In Ireland and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Meta Platform Ireland Ltd., 4 Grand Canal Square, Grand Canal Harbour, Dublin, D02, Ireland Facebook Pixel – Web analytics service FBClid, Ads viewed, Content viewed, Device info, geographic location, HTTP-header, Interactions with advertisement, services and product, IP address, Items clicked, Marketing info, Pages visited, Pixel ID, Referrer URL, Usage behavior, Facebook cookie info, Facebook user ID, Usage/click behavior, Browser info, Device operating system, Device ID, User agent, Browser type In the EU (Ireland), Singapore and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland LinkedIn Insight Tag (LinkedIn Pixel) – Web analytics service Device info, IP address, ReferrerURL, Timestamp, Browser info In the EU ( Ireland), Singapore and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Youtube Video, Google Building Gordon House, 4 Barrow St, Dublin, D04 E5W5, Ireland Web analytics service Gclid, Device info, IP address, Referrer URl, Video viewed In Ireland and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Visma e-conomic a/sGærtorvet 1-51799 Copenhagen VDenmark Bookkeeping and accounting system Name, Title, Phone Number, Email address, AddressOther applicable data will be processed if it is included in the voucher/invoice Denmark GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Zendesk, Inc., 1019 Market Street, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA Support system for better communication with you Email address, Any other information provided Servers used are located and hosted in the EU, Frankfurt, GermanyData may be transferred to a Zendesk server in the USA and stored there. GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Salesforce, Erika-Mann-Straße 31-37,80636 Munich,Germany Pardot: This is a CRM software system that provides solutions for sales, customer service and marketing.Sales Cloud: Sales Cloud is a sales application that allows companies to manage contacts, leads, opportunities, quotes and orders. Account data, Contact information In the USA (San Francisco, CA)For Sales Cloud the data centers/operators where our data will be stored are located in Germany and/or France.For the system Pardot, our data will be stored in the USA. GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Akamai Technologies, Inc., 145 Broadway Cambridge, Massachusetts 02142USA CDN provider and Internet security service (Bot Detection)Geolocation to show the right cookie banner IP addresses on the end user. Database in the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. bGDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. f BunnyWay d.o.o, informacijske storitve d.o.o. Cesta komandanta Staneta 4A 1215 Medvode Slovenia CDN provider (used by the CB customers who choose the EU CDN provider) IP addresses (end users), Geographical location, Request URL, User Agent, User ID, Connection Times Database in the European Union GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit.b Datadog Inc., 620 8th Ave, 45th Floor, New York, NY 10018, United States of America Monitoring service for cloud applications IP address In the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Amplitude Inc., 201 3rd Street, Suite 200, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA Analytics service IP address,Geographical location In the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a Sendgrid, Twilio Germany GmbH,Rosenheimer Str. 143C81671 Munich, Germany Email sending provider used primarily for sending Cookiebot scan reports and invoices (paying customers only) via email Emails EU and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Intercom R&D Unlimited Company, 2nd Floor, Stephen Court, 18-21 Saint Stephen’s Green, Dublin 2; Intercom, Inc. a Delaware corporation with offices at 55 2nd Street, 4th Fl., San Francisco, CA 94105, USA; Webchat service/chat function on our website All information we receive in the chat function + type of account In Ireland and the USA GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. a PayPal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg Payment provider PayPal information, Payment data,Order number, Credit Card information,Credit check and statistical data if applicable,Address data if applicable Worldwide GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b QuickPay (Nets), ApSP. O. Pedersens Vej 28200 Aarhus NDenmark Payment provider Payment information, Order number, Credit Card information Denmark GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b Sydbank A/S, Peberlyk 4DK-6200 AabenraaDENMARK Payment provider Payment information, Order number, Credit Card information Denmark GDPR Art. 6 (1) lit. b XIII. YOUR RIGHTS If we process your personal data you have – after successful identification – the following rights towards us: Right to information (Article 15 GDPR) Right to deletion (Article 17 GDPR) Right to rectification (Article 16 GDPR) Right to restriction of processing (Article 18 GDPR) Right to data portability (Article 20 GDPR) – You may at any time order a complete data copy, which you may transmit to another controller of the data. Your data will be delivered within 10 working days by Usercentrics as spreadsheet files in Microsoft Excel format. Logical relations between datasets will be preserved in the form of unique identifiers. You are required to pay €1.000 (Euro one thousand) and any applicable taxes on delivery for each data copy order. Right to withdraw consent (Article 7(3) GDPR) Right to object to certain data processing activities (Article 21 GDPR). In order to exercise your rights described here, you can contact us at any time using the contact details listed under “ Name of the person responsible “. You may at any time lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority regarding Usercentrics’ collection and processing of your personal data. In Denmark, you can lodge a complaint with the Danish Data Protection Agency. XIV. SECURITY AND INTEGRITY OF THE DATA Protecting the information you give us or that we receive about you is our priority. We take appropriate security measures to protect your information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. Usercentrics has taken measures to ensure the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resiliency of systems and services that process personal information, and will restore the availability and access to information in the event of a physical or technical incident in a timely manner. Find out more information in our Data Processing Agreement . XV. Terms of Service and Data Processing Agreement Please also visit our Terms of Service section establishing the use, disclaimers and limitations of liability governing the use of our website and services and our Data Processing Agreement . XVI. UPDATES We reserve the right to update this privacy policy from time to time. In the event that we make material changes that restrict Usercentrics’ rights or obligations under this Privacy Policy, we will publish a clear notice in this section of this Privacy Policy that informs users when they are updated. This Privacy Policy was last modified on March 28, 2023. Click here to see the previous Privacy policy valid until March 27, 2023. Make your website’s use of cookies and online tracking compliant today TRY FOR FREE US Dollars - $ Swiss franc - CHF Danish krone - kr. Euro - € Pound sterling - £ Norwegian krone - kr. Polish złoty - zl Swedish krona - kr. US Dollars - $ English Blog Cookie Declaration Cookiebot Privacy Policy Data Processing Agreement Cookiebot™ Terms of Service Cookiebot Legal Notice About Resellers Cookiebot Reseller Agreement Sitemap Get the Cookiebot WordPress PluginPrivacy Notice Versions: LAST UPDATED: August 1, 2023 Effective as of August 1, 2023, Momentive Inc. will become SurveyMonkey Inc., Momentive Europe UC will become SurveyMonkey Europe UC, and Momentive Brasil Internet Eireli will become SurveyMonkey Brasil Internet Eireli. 1. Introduction This Privacy Notice applies to all the products, services, websites and apps offered by SurveyMonkey Inc., SurveyMonkey Europe UC, SurveyMonkey Brasil Internet Eireli, SurveyMonkey Netherlands B.V., and other SurveyMonkey affiliates (collectively “SurveyMonkey”), except where otherwise noted. The services include SurveyMonkey, SurveyMonkey Apply, SurveyMonkey Audience, SurveyMonkey Rewards, SurveyMonkey Contribute, Wufoo, TechValidate, GetFeedback Direct, and GetFeedback Digital. We refer to those products, services, websites, and apps collectively as the “services” in this notice. Unless otherwise noted in your contract, our services are provided by SurveyMonkey Inc. inside of the United States, by SurveyMonkey Brasil Internet Eireli inside of Brazil, and by SurveyMonkey Europe UC everywhere else. US residents: Please visit our Region Specific Privacy Notice for more information on our privacy practices specific to individual states. This Privacy Notice does not apply to personal information we collect from our employees or job applicants in their capacity as employees or candidates. Employees and candidates should refer to our Employee Privacy Notice or Candidate Privacy Notice , respectively. Definitions Personal Data : references in this Privacy Notice to data, personal information, or information, are all references to Personal Data. Personal Data means information relating to a living individual (a "Data Subject") who is, or can be, reasonably identified from information, either alone or in conjunction with other information. Creator : the business or consumer that holds an account within a SurveyMonkey service that either directly creates surveys, forms, applications, or questionnaires or that can collaborate, commenting, or review surveys, forms, applications, or questionnaires within an account. Respondent : the individual that receives a survey, form, application, or questionnaire powered by a SurveyMonkey service. Panelist : the individual that uses Contribute or Rewards to take surveys sent by SurveyMonkey on behalf of Creators, or an individual that receives surveys through a third party panel provider. Privacy information specific to panelists can be found in our Contribute Privacy Notice , Rewards Privacy Notice , and Third Party Panel Privacy Notice . Visitor : you are just visiting one of our websites because you are curious, or you have heard about us from our marketing and sales channels! Quick Links If you want to identify your data controller please see the “ Who is my data controller? ” section below.For a quick snapshot of how SurveyMonkey treats personal information see our Privacy Basics .For privacy information specific to our individual products, see Privacy information specific to other services . Table of Contents This Notice consists of the following sections: 2. Personal Data we collect and the sources All Data Subjects Contact Information (for example name or email address).You might provide us with your contact information, whether through use of our services, a form on our website, an interaction with our sales or customer support team, or a response to one of SurveyMonkey's own surveys or forms.Usage information.We collect usage information about you whenever you interact with our websites and services. This includes which webpages you visit, what you click on, when you perform those actions, what language preference you have, what you buy and so on. Device and browser data.We collect information from the device and application you use to access our services. Device data mainly means your IP address, operating system version, device type, device ID/MAC address, system and performance information, and browser type. If you are on a mobile device we also collect the UUID for that device.Information from page tags.We use first party and third party cookies and tracking services that employ cookies and page tags (also known as web beacons ) to collect data about visitors to our websites. This data includes usage and user statistics. Emails sent by SurveyMonkey or by users through our services also include page tags that allow the sender to collect information about who opened those emails and clicked on links in them. We provide more information on cookies below and in our Cookies Notice. Log Data.Like most websites today, our web servers keep log files that record data each time a device accesses those servers. The log files contain data about the nature of each access, including originating IP addresses, internet service providers, the files viewed on our site (e.g.HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system versions, device type and timestamps.Referral information.If you arrive at a SurveyMonkey website from an external source (such as a link on another website or in an email), we record information about the source that referred you to us. Information from third parties and integration partners.We collect your personal information from third parties where, for example, you give permission to those third parties to share your information with us, where such information is publicly available online or through your device/browser data. Creators If you are a Creator, we may also collect: Account Information Registration information.You need a SurveyMonkey account before you can use SurveyMonkey services. When you register for an account, we collect your first and last name, username, password and email address. If you choose to register by using a third party account (such as your Google or Facebook account), please see “Information from third parties” below.Billing information.If you make a payment to SurveyMonkey, we require you to provide your billing details, a name, address, email address and financial information corresponding to your selected method of payment (e.g. a credit card number and expiration date or a bank account number). If you provide a billing address, we will regard that as the location of the account holder to determine the SurveyMonkey entity with whom you contract and the sales tax, if applicable, to be applied to your purchase. Account settings.You can set various preferences and personal details on pages like your account settings page (or on your account settings page for our other products as applicable). These may include, for example, your default language, time zone and communication preferences (e.g. opting in or out of receiving marketing communications from SurveyMonkey). When you use our services, we may also collect the following data on your behalf for certain services: Address book information.We may allow you to import email addresses and other contact information into an Address Book so you can easily invite people to take your surveys or fill in your form via our collectors. We do not use this data for our own purposes or to contact anyone, except at your direction. Survey/form/application data.We store your survey/form/application data (questions and responses) for you and provide analysis tools for you to use with respect to this data.Profile information.When you sign up for our services you are asked to provide us with information about yourself and to give us more detailed insights into who you are. If you are in a SurveyMonkey Enterprise account this may include providing your photo so your administrator(s) and colleagues can identify you. 3. How we use the Personal Data we collect 3.1 Creator We process personal data about you where: You have consented; We need to ulfill our contractual responsibility to deliver the services to you; or We have a legitimate interest to:improve the service experience; anddevelop new products and service features. In each of the instances where we describe how we use your data in this Privacy Notice, we have identified which of these grounds for processing we are relying upon. Consent You have consented to us using certain types of tracking and third party cookies on our websites. In particular: Cookies and Similar technology. We or third party data and advertising platforms that we work with may use or combine multiple technologies, such as cookies, page tags, mobile identifiers and IP addresses to infer users’ common identities across different services and multiple devices such as tablets, browsers, and mobile phones. We may do so, for instance, to tailor ads to users, to enable us to determine the success of our advertising campaigns and to improve upon them. These third party data and advertising platforms may sometimes use data that we provide to them in order to improve their technologies and their ability to match common devices to users. We also may use this technology to allow a Creator to measure the performance of their email messaging and to learn how to improve email deliverability and open rates. You can withdraw your consent at any time. More details: The above data and techniques are used for personalized marketing, analytics, and related purposes. To learn more about interest-based advertising and how to opt-out of it, please see our Cookies Notice in Section 6. We use this data to personalize online marketing campaigns to be relevant to you and your interests in our services. By clearing your cookies in your browser settings, you will no longer see personalized messages in this way but you continue to see ads over the internet that are not based on the information you provided to SurveyMonkey. Depending on your geographic location you can also withdraw your consent using our in-product cookie management tools.Contract We collect and use the following on the basis that we have to use this information in order to fulfill our contract with you: Your Account Information. We need to use your account information to run your account, provide you with services, bill you for our services, provide you with customer support, and contact you or your organization about your service or account. We may also use billing information in aggregate to determine billing and payment trends and, as needed, to adjust or manage pricing at the individual level or across all service users. We occasionally send you communications of a transactional nature (e.g. service-related announcements, billing-related matters, changes to our services or policies, a welcome email when you first register). You cannot opt out of these communications since they are required to provide our services to you. Legitimate interests We process your personal information in the following categories of data for legitimate interests pursued by us, which are described in detail in this Privacy Notice. We have undertaken to ensure that we place clear limitations on each of these uses so that your privacy is respected and only the information necessary to achieve these legitimate aims is used. Our primary goal is to improve upon and make sure our services and messaging are relevant for all our users, while also ensuring that personal information of all users is respected and protected. Contact Information. We use contact information to respond to your inquiries, send you information as part of the services, and send you marketing information (for as long as you do not opt-out). More details: We use your email address to send you marketing (newsletters), unless you indicate a preference to opt-out and for general updates on your account. You can opt out of marketing communications at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in them and changing the relevant setting on your My Account page.How you use our services. We use information about how you use our services to improve our services for you and all users and to make recommendations to you and your organization about our other services. More details: We collect information about the types of surveys/forms/applications you create (e.g. HR surveys), the types of plans you purchase and your account transactional behavior to build a profile about you so as to help direct you and your organization to other relevant features and services we offer and to optimize user experience, for example by making recommendations to you or your organization. We may also use usage information such as levels and nature of activity in your account and number of responses you are receiving to personalize the features and services we highlight for you and your organization in our Sites, improve user experience and to make recommendations to you and your organization about our services through our sales and marketing efforts. Device and browser data. We use device data both to troubleshoot problems with our service and to make improvements to it. We also infer your geographic location based on your IP address. More details: We collect this to help us improve your service experience through a specific device/browser by optimizing how the website looks in a particular browser, how your screen brightness affects your experience and to ensure the service operates optimally and as it should on different devices and browsers.Log data. We use log data for many different business purposes to include: To monitor abuse and troubleshoot.To create new services, features, content or make recommendations.To track behavior at the aggregate/anonymous level to identify and understand trends in the various interactions with our services.To fix bugs and troubleshoot product functionality.To investigate security issues.More details: Your IP address is used to determine where an unknown/unauthorized access may have occurred in your account (abuse monitoring). Referral information. We use referral information to track the success of our integrations and referral processes. Third parties and integrations. We collect and use information from third parties and integration partners, where applicable to one of our services, to: Ensure you can sign-up to our service from a third party integration like Facebook/LinkedIn/Microsoft/Google/SSO;To personalize our services for you; andEnsure you can use our service in conjunction with other services. See further information here on our API partners – for other SurveyMonkey services see below or on the website for that service.Your Profile We process other aspects of your account information (like the personal information you provide about your job, your job title, and your marketing preferences) as well as information obtained from public sources, for legitimate interests like providing you with a personalized experience and relevant and useful marketing information as well as to make other product, feature and service recommendations to you and your organization to optimize the use of the services we offer. If you are part of a SurveyMonkey Enterprise account, we also provide an opportunity for you to upload a photo so that your administrator(s) and colleagues can identify you. You can object to us using your information as described above but in some cases, our ability to fully and properly provide our services to you may be impacted if you do not want us to collect or use the above data. Furthermore, if you are a SurveyMonkey Enterprise account holder, your organization controls some of the data which you include in your profile and they can also edit or remove that information through the primary administrator(s) of that account. Service and Marketing uses. Profiling. We combine information about you from third party sources with information we hold about you to create a user profile, which will help us to make our sales and marketing efforts more relevant to you and to personalize and improve your service experience. Machine learning. We use machine learning techniques on certain data in order to provide users with useful statistics and more relevant insights from the data they have collected using our services and to optimize our marketing campaigns and for fraud detection. For example, if you have used open text questions in a survey, our machine learning may provide you with useful insights into the trends in responses to that question in our Analyze survey tool. To manage our services we will also internally use your information and data, for the following limited purposes: To enforce our agreements where applicable;To prevent or address potentially unlawful activities; andTo screen for and prevent undesirable or abusive activity. For example, we have automated systems that screen content for phishing activities, spam, and fraud. Finally, if you use our survey tool, depending on the package you are on and the settings you have selected, your Respondents may reach the standard survey end page on completion of a survey. The end page is part of the SurveyMonkey website. We may include our own research surveys and polling on this end page. These surveys are optional for any Respondent to take or skip. De-identified Survey Data We also use survey questions and responses on an aggregated or deidentified basis as described in this Privacy Notice. We will never sell individual response data or identify/contact individual respondents except on your request or where required by law. Feature descriptions will identify where this feature is linked. See our “ Respondent ” section. If you are part of a SurveyMonkey Enterprise plan, your plan’s administrator(s) can transfer your survey questions and responses to, or share them with, other members in your team, including your plan’s administrator(s) themselves. Your plan’s administrator(s) can also delete your survey questions and responses. Your plan’s administrator(s) may also have the ability to make changes to any aspects of your survey questions and analysis. Please refer to your organization’s internal policies if you have questions about this. Legal Obligation To respond to legal requests or prevent fraud, we may need to use and disclose information or data we hold about you. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond. 3.2 Respondent Contract Contact Information We only use contact information to respond to an inquiry which you, as a Respondent, submit to us. Examples Our customer support team uses your email address to communicate with you if you have contacted us about a survey, form, application, or questionnaire you received, but we will not send marketing to you unless you have otherwise opted-in to marketing. Legitimate Interest We process your personal information in the following categories of data for legitimate interests pursued by us, which are described in detail in this Privacy Notice. We have undertaken to ensure that we place clear limitations on each of these uses so that your privacy is respected and only the information necessary to achieve these legitimate aims is used. Our primary goal is to improve upon and make sure our services and messaging are relevant for all our users, while also ensuring that personal information of all users is respected and protected. Cookies (to include page tags). We collect information using cookies when you take a survey.These cookies are used to ensure that the full functionality of our survey service is operational, to ensure the survey operates appropriately and optimally. For more information please read our Cookies section below and our Respondent Cookies Notice . After completion of a survey, in most cases, you will be re-directed to our website and treated as a website visitor where other cookies may be used so you should read our Website Visitor section if this is of interest to you. Examples We use page tags to allow the email sender (for a survey or form for example) to measure the performance of email messaging and to learn how to improve email deliverability and open rates. We also use cookies to ensure a respondent can only take a survey once (where the Creator has set this function) and to track completion rates of surveys. How you use our services. We use information about how you use our services to improve our services for you and all users. Examples We collect information about the types of questions you answer. This data will be aggregated and deidentified so we can examine patterns in terms of respondent preferences when submitting responses (see further below in Information for Survey Respondent section ). We collect and use all this data for our legitimate interests like helping us improve the experience for respondents (so that questions are easier to answer), for training purposes and to understand industry trends in and to help improve the completion rates on surveys/forms. We will also use usage information such as the type of survey, form, questionnaire or application that you answered to personalize products we show you on completion of a survey when you are re-directed to our website and to make recommendations to our customers about usage of our services. Device and browser data. We use device data both to troubleshoot problems with our service and to make improvements to it. We also may infer your geographic location based on your IP address. Other Examples We collect this to ensure that service experience works well across all possible devices and to infer geographic location to produce aggregated data around Respondent location trends. We also want to use this information to provide an additional data layer to Creators so that they can filter responses by e.g. inferred geographic location. Note however, that we do not collect precise GPS co-ordinate location. We just infer location from IP address. Finally we will use this information to compare and look at trends on how our service operates and how you interact with surveys, on different browsers and devices. Log data. We use log data for many different business purposes including the following: To monitor abuse and troubleshoot;To create new services, features, content or make recommendations;To track behavior at the aggregate/anonymous level to identify and understand trends in the various interactions with our services; andTo fix bugs and troubleshoot product functionality.Examples Your IP address is used to ensure that you do not complete the same survey, form, application or questionnaire twice if the creator has included settings to avoid this (ballot stuffing), for abuse monitoring purposes (so we can identify a Respondent who abused the survey taking experience in a manner contrary to our usage policies or to facilitate the Creator in complying with their own legal obligations). We also collect log data to collate aggregated data and metrics on activity at a non-identifying level and so that we can identify trends in survey taking over time. Third parties and integrations. We will collect and use information from third parties and integration partners to facilitate Creators in sending surveys/forms/applications/questionnaires to you. Machine learning. We will use machine learning techniques on response data, metadata (as described above) and cookie data, in order to provide Creators with useful and relevant insights from the data they have collected using our services, to build features, improve our services, for fraud detection and to develop aggregated data products. You can read more about this in relation to surveys below. To manage our services we will also internally use your information and data, for the following limited purposes:To enforce our agreements where applicable;To prevent potentially illegal activities; andTo screen for and prevent undesirable or abusive activity. For example, we have automated systems that screen content for phishing activities, spam, and fraud.Aggregated use cases. In general survey responses are controlled and managed by the Creator (the person who sent or deployed that survey). But in limited instances SurveyMonkey may use data about Respondents in an aggregated, anonymous, or pseudonymous way.A Creator has some controls over how we use responses in their Account settings and may have turned off our ability to apply machine learning to responses where it is linked to a specific product feature in some cases. The data impacted by this section includes: Survey type, question type and responses (at an aggregated and anonymized/pseudonymized level only)Device dataLog data SurveyMonkey will use automated processes and machine learning, to analyze survey responses, which in turn helps us to : Aggregate response data and activity: We will do this so that we can identify trends, build product features that optimize responses, make product recommendations and provide guidance on which products and services work best in different scenarios. For an example of this check out how SurveyMonkey Genius works here . Extract and analyze usage patterns: By understanding Respondent interaction in different types of surveys we can: improve our services and ease of use: for example, we might identify when respondents prefer multiple choice versus open text questions and make predictive response suggestions when certain question types are selected. We might also use this data to help improve analysis of responses,undertake personalization for survey Creators and Respondents (for example by customizing the page on our website which a Respondent sees at the end of a survey - See more about Customizing Survey End Page here ). If a Respondent does not want to be included in this personalization they can clear the cookies in their browser settings after taking a survey , improve user experience (for example, by collecting and using device and browser information from Respondents to improve how our survey service operates on those devices and in those browsers), andidentify insightful data trends (which never identify any individuals). Legal Obligation To respond to legal requests or prevent fraud, we may need to disclose any information or data we hold about you. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond. 3.3 Visitor We process personal data about you where:You have consented or;We have a legitimate interest to:improve the service experience; anddevelop new products and service features. In each of the instances where we describe how we use your data in this Privacy Notice, we have identified which of these grounds for processing we are relying upon. Consent When you have consented, we collect and use the following information about you: Contact Information. We use contact information to respond to your inquiries or send you information about our services, either where you have agreed to this at the point of providing your information or where you operate in a business which may be interested in our services and for as long as you do not opt-out. Examples We provide your email address to a member of our sales team who will contact you if you submitted an inquiry through one of the online forms on our site. You will also receive marketing communications from us if you have consented to this at the point where you provided your information or alternatively where your business may otherwise find the information about related services of interest. We will always provide you with the means to opt-out of this marketing at any time. Cookies and similar technology. We or third party data and advertising platforms that we work with may use or combine multiple technologies, such as cookies, page tags, mobile identifiers and IP addresses to infer users’ common identities across different services and multiple devices such as tablets, browsers, and mobile phones. We may do so, for instance, to tailor ads to users, to enable us to determine the success of our advertising campaigns and to improve upon them. These third party data and advertising platforms may sometimes use data that we provide to them in order to improve their technologies and their ability to match common devices to users. Examples To personalize marketing campaigns run through third party advertisers and help SurveyMonkey measure online advertising success and to deliver ads for our services based on user preferences. See our Cookies section . If you do not want SurveyMonkey to use this information to serve you targeted ads about our services, you may indicate your preferences at https://www.aboutads.info , https://preferences-mgr.truste.com/ or, if you are located in the European Union, at https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ . You may continue to receive ads over the internet that are not based on information you provided to SurveyMonkey. Legitimate Interest We also carry out the following processing for legitimate business interests pursued by us. We have undertaken to ensure that we place clear limitations on each of these uses so that your privacy is respected and only the information necessary to achieve these legitimate aims is used.Our primary goal is to improve upon and make sure our services and messaging are relevant for all our users, while also ensuring that personal information of all users is respected and protected. User Profiles. We combine information about you from third party sources with information we hold about you to create a user profile, which will help us to make our sales and marketing efforts more relevant to you and to personalize and improve our marketing/sales campaigns and website experience. Machine learning. We use machine learning techniques on certain data in order to optimize our marketing campaigns. Device data. We use device data both to troubleshoot problems with our service and to make improvements to it. We also infer your geographic location based on your IP address. Some examples relevant to you: Examples We collect device and browser information from you to troubleshoot website functionality issues and to fix bugs. How you use our services. We use information about how you have interacted with our websites to improve our website services for you and all users. Some examples relevant to you: Examples We collect information about the webpages you have visited and your activity on our sites at an aggregate level. We collect this information so that we can track the most visited and most useful parts of our website to identify what are our most popular services. Log data. We use log data for many different business purposes including the following: To monitor abuse and troubleshoot;To track your preferences and create new services, features, content or make recommendations personalized for you;To track behavior at the aggregate/anonymous level to identify and understand trends in the various interactions with our services; andTo fix bugs and troubleshoot product functionality.Examples Your browser type to determine how we can present our website best within that browser environment. Referral information. We use referral information to track the success of our integrations and referral processes. Examples If you clicked on an advertisement for one of our brands, presented by one of our partners on the web, which brought you to one of our websites, we will record this information to help us track the success of advertising campaigns To manage our services, we will also internally use your information and data, for the following limited purposes:To enforce our agreements where applicable;To prevent potentially illegal activities; andTo screen for and prevent undesirable or abusive activity. For example, we have automated systems that screen content for phishing activities, spam, and fraud.Legal obligation. To respond to legal requests or prevent fraud, we may need to disclose any information or data we hold about you. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond. In some cases, as a former website visitor, we may not have any personal information about you (for example if you have not interacted with our site or have cleared your cookies). 4. How we share or disclose Personal Data Information you share Many of our services let you share information with others. Remember that when you share information publicly, it can be indexable by search engines. Our services provide you with different options on sharing and deleting your content but we cannot delete content from search engines so you need to be careful about information you make public. Information we share We do not share your information or data with third parties outside SurveyMonkey except in the following limited circumstances: If you are a Creator that is part of a SurveyMonkey team plan or SurveyMonkey Enterprise plan, your account information and data will be shared with the primary administrator(s) and your survey data may also be visible to other members in your team with whom you share your surveys or with whom you collaborate. Your administrator(s) will be able to view your account data, change your passwords, suspend, transfer or terminate your account or restrict your settings. Please refer to your organization’s internal policies if you have questions about this. If your organization has purchased a SurveyMonkey Enterprise account and you are using an email address on a domain owned by your employer or organization linked to your individual account, you may be asked to migrate to the SurveyMonkey Enterprise Account and your email address, name and account data will subsequently be visible to the primary administrator(s) for that account once you have been migrated. You may be notified in advance of this migration and given an opportunity to change the email address linked to your account if you are not using your account for business purposes.To help us provide certain aspects of our services we use our affiliates and trusted key partners – in particular, we engage third parties to:facilitate our collectors for sending surveys by email or text to Respondents. For email delivery, we use SparkPost and for text/SMS services we use Twilio . We share the relevant contact information for respondents (email address or phone number as applicable) with these third parties. facilitate customers in making payments .to detect fraud (to include, for example, performing identify checks or verify malicious IPs). deliver and help us track our marketing and advertising content.help us track website conversion success metrics.manage our sales and customer support services to you, including for resolving any disputes. We enter into confidentiality and data processing terms with partners to ensure they comply with high levels of confidentiality and best practices in privacy and security standards and we regularly review these standards and practices. You can find more information in our Subprocessor Statement . 5. Data Retention If you are a Creator, we generally do not delete the data in your account as long as your account is active – you are responsible for and control the time periods for which you retain this data. You can read about this here for account use. Here are some exceptions: If you are a SurveyMonkey Basic (free) user on our platforms and you have not engaged with the service actively for some time, we reserve the right to delete your account and data in accordance with our data retention policy. If you have exceeded your response limit as a SurveyMonkey Basic (free) account holder, we will delete the overages if you do not upgrade within a fixed timeframe. We also encourage Creators to actively review their data retention practices in their account and take care to retain data only as long as is strictly necessary. We also describe the expiry periods for cookies on our websites in our Cookies Notice . 6. Personalized marketing and cookies We and our partners use cookies and similar technologies on our websites. For more information see our Cookies Notice . For information about cookies used in our surveys please see Cookies used on Survey Pages . If you are a customer of SurveyMonkey and separately use cookies or similar technologies in conjunction with any of our products and services, then you yourself will be responsible for complying with any laws related to the use of those technologies and this Privacy Notice is not applicable to that use by you. You can also choose to remove or disable cookies via your browser settings and, depending on your geographic location you can withdraw consent to non-essential cookies using the in-product cookie preferences tool. You can opt-out from direct marketing in your account and we provide opt-out options in all direct marketing emails. Finally, if you do not wish to see personalized marketing content on the web related to our service you can clear the cookies in your browser settings. See our Help Center article on how to do this here . 7. Security We have a security statement related to our self-serve businesses (Momentive, SurveyMonkey and Wufoo) available to view here . For information about security related to our other business lines you can speak to a sales representative by completing the form here . 8. Minors Our services are not intended for and may not be used by minors. “ Minors” are individuals under the age of 16 (or under a higher age as provided in certain countries or territories). SurveyMonkey does not knowingly collect personal data from Minors or allow them to register. If it comes to our attention that we have collected personal data from a Minor, we may delete this information without notice. If you have reason to believe that this has occurred, please contact customer support. 9. Data Transfers Your information and data may be processed in and transferred or disclosed in the United States and countries in which our affiliates are located and in which our service providers are located or have servers. You can view a list of these locations in our EU Data Transfer Statement . We ensure that the recipient of your Personal Data offers an adequate level of protection, for instance by entering into the appropriate back-to-back agreements with standard contractual clauses or other transfer mechanisms as approved by the European Commission or relevant data protection authority. We have also provided a help article which answers some additional questions about data transfers to the US. EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield. SurveyMonkey Inc. participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield.SurveyMonkey is committed to subjecting all personal information received from the European Union (EU) member countries, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List see https://www.privacyshield.gov/ . SurveyMonkey also complies with the onward transfer liability provisions of the Privacy Shield Principles. When SurveyMonkey receives personal information under the Privacy Shield and then transfers it to a third-party service provider acting as agent on SurveyMonkey's behalf, SurveyMonkey has certain liability under the Privacy Shield if both (i) the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield and (ii) SurveyMonkey is responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. In certain situations, SurveyMonkey may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, SurveyMonkey is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. Please contact SurveyMonkey as described in Section 14 below if you have any concerns or complaints of any nature. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider, (free of charge) at https://www.jamsadr.com/file-an-eu-us-privacy-shield-claim . Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint , you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. 10. Who is my data controller? If you have provided survey responses, filled out a form, submitted an application, or provided website feedback to a Creator using SurveyMonkey services, that Creator is the controller of your data, and SurveyMonkey is the processor of that data. For SurveyMonkey Enterprise account holders, your organization’s primary administrator controls some basic account level information which you input when setting up your account like name, email address and profile photo. If you have provided survey responses, filled out a form, submitted an application, or provided website feedback directly to SurveyMonkey, then SurveyMonkey is the controller and our use of that data is described in our SurveyMonkey Research Privacy Notice . SurveyMonkey can be a data controller of data about Respondents only in the very limited ways described in the section here called “ How we use the information we collect - Respondent ”. To the extent that is the case we have identified the correct controller below. SurveyMonkey is a controller for the account-level data provided by its Creators and panelists from Contribute and Rewards. 11. Your rights You may wish to exercise a right to obtain information about yourself or to correct, update or delete that information. For more information about these rights you can read about it here . Some of these rights may be subject to some exceptions or limitations in local law. Please note your rights and choices vary depending upon your location. We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and we will respond to your request to exercise these rights within a reasonable time (and in all cases within 30 days of receiving a request) subject to the below for specific categories of person. Apply Applicants For SurveyMonkey Apply users please see information on how to exercise your rights here . Creator Where you hold an account with any SurveyMonkey service, you are entitled to a copy of all personal data which we hold in relation to you. You also may be entitled to request that we restrict how we use your data or object to some aspect of our treatment of your data. You can access a lot of your data in your own account when you log in. If you want to exercise your rights, please contact us here . Depending on your plan type, SurveyMonkey also enables you to export your own response data from our system in a variety of formats so that you can back it up or use it with other applications. Alternatively, for assistance in exporting you can contact us. Respondent Where you have responded to a survey, form, questionnaire or application sent to you by a Creator using a SurveyMonkey service, you will need to reach out directly to that individual or organization to discuss managing, deleting, accessing, restricting access to or otherwise withdrawing consent for use of the information which you provided to them in your responses.SurveyMonkey does not control your response data and, accordingly, is not in a position to directly handle these requests in relation to that data. If you are having difficulties finding this Creator or if you have any other questions after reading this Privacy Notice, you can contact us through our support team and we will try our best to help you. Panelist If you have created a Rewards or Contribute account with us, you can request a copy of your Personal Data, delete your Personal Data, or correct it. Visitor Where you have visited our website and you want to exercise any of the above rights please contact our support team here . Alternatively, if your request is for the right to be forgotten as it relates only to our use of cookies you can achieve this by clearing the cookies in your browser settings. See our Help Center article describing how to do this here . Third Party Agents If you are a third party organization acting on behalf of a data subject (or class of data subjects) to exercise data subject rights, we do work with you. In this case:We ask you to follow our process outlined in this Privacy Notice for security reasons so that we can independently verify the Creator (if it is a Creator) making any requests to exercise their rights.Where applicable, we directly interact with a Creator’s registered email address, because we authenticate users with username and unique password and not with other identifying information (e.g. photo ID or similar). Please do not share other forms of personal identification for data subjects with us when submitting requests. Other rights and choices For rights and choices specific to US consumers, please refer to our Region Specific Privacy Notice . Please note we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of your request as described in that Notice. Except as explicitly provided herein, please use the following contact information for privacy inquiries SurveyMonkey Inc.1 Curiosity WaySan Mateo, California 94403United StatesOr contact us here . SurveyMonkey Europe UC2 Shelbourne Buildings,Second Floor,Shelbourne RdBallsbridge,Dublin 4,IrelandOr contact us here . Data Protection Officer : SurveyMonkey's Data Protection Officer is registered with the Irish Data Protection Commission. Contact our DPO at dpo@surveymonkey.com.Note that our contact form is the best way to make a rights request with us. Complaints If you are a resident in the European Union and you are dissatisfied with how we have managed a complaint you have submitted to us, you are entitled to contact your local data protection supervisory authority. As SurveyMonkey Europe UC operates its business in Ireland, it operates under the remit of the Irish Office of the Data Protection Commissioner (see: IDPC Website ). 12. Changes to our Privacy Notice We can make changes to the Privacy Basics and this Privacy Notice from time to time. We will identify the changes we have made on this page . In circumstances where a change will materially change the way in which we collect or use your personal information or data, we will send a notice of this change to all of our account holders. 13. Information specific to other services ALTHOUGH THIS NOTICE APPLIES TO ALL OUR SERVICES, IF YOU ARE USING THE BELOW SERVICES PLEASE CLICK ON THE RELEVANT LINK TO BRING YOU DIRECTLY TO SERVICE SPECIFIC INFORMATION: Copyright © 1999-2023 SurveyMonkeyPrivacy Policy Effective August 11, 2020 Our Privacy Policy has been updated. Your Privacy Matters LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared. This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users choices about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy , Settings and our Help Center. Choices Settings are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls. Learn More . Table of Contents Introduction We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-members (“Visitors”). We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Services This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services. This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, LinkedIn Learning and other LinkedIn-related sites, apps, communications and services (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our California Privacy Disclosure . Data Controllers and Contracting Parties If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services. If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with, our Services. As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates. Change Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.” LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may close your account. You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date. 1. Data We Collect 1.1 Data You Provide To Us You provide data to create an account with us. Registration To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information. You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services). Profile You have choices about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo, city or area and endorsements. You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include sensitive information on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available. You give other data to us, such as by syncing your address book or calendar. Posting and Uploading We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary ), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.If you opt to import your address book, we receive your contacts (including contact information your service provider(s) or app automatically added to your address book when you communicated with addresses or numbers not already in your list). If you sync your contacts or calendars with our Services, we will collect your address book and calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts. You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services. 1.2 Data From Others Others may post or write about you. Content and News You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of mentions in the news . Others may sync their contacts or calendar with our Services Contact and Calendar Information We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their contacts or calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles. Customers and partners may provide data to us. Partners We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data. Related Companies and Other Services We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our affiliates , including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services 1.3 Service Use We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps. We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies, device information and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use. 1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies We collect data through cookies and similar technologies. As further described in our Cookie Policy , we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness. Learn more . You can opt out from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors, the controls are here . 1.5 Your Device and Location We receive data through cookies and similar technologies When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location. 1.6 Messages If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that. We collect information about you when you send, receive, or engage with messages in connection with our Services. For example, if you get a LinkedIn connection request, we track whether you have acted on it and will send you reminders.We also use automatic scanning technology on messages to support and protect our site. For example, we use this technology to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or Professional Community Policies from our Services. 1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you. Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “ Company Page ” administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products. 1.8 Sites and Services of Others We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or some of our plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account. We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies. 1.9 Other We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data. Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy. Affiliates Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation. 2. How We Use Your Data We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services. How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your settings . We use the data that we have about you to provide and personalize our Services, including with the help of automated systems and inferences we make, so that our Services (including ads) can be more relevant and useful to you and others. 2.1 Services Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive. We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings. Stay Connected Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their settings , when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities. We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event). It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can choose whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections. Visitors have choices about how we use their data. Stay Informed Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity.So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your settings , we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a social action , used a feature, made new connections or were mentioned in the news . Career Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a specific task ) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs or mentees, show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are interested in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services. Productivity Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your settings allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps. Learn more . 2.2 Premium Services Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content through social We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you opt-out . We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include TeamLink and Elevate (social promotion of content). 2.3 Communications We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages. We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication preferences at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices. We also enable communications between you and others through our Services, including for example invitations , InMail , groups and messages between connections. 2.4 Advertising We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services.We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing other ads. We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined: Data from advertising technologies on and off our Services, pixels, ad tags, cookies, and device identifiers;Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections, groups participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3; Information from advertising partners , vendors and publishers ; andInformation inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member). We will show you ads called sponsored content which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your settings , if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown. Ad Choices We adhere to self-regulatory principles for interest-based advertising and participate in industry opt-outs from such ads. This does not opt you out of receiving advertising; you will continue to get other ads by advertisers not listed with these self regulatory tools. You can also opt-out specifically from our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. For Visitors, the setting is here . Info to Ad Providers We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. In such instances, we seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so. 2.5 Marketing We promote our Services to you and others. In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services. 2.6 Developing Services and Research We develop our Services and conduct research Service Development We use data, including public feedback, to conduct research and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity. Other Research We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these jobs and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under controls that are designed to protect your privacy. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data. Surveys Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may opt-out of survey invitations. 2.7 Customer Support We use data to help you and fix problems. We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You We use data to generate insights that do not identify you. We use your data to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on, or to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights. 2.9 Security and Investigations We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations. We use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of our User Agreement and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors or others. Social Action E.g. like, comment, follow, share Partners Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others 3. How We Share Information 3.1 Our Services Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings. Profile Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your settings , it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third- party search engines). As detailed in our Help Center , your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their usage of our Services , access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile. Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments. When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your settings ). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).In a group , posts are visible to others in the group. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your settings . Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by it and others who visit those pages.When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your settings where applicable. Subject to your settings , we let a Member know when you view their profile.When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it). Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages. Enterprise Accounts Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services. Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services). Subject to your settings , when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services. 3.2 Communication Archival Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service. Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.3.3 Others’ Services Subject to your settings , other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may revoke the link with such accounts. Subject to your settings , excerpts from your profile will appear on the services of others (e.g., search engine results, mail and calendar applications that show a user limited profile data of the person they are meeting or messaging, social media aggregators , talent and lead managers). “Old” profile information remains on these services until they update their data cache with changes you made to your profile. 3.4 Related Services We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities. We will share your personal data with our affiliates to provide and develop our Services. We may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history. 3.5 Service Providers We may use others to help us with our Services. We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, marketing and development). They will have access to your information as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. 3.6 Legal Disclosures We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others. It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our Data Request Guidelines and Transparency Report . 3.7 Change in Control or Sale We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise. 4. Your Choices & Obligations 4.1 Data Retention We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open. We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form. 4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared. We provide many choices about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your profile and controlling the visibility of your posts to advertising opt-outs and communication controls. We offer you settings to control and manage the personal data we have about you.For personal data that we have about you, you can: Delete Data: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).Change or Correct Data: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held). Right to Access and/or Take Your Data: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form. Visitors can learn more about how to make these requests here . You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws. Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have additional rights under their laws. 4.3 Account Closure We keep some of your data even after you close your account. If you choose to close your Linkedin account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below. We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have restricted your account for breach of our Professional Community Policies ), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed. Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search engine results) until they refresh their cache. 5. Other Important Information 5.1. Security We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services. We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our Safety Center for additional information about safely using our Services, including two-factor authentication . 5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers We store and use your data outside your country. We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders. Learn more . Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country. 5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings. We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent(where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.” Learn more . Where we rely on your consent to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object. Learn More . If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer here . 5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals. We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission. Learn more about this and about our response to “do not track” signals. 5.5. Contact Information You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints. If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first contact LinkedIn online.You can also reach us by physical mail . If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more options . Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may also have the right to contact our Data Protection Officer here . If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more options under their laws. Consent Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. LinkedIn © 2023 English (English) LanguageHubSpot Privacy Policy Last Modified: May 5, 2023 We at HubSpot and our affiliates are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to the personal information and data collected by HubSpot when you interact with our websites, product and services, and any other sites or services that link to this Privacy Policy. This includes when you: - interact with us on our websites or through other channels (for example, by communicating with us or attending one of our events);- use our product and services (including the HubSpot Subscription Service); and - when you use any other sites or services that link to this Privacy Policy (for example our other brands such as the Hustle or Trends). This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, receive, use, store, share, transfer, and process your Personal Data. It also describes your choices and rights with respect to your Personal Data, including your rights of access and correction of your Personal Data. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy "Personal Data" means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, you should not use our websites, product and services, or any other sites or services that link to this Privacy Policy. HubSpot customers may collect and manage Personal Data when using our product and services, or what we may refer to as the Subscription Service . "Subscription Service" is defined in the HubSpot Customer Terms of Service and means all of our web-based applications, tools and platforms that you have subscribed to under an Order Form or that we otherwise make available to you, and are developed, operated, and maintained by us, accessible via https://app.hubspot.com or another designated URL, and any ancillary products and services, including website hosting, that we provide to you. When you use the Subscription Service, HubSpot processes Personal Data as a processor under the direction of our customers. Our customers, as data controllers, are responsible for complying with any regulations or laws that require providing notice, disclosure, and/or obtaining consent prior to collecting their customers’ Personal Data using the Subscription Service. Please see Section 1.b "Information We Process on Behalf of our Customers When They Use the Subscription Service" and Section 1.c "Information We Collect and Process When You Use the Subscription Service" as well as our Customer Data Processing Agreement for more information. We update this Privacy Policy from time to time and we encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are material, we will provide a more prominent notice by sending you an email notification, or if you subscribe to our HubSpot product and services, through the Notification app in your HubSpot account. Terms not otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy will have the meaning as set forth in the HubSpot Customer Terms of Service. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or to exercise the privacy rights and choices we offer please contact us as follows: - for HubSpot, including our websites and product or services, please use this form (or use this URL https://preferences.hubspot.com/privacy); - for the Hustle and Trends please contact us at privacy@thehustle.co ; or- for all HubSpot brands (including the Hustle and Trends) write to us by mail at HubSpot, Inc., Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141 USA, Attn: Privacy and Data Protection Officer. How We Store and Secure Personal Data California Privacy Rights . What Information We Collect and Process a. Information You Provide to HubSpot When you interact with us via our websites or any sites or services that link to this Privacy Policy (including theHustle.co and Trends.co) or use the Subscription Service, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you, as further described below. When You Visit Our Websites We collect Personal Data from you when you submit web forms or interact with our websites, for example by subscribing to a HubSpot blog, signing up for a webinar, subscribing to one of our services or requesting customer support. We may ask for your email address, first and last name, job title, and other similar business information. You are free to explore some of our websites without providing any Personal Data about yourself. INBOUND and Other Event Information When you register for INBOUND or a HubSpot event, we collect information such as name, address, phone number, and email address. We use this information to communicate with you and in some cases facilitate your registration.Additionally, we may share your registration data with service providers of INBOUND in order to provide event information and improve your experience at INBOUND or future HubSpot events. Account and User Information We collect Personal Data when you sign-up for a HubSpot account, create or modify user information, set preferences, or provide any other related information to access or utilize our Subscription Service. Payment Information We collect payment and billing information when you register for paid products or services. For example, we may ask you to provide a billing address, or a billing contact for your HubSpot account. If you give us payment information, we use it solely as authorized by you in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You may also provide payment information, such as a credit card number or bank account numbers, when purchasing products or services. We use secure third-party payment service providers to manage payment processing, which is collected through a secure payment process. Customer Testimonials We post customer testimonials and comments on our websites, which may contain Personal Data. We obtain each customer's consent via email or through other agreements between customers and HubSpot prior to posting the customer's name and testimonial. b. Information We Process on Behalf of Customers When they Use the Subscription Service Our product, or the Subscription Service, allows our customers to create and share marketing, sales and customer service content. When customers use our product, they may collect Personal Data such as first and last name, email address, physical address, phone number, or other information about you. We call the information that our customers submit or collect via the product ‘Customer Data’ under our Customer Terms of Service . We do not control the content of our customers' webpages or the types of Personal Data that our customers may choose to collect or manage using the Subscription Service. We store our customers' information on our service providers' servers but process it as a processor under our customers’ instructions and in accordance with our Customer Terms of Service , which prohibit us from using the information except as necessary to provide and improve the Subscription Service and as required by law. Our customers control and are responsible for correcting, deleting or updating the information they process using the Subscription Service and for complying with any regulations or laws that require providing notice, disclosure, and/or obtaining consent prior to transferring the Personal Data to HubSpot for processing purposes. c. Information We Collect and Process When You Use the Subscription Service Usage Data We collect usage data when you or your users in your HubSpot account interact with the Subscription Service. Usage data includes metrics and information regarding your use and interaction with the Subscription Service such as what product features you use the most, when an object (like a ticket) is opened and closed, and how often certain features (like workflows) are triggered in your account. We engage third party providers to collect usage data. For more information about how we protect your information with these service providers, please see Section 3 "How We Share Personal Data". Mobile When you access or use the Subscription Service via our mobile applications, we automatically collect information such as your device model and version, operating system, or device identifiers. Third Party Integrations You may connect third party integrations to your HubSpot account, which may ask for certain permissions to access data or send information to your HubSpot account. It is your responsibility to review any third party integrations you authorize. We may collect information about what types of integrations you use in your HubSpot account. Any permission(s) granted by you, grants these third parties access to your data, which may include (but is not limited to) granting third party applications access to view, store, and modify your HubSpot account data. We are not responsible for the practices of third party integrations, so please carefully review the permissions you grant to third party applications. For more information on integrations with third party providers, please see here. Gmail Integration If you use the Gmail integration or choose to integrate any other Google Workspace application with HubSpot, you will be asked to give us access to information from your Gmail or Google account.You can learn more about how we access this data here or via in-app notice when you connect to Gmail. By using the Gmail integration with the Subscription Service you will grant the Subscription Service access to information associated with your account, including contacts, emails, calendar, distribution lists, subject lines, and URLs of tracked links from your email, if you use the email tracking functionality. In addition, the Subscription Service will be able to read, modify, create, and send emails from your connected Gmail account. The Subscription Service will scan the content of your emails to identify which emails you have elected to track in order to provide you with the notifications feature. The Subscription Service will store replies, outgoing mail, email headers, subject line, distribution lists, aliases, time sent, and email bodies. Your email may contain sensitive information, such as names of your contacts, your private communications, or financial or medical information. You understand that the correspondences you track will be visible to other users on your Subscription team. If you connect your Gmail account via IMAP (or Generic Inbox Connection), the Subscription Service will have access only to email address, password, server information, email metadata, and message bodies. Additionally, connecting your Gmail account via IMAP does not require you to connect any other Google Workspace applications. Additional Limits on Use of Your Google User Data HubSpot's use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to the Google API Services User Data Policy , including the Limited Use requirements. Google Calendar Integration The Subscription Service will have access to both your Google Calendar and any other calendar you access via Google in order to power our Meetings tool, and allow you to associate events with contacts in your HubSpot account. The Subscription Service will have the ability to: create or change your calendars, and update individual calendar events. Google Drive Integration As part of connecting your Google Drive, the Subscription Service will be able to: see your files, upload and download your files, and store file contents and titles. The Subscription Service uses these permissions to power the features of our Composer and Collect tools, allowing you to create drafts of blog posts in Drive and then upload directly for publishing. Google Search Console You can integrate your Google Search Console with our Content Management System (CMS) and our Marketing Hub product. As part of this integration, the Subscription Service will be able to view, manage and store properties which include the list of sites and domains you control in HubSpot and the Search Console data for your connected properties. Chrome Extensions - Sales Extension: You can install the HubSpot Sales Chrome Extension to track Gmail and Google Workspace emails through your Chrome browser. The Extension can read and change all your data on the websites you visit and display notifications. It logs all emails from Gmail and can be used in conjunction with the Inbox Integration.- Collect Extension: The Collect Extension integrates with your Google Drive, allowing you to upload files and text directly from your Chrome Browser into your drive. These files will then be available for your use through the Google Drive integration. - Social Extension: The HubSpot Social Chrome Extension allows sharing of pages, text, and images from around the web with the HubSpot Social Composer tool. You are able to draft or schedule posts, assign campaigns, and then see posts on the Social Calendar tool or in Social Reports once published. The Social Extension is only accesses information about the current page, after its toolbar button is clicked, utilizing the permissions granted here . d. Information We Collect From Other Sources HubSpot Partners We may receive information about you or other users of your HubSpot account from our global network of partners. We may receive this data from our deal and lead registration process through our partners. We may also collect information about you through our partner co-marketing partnerships. For example, you may sign up to a webinar or download a white paper published by HubSpot and a HubSpot co-marketing partner. For more information about our co-marketing program and how we share data with our partners please see below and read about our co-marketing program here. Third Parties We may receive information from third party service providers, from related companies, and from our business and solution partners. Personal Data from Different Sources We may combine the personal information we collect from you with personal information we receive from other sources, such as third party providers of business information and publicly available sources (like social media platforms).This may include physical mail addresses, job titles, email addresses, phone numbers, IP addresses, and social media profiles. This helps us to update and improve our records, identify new customers, create more personalized advertising, suggest products and services that may interest you, deliver personalized communications and promote events. The collection of your Personal Data by these other third party providers is governed by the provider’s privacy policy. Log Files Like most websites and technology services delivered over the Internet, we automatically collect and store information about your computer hardware and software when you visit our websites, use our product and services, or visit other sites or services that link to this Privacy Policy. This information can include your IP address, browser type, domain names, internet service provider (ISP), and the files viewed on our websites (e.g., HTML pages, graphics, etc.), the files viewed on our, or our customer’s websites (if those websites are hosted on HubSpot e.g. HTML pages or, graphics etc), your operating system, access times and referring website addresses. When you use the Subscription Service, we collect and store the categories of information listed above in logs in the following instances, subject to the customer’s implementation settings: - When a HubSpot user logs into their account and accesses tools in the HubSpot Platform;- When an individual visits a customer’s website, if the website is hosted by the HubSpot product; or- When an individual visits a customer’s website, if the customer’s website is self-hosted, if the customer uses our plug-ins, and the customer uses HubSpot scripts and content (such as embedded forms). Buttons, tools, and content from other companies Our websites may include features and widgets (such as the share and/or "like" button or interactive mini-programs) that run on our websites. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. These features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our websites. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these features. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy and other policies of the companies providing them. We have implemented Google reCAPTCHA Enterprise on certain products and services to prevent malicious software from engaging in abusive activities on our websites. You can learn more about data collected by Google and what this data is used for in Google's Privacy Policy . Additional information on Google services and products is available in Google's Terms of Service . Other HubSpot Companies We may receive information about you from other companies that are owned or operated by HubSpot. . How We Use Personal Data a. To Communicate with You About the Product and Services We use the account information you provide to HubSpot when signing up for the Subscription Service and Trends services to send you transactional emails or in-app notification about billing, account management, and other administrative matters. We may also send you updates regarding our Customer Terms of Service or other legal agreements, and may also communicate with you about security incidents via email or in-app notification. We use your information to provide customer support, such as resolving technical issues you encounter and analyzing product outages or bugs. If you use the HubSpot mobile applications, we may send you push notifications from time to time in order to update you about events and promotions. If you no longer wish to receive such communications, you may turn them off at the device level. b. To Provide the Subscription Service We use your account information and Customer Data to provide the product and services to you. For example, we use the email address you provide when signing up for the product to create your user account, and we use your payment information to process payments for paid use of the Subscription Service. We also use this information to authenticate you when you log in and to provide customer support. c. To Improve and Develop Our Product and Services We collect usage data about how you or your users interact with our product and services. We use this data to develop and improve our products and services. For example, we use usage data to assess trends and usage across the product to help us determine what new features or integrations our users may be interested in. We use Customer Data in an anonymized manner for machine learning that supports certain product features and functionality with the Subscription Service. For example, machine learning helps power the business card scanner tool if you use our mobile apps and allows for easier imports of data into your HubSpot account.You may opt-out of having your Customer Data used for machine learning purposes by emailing privacy@hubspot.com We may publish data about how our product and services are being used across our customer base. When we share statistical information externally in this way, the data will be aggregated and we will not identify individual users or customers. For example, we may publish blog posts on trends or insights into how users are interacting with our product. d. To Secure and Protect our Product and HubSpot Users We use your account information to investigate and help prevent security incidents. We may also use this information to meet legal requirements. We use your information to verify user accounts, new product sign-ups, and to detect and prevent product abuse. This includes enforcing our Acceptable Use Policy. We use log files to provide general statistics regarding use of the websites by you, including how you use our websites, what country you are logging in from (for analytics, export control and regulatory purposes) and to help improve the navigation experience. Your IP addresses are also collected and logged for security and debugging purposes, for example to track access patterns, investigate security events and incidents. For these purposes we do link this automatically-collected data to other personal data provided by you such as name, email address, address, and phone number. e. To Market and Promote the Subscription Service We use the information you provide to HubSpot to market and promote the products, services, and other offerings. For example, we use the information, like your email or physical address, to send information or HubSpot content to you which we think may be of interest to you by post, email, or other means and send you marketing communications relating to our business. You may opt out of receiving this promotional content by following the instructions contained in each communication that we send to you or by contacting us at privacy@hubspot.com . If you unsubscribe from our marketing lists, we will continue to contact you regarding administrative matters, and to respond to your requests. We may also reach out to you via telephone to ask about other HubSpot products or services you may be interested in. If you have a call scheduled with a HubSpot representative, we may record and transcribe the call. You will be notified prior to the call that the call is being recorded, and you will be offered an opportunity to opt-out of having the call recorded. Where required by law, we will only send marketing communications with your consent. Otherwise, we will market and advertise our products and services on the basis of our legitimate business interests. We receive information from third party service providers and other sources such as third party providers of business information and publicly available sources. We may receive and use this information from these service providers and other sources in combination with other information we collect through other means described in this Privacy Policy for the purposes of providing you with updates and an improved Subscription Service, like personalized communications, event promotion, and tailoring the websites or product to improve user experience. f. Other purposes if we obtain your consent We share your data with third parties when you give us consent to do so. g. Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data (EEA and UK visitors only) If you are a website visitor located in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or United Kingdom ("UK"), HubSpot Ireland Limited is the data controller of your Personal Data. HubSpot's Data Protection Officer can be contacted here. Our legal basis for collecting and using the Personal Data described above will depend on the Personal Data concerned and the specific context in which we collect it. However, we will normally collect Personal Data from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the Personal Data to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect Personal Data from you. If we ask you to provide Personal Data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Data). Similarly, if we collect and use your Personal Data in reliance on our legitimate interests (or those of any third party), we will make clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are. . How We Share Personal Data a.Service Providers We may share Personal Data with our third party service providers to support our websites, products, and services. For example, we use service providers for data hosting, application development, marketing, sales support and customer support. We may need to share your information with service providers to provide information about products or services to you. Examples may include removing repetitive information from prospect lists, analyzing data or performing statistical analysis on your use of the Subscription Service or interactions on our websites, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, supplementing the information you provide us in order to provide you with better service, developing and improving the product and services, and providing customer service or support. These service providers are prohibited from using your Personal Data except for these purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. In all cases where we share your information in this way, we explicitly require the third party service providers to acknowledge and adhere to our privacy and data protection policies and standards. b. Partners We may share data with trusted HubSpot partners to contact you based on your request to receive such communications, help us perform statistical analysis, or provide sales support, or provide customer support. Partners are prohibited from using your Personal Data except for these purposes, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your data. We also partner with trusted third parties to provide you with co-marketing content that we think may be relevant to you. When you engage with these co-marketing partners, we will tell you who we are sharing data with, and provide a link to the co-marketing partner’s privacy policy so you can learn more about how to opt-out of the partner’s communications. These co-marketing partners are required to adhere to our privacy and data protection policies. For more information on our co-marketing program, see this page. c. Corporate Events If we (or our assets) are acquired by another company, whether by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or otherwise, that company would receive all information gathered by HubSpot on the websites and the Subscription Service. In this event, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website, of any change in ownership, uses of your Personal Data, and choices you may have regarding your Personal Data. d. Public Forums Our websites may offer publicly accessible message boards, blogs, and community forums (e.g. HubSpot Community). Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose any information through our public message boards, blogs, or forums (including profile information associated with the account you use to post the information) it may be read, collected and used by any member of the public who accesses these websites. Your posts and certain profile information may remain even after you terminate your account. We urge you to consider the sensitivity of any information you may disclose in this way. We will correct or delete any information you have posted on the websites if you so request, as described in Section 7 "Your Privacy Rights and Choices" below. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to and why. e. Compelled Disclosure We reserve the right to use or disclose your Personal Data if required by law or if we reasonably believe that use or disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or comply with a law, court order, or legal process. If you use the Subscription Service, Customer Data is considered Confidential Information and you should review the Confidentiality terms in the Customer Terms of Service for more information. HubSpot shares data about requests for customer information, to learn more see our Data Disclosure and Transparency Report . . How We Transfer Personal Data Internationally a. International Transfers within the HubSpot Group To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer information to other HubSpot Affiliates where we have operations for the purposes described in this policy. Please see Annex 3 of our Customer Data Processing Agreement for a list of HubSpot Affiliates and their locations. This Privacy Policy will apply even if we transfer Personal Data to other countries. We have taken appropriate safeguards to require that your Personal Data will remain protected wherever it is transferred.When we share Personal Data of individuals in the European Economic Area ("EEA"), Switzerland or the United Kingdom ("UK") within and among HubSpot’s Affiliates, we make use of the Standard Contractual Clauses (which have been approved by the European Commission) and the UK Addendum (as defined within our Customer Data Processing Agreement ) as well as additional safeguards where appropriate (such as commercial industry standard secure encryption methods to protect customer data at rest and in transit, TLS for HubSpot hosted sites, web application firewall protection, and other appropriate contractual and organizational measures), for more information please see here. We are also certified to the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Principles to help safeguard the transfer of information we collect from the EEA, Switzerland and UK. Please see our Privacy Shield notice below for more information. b. International transfers to third parties Some of the third parties described in this Privacy Policy, which provide services to us under contract, are based in other countries that may not have equivalent privacy and data protection laws to the country in which you reside. When we share Personal Data of individuals in the EEA, Switzerland or UK with third parties, we use a variety of legal mechanisms to safeguard the transfer including the European Commission-approved standard contractual clauses, as well as additional safeguards where appropriate. For transfers to or from the United Kingdom, we make use of the UK Addendum. For transfers to or from Canada, we make use of the standard contractual clauses. With respect to personal data received from or transferred to Canada, HubSpot is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada. Please contact us if you need more information about the legal mechanisms we rely on to transfer personal data outside the EEA, Switzerland, Canada, and UK. c. Privacy Shield Notice HubSpot does not rely on the EU-US Privacy Shield as a data transfer mechanism. However, HubSpot participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss–U.S. Privacy Shield Framework (collectively, "Privacy Shield Frameworks") regarding the collection, use, and retention of Personal Data of individuals in the European Union, Switzerland and UK. The following affiliated entities adhere to the Privacy Shield Principles: HubSpot Ireland Limited, HubSpot Germany GmbH, HubSpot France S.A.S, HubSpot UK Holdings Limited, HubSpot Canada Inc., HubSpot Australia Pty Ltd, HubSpot Asia Pte. Ltd., HubSpot Latin America S.A.S, and HubSpot Japan KK. HubSpot is committed to subjecting all Personal Data received from European Union (EU) member countries, Switzerland and the UK in accordance with the Privacy Shield Principles. Please note that we do not rely on the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield as a data transfer mechanism. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Principles, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List at https://www.privacyshield.gov. You may direct any inquiries or complaints related to our Privacy Shield compliance here. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concerns that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request. The Federal Trade Commission has jurisdiction over HubSpot’s compliance with the Privacy Shield. Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. In the context of an onward transfer, HubSpot is responsible for the processing of Personal Data it receives under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on our behalf. HubSpot shall remain liable under the Privacy Shield Principles if our agent processes your Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles, unless HubSpot is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. 5. How We Store and Secure Personal Data a. Data Storage and Security We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We secure the Personal Data you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. All Personal Data is protected using appropriate physical, technical and organizational measures. For more on Security at HubSpot, please see trust.hubspot.com . b. Retention of Personal Data How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information and how we collect and store it.After a reasonable period of time, we will either delete or anonymize your information or, if this is not possible, then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible. We retain Personal Data that you provide to us where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements). When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Data, we securely delete the information or anonymize it or, if this is not possible, securely store your Personal Data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. We will delete this information at an earlier date if you so request, as described in the section "Privacy Rights and Choices" below. If you have elected to receive marketing communications from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the date you last expressed interest in our content, products, or services, such as when you last opened an email from us or ceased using your HubSpot account. We retain information derived from cookies and other tracking technologies for a reasonable period of time from the date such information was created. The data our customers process in connection with the Subscription Service is retained according to the HubSpot Customer Terms of Service and Customer Data Processing Agreement . 6. Cookies and Similar Technologies a. Cookies When you visit our websites, sign up for a HubSpot account, attend a HubSpot virtual event, or request more information about HubSpot, we collect information automatically using tracking technologies, like cookies and tracking pixels. For more information, and to learn how to opt out, please refer to our Cookie Policies below. HubSpot and our partners use cookies or similar technologies (such as web beacons and JavaScript) to analyze trends, administer the website, monitor how visitors navigate around the websites, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. To find out more about how we use cookies on our websites and how to manage your cookie preferences please see: b. Advertising We partner with third party ad networks to display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and web beacons to collect information about your activities on this and other websites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by using these services: https://optout.networkadvertising.org/ or https://optout.aboutads.info/ (or if located in the European Union, by clicking here: http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising you will continue to receive generic ads. 7. Your Privacy Rights and Choices a. Personal Data Requests You have the following data protection rights: - Access, Correction or Deletion. You can request access, correction, updates or deletion of your Personal Data.- Objection. You can object to our processing of your Personal Data, ask us to restrict processing of your Personal Data or request portability of your Personal Data.- Withdraw Consent. If we have collected and processed your Personal Data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your Personal Data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. Complaint. You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. Contact details for data protection authorities in the EEA are available here . We do not sell personal information. To exercise any of these rights: - for HubSpot, including our websites and product or services, please use this form; - for the Hustle and Trends please contact us at privacy@thehustle.co ; or- for all HubSpot brands (including the Hustle and Trends) write to us by mail at HubSpot, Inc., Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141 USA, Attn: Privacy and Data Protection Officer. Please note that to protect personal information, we may verify your identity by a method appropriate to the type of request you are making. Depending on where you reside, you may be entitled to empower an “authorized agent” to submit requests on your behalf. We will require authorized agents to confirm their identity and authority, in accordance with applicable laws.You are entitled to exercise the rights described above free from discrimination. We will respond to your request to change, correct, or delete your data within a reasonable timeframe and notify you of the action we have taken. In some instances, your rights may be limited, such as where fulfilling your request would impair the rights of others, our ability to provide a service you have requested, or our ability to comply with our legal obligations and enforce our legal rights. If you are a customer, prospect, or otherwise interact with a HubSpot customer that uses our Subscription Service and would like to access, correct, amend or delete your data controlled by the customer, please contact the relevant customer directly. HubSpot acts as a processor for our customers and will work with our customers to fulfill these requests when applicable. b. Anti-Spam Policy Our Acceptable Use Policy applies to us and to our customers and, among other things, prohibits use of the Subscription Service to send unsolicited commercial email in violation of applicable laws, and requires the inclusion in every email sent using the Subscription Service of an "opt-out" mechanism and other required information. We require all of our customers to agree to adhere to the Acceptable Use Policy at all times, and any violations of the Acceptable Use Policy by a customer can result in immediate suspension or termination of the Subscription Service. c. To Unsubscribe From Our Communications You may unsubscribe from our marketing communications through one of the following methods: - by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of our e-mails;- updating your communication preferences;- for HubSpot, by contacting us here; - for the Hustle and Trends by contacting us at privacy@thehustle.co ; or- for all HubSpot brands (including the Hustle and Trends) write to us by mail at HubSpot, Inc., Two Canal Park, Cambridge, MA 02141 USA, Attn: Privacy and Data Protection Officer. Customers cannot opt out of receiving transactional emails related to their account with us or the Subscription Service. d. To Unsubscribe From Our Customers' Communications Our customers are solely responsible for their own marketing emails and other communications; we cannot unsubscribe you from their communications. Individuals who interact with a HubSpot customer can unsubscribe from our customers' marketing communications by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link located on the bottom of their emails, or by contacting them directly. 8. California Privacy Rights a. Applicability This section applies only to California consumers. For purposes of this section "Personal Information" has the meaning given in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). It describes how we collect, use, and share California consumers' Personal Information in our role as a business, and the rights applicable to such residents. The California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA") requires businesses to disclose whether they sell Personal Information. HubSpot is a business, and does not sell Personal Information. We may share Personal Information with authorized service providers or business partners who have agreed to our contractual limitations as to their retention, use, and disclosure of such Personal Information If you are unable to access this Privacy Policy due to a disability or any physical or mental impairment, please contact us and we will arrange to supply you with the information you need in an alternative format that you can access. b. How We Collect, Use, and Share your Personal Information We have collected the following statutory categories of Personal Information in the past twelve (12) months: - Identifiers, such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, and phone number. We collect this information directly from you or from third party sources. - Commercial information, such as subscription records. We collect this information directly from you. - Internet or network information, such as browsing and search history. We collect this information directly from your device. - Geolocation data, such as IP address. We collect this information from your device. - Financial information, such as Payment Information or financial account numbers in the process of providing you with a subscription. We collect this information from you. - Inferences. - Other Personal Information, in instances when you interact with us online, by phone or mail in the context of receiving help through our help desks or other support channels; participation in customer surveys or contests; or in providing the Subscription Service. The business and commercial purposes for which we collect this information are described in Section 2 of this Privacy Policy. The categories of third parties to whom we "disclose" this information for a business purpose are described in Section 3 of this Privacy Policy.The period of time for which we retain this information is described in Section 5 of this Privacy Policy. c. Your California Rights You have certain rights regarding the Personal Information we collect or maintain about you. Please note these rights are not absolute, and there may be cases when we decline your request as permitted by law. The right of access means that you have the right to request that we disclose what Personal Information we have collected, used and disclosed about you in the past 12 months. The right of deletion means that you have the right to request that we delete Personal Information collected or maintained by us, subject to certain exceptions. The right of correction means that you have the right to request that we correct any inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you. The right to non-discrimination means that you will not receive any discriminatory treatment when you exercise one of your privacy rights. HubSpot does not sell or share Personal Information to third parties (pursuant to California Civil Code §§ 1798.100–1798.199, also known as the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018). d. How to Exercise your California Rights You can exercise your rights yourself or you can alternatively designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. Please note that to protect your Personal Information, we will verify your identity by a method appropriate to the type of request you are making. We may also request that your authorized agent have written permission from you to make requests on your behalf, and we may also need to verify your authorized agent's identity to protect your Personal Information. Please use the contact details below, or see Section 7 "Your Privacy Rights and Choices" above, if you would like to: - Access this policy in an alternative format;- Exercise your rights;- Learn more about your rights or our privacy practices; or- Designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. 9. Data Protection Officer If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, or if you have a disability and need to access this notice in a different format: - for HubSpot contact us here; - for the Hustle and Trends please contact us at privacy@thehustle.co ; or You may also contact us by postal mail for all HubSpot brands at: Nicholas Knoop HubSpot, Inc.Two Canal ParkCambridge, MA 02141 USA 10. Other Important Privacy Information a. We Never Sell Personal Data We will never sell your Personal Data to any third party. b. Information About Children The websites, product and services are not intended for or targeted at children under 16, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect Personal Data about children under 16. If you believe that we have collected Personal Data about a child under 16, please contact us here , so that we may delete the information. c. Third Party Dispute Resolution If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request. BACK Facebook Instagram Youtube Twitter Linkedin Medium Tiktok Copyright © 2023 HubSpot, Inc.Glassdoor Privacy Policy Revised July 27, 2023 ( update summary and previous version ) This Privacy Policy (the “ Policy ”) applies to personal data Glassdoor processes when providing our services, including various Glassdoor websites, such as Glassdoor.com and Fishbowlapp.com , applications, ads, communications, and other instances where we link to this Policy (collectively “ services ”). Any term not defined in this Policy has the meaning set forth in our Terms of Use . As used in this Policy, the word “including” means “including but not limited to.” Glassdoor affiliates include Indeed and Indeed Flex. You can read more about our affiliates and our shared commitment to privacy at our Privacy Center . Personal Data We Process and How We Use It We process personal data in order to provide our services. The personal data we collect from and about you will vary depending on how you interact with our services. We also change our services from time to time, so your options for providing us with personal data may also change. You aren’t required to provide us with personal data. However, if you don’t share certain data with us, we may not be able to provide you with our services or respond to your requests. We May Collect the Following Categories of Personal Data Communications Activity Communications you’ve signed up for or received, interactions with communications (e.g., reading/opening communications, clicking links) service info downloaded, address book information, etc. Commercial information, personal identifiers, inferences, internet activity, Demographics Race/ethnicity, sexual orientation, disability, leading personality trait (e.g., introvert/extrovert), religion, marital status, parental status, veteran status. Special Category Data / Sensitive Personal InformationCharacteristics of protected classifications under state or federal lawHealth Data (disability status) Direct Messages Direct messages and associated Content Identifiers Job Applications Jobs you’ve applied to and associated interactions, including the resumes and other data you supply during the application process Special Category Data / Sensitive Personal InformationProfessional or employment-related information Job Interests & Activity Job preferences and your activity interacting with jobs (e.g. searching for or saving a job) Inferences, professional or employment-related information, Job Postings Your job postings on the services Professional or employment-related information Profile Information Name, email address, resume, current/past job title, picture, phone number, username, age, gender, work/education experience, social media, language, account settings, communications preferences, etc. Special Category Data / Sensitive Personal InformationCommercial information, education information, identifiers, Sales & Support History Purchase history, payment details, and other sales support interactions Sensitive Personal InformationCommercial information, identifiers, internet activity Security & Login Information Your login events, password changes, email changes, and device information (including IP address and associated inferred coarse location) Sensitive Personal InformationGeolocation, Identifiers, internet activity, inferences Service Activity Pages you viewed, Content or ads you interacted with, searches, groups you visited, log info, screen recordings, text entered, etc. Internet activity, inferences Submitted Content Employer reviews, salary reports, benefit reviews, interview reviews, photos, posts, comments, documents, audio, video, etc. submitted to the services Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information; professional or employment-related information User Support & Feedback Your support requests and feedback you provide us Commercial information, identifiers, How We May Use Personal Data Advertising (On & Off the Services) We may use your personal data to enable our advertising, advertising for our customers (including job and display ads), and sponsored Content. We may use personal data we collect from you, our affiliates, and third parties to personalize ads for our services as well as ads available on our services. We may also use data we collect via our services and third-party ad partners (including affiliates) to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your device(s) to serve you ads on and off of our services. Some of our ad partners may also enable us to collect similar data directly from their website or app by integrating our or our affiliates advertising technology.Personal data shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by us from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other data you share with us and that we receive, generate, or infer about you, as described in this Policy.If you respond to ads posted by third parties or submit data to third parties via the services, these third parties receive data about you subject to their respective privacy policies. Creating an Account & Profile You will need to create an account and provide personal data to access most of our services. In order to provide you with access to features across our services, we may create and link different service accounts for you.If you sign up or into our services with a third-party service, that service may share your personal data with us, such as your name and email address. You control the personal data you authorize to be shared with us via your third-party service accounts.When you set up an account on our services, we create a member “Profile” for you that includes the personal data you provide. We may update your Profile with data we obtain from third parties or extract from your resume. We may also use personal data you provide to us via our other services. We may attempt to verify your employment history or status through various methods, including third-party integrations or services. We may also utilize signals we may receive from your current or former employer. Portions of your Profile may be visible to other users and the public, depending on the services you use and the choices you make regarding your anonymity. We may also allow you to share your Profile with third parties or provide you with the ability to change your Profile’s visibility settings in certain circumstances. However, your Profile will not publicly include or link to Your Content submitted semi-/anonymously to our services. Communicating with Glassdoor & Affiliates We and our affiliates may send service-related and promotional communications to our users. We and our affiliates may also send promotional communications to prospective users and customers to inform them about our services. These communications may be via email, text message, calls, push notifications, direct messages, or otherwise. To opt out of receiving text messages, you must reply “STOP” from the device receiving the messages. To unsubscribe from emails, please use the unsubscribe or email settings link in the email(s) you receive. If you unsubscribe only from an individual type of email communication (e.g., a particular job alert), you may continue to receive other emails. We may also offer a settings function via our services to manage your email preferences. To turn off push notifications, use in-app and/or operating system settings on your device. Unless you choose to delete your account(s), you cannot unsubscribe from certain communications that are required as part of your use of our services (e.g., communications about changes to this Policy.)If you use our chat feature, we and our service providers may record your chats and keep transcripts. Communications with, or Initiated by, Third Parties We may allow users or customers to invite prospective users to our services. For example, we may allow them to invite prospective users to join a group, submit Content, or create an account. In order to do so, we may process the invitation’s contents and the invitee’s contact information. We may allow you to sync or upload a list of contacts in order to facilitate these communications. Communicating with Other Users We may offer users the ability to communicate with each other. Users you interact with can see what you send them; if you send a message, the recipient can read your message and potentially share it outside of our services. You should never share more information than you are comfortable with. Demographic Data We may allow you to provide us with your demographic data. You can also update or remove previously supplied demographic data. If you provide your demographic data, we will use it across our services, including to: Provide insights into wage discrepancies (e.g., showing gender and racial/ethnic wage gap disparities)Provide demographic-based analysis of jobs, companies, and Content (e.g., we may utilize demographic data to generate reports highlighting employers that best embrace diversity, support specific groups or rights, or minimize wage gaps.)Provide diversity, equity, and inclusion metrics and ratings (e.g., provide insights for users who want to learn more about diversity, equity, and inclusion with respect to specific industries or companies) Provide search and filtering features (e.g., providing users the ability to filter Content or companies based on certain employer qualities or employee experiences and demographic attributes.As users provide demographic data, their Content may be associated with aggregated categories, such as filtering for all the ethnicities for a particular company/industry/group. In some instances, particular Content may be directly tagged with user demographic attributes.)Enhance employer/employee diversity disclosures for our users and the public (e.g., we may allow employers to share internal demographic data, diversity program details, and testimonials from their own employees; we may provide opportunities for users and employees to engage in discussions regarding demographic-related topics) Personalize recommendations and ads for job ads and offerings (e.g., help companies enhance the visibility of their jobs for veterans) We take precautions to help prevent your demographic data from inadvertently revealing your identity on our services. For example, where there aren’t a sufficient number of user submissions, we may limit the visibility of certain demographic attributes to ensure we don’t inadvertently disclose sufficient information about a particular user’s personal attributes to make them identifiable. While we take your anonymity extremely seriously, and make our best efforts to ensure that demographic data doesn’t inadvertently lead to your identification, there are instances in which user identification or demographic data disclosure may occur. Users are free to self-identify in the Content they submit or in the communications they send.In order to provide a voice and agency to those who, regardless of the risks of identification, affirmatively wish to have their opinions and experiences heard, we may provide an option for users to opt into the disclosure of their demographic data in a manner and to an extent that may lead to loss of their anonymity.While we try our best to plan for all contingencies, we are not perfect. The preventative measures we take to protect your identity and our service’s technological performance may not always function the way we intend when combined with the complex realities of many millions of unique workplaces and lives into which we have limited, imperfect visibility. As we collect more personal data about our users that will be displayed publicly, there may be instances where the mechanisms we have designed to protect your anonymity aren’t perfect. It is never our intention that your identity be inadvertently revealed, and we take multiple steps to ensure this doesn’t occur. But, in the interests of transparency, we want to be sure you are fully aware of the potential risk of inadvertent identification. Individuals Featured in Content We allow users to submit Content that references other users and the public, provided that such Content complies with our Community Guidelines ( Glassdoor Community Guidelines and Fishbowl Community Guidelines ). We allow Content that names individuals in the highest positions in a company who have broad influence over the work environment, as long as the Content describes the individual’s behavior or performance at work. Individuals in this category include those who are the public face of the company (e.g., C-Suite, Executive Director, President, Owner, Founder). We believe this information is generally representative of a company’s culture and can be informative to job candidates and the public. We don’t allow Content that includes negative comments about identifiable individuals outside of this group. We may allow Content that mentions demographic attributes about an identifiable person if we believe the Content is used to describe a workplace situation. General discussions of workplace misconduct are allowed, including most discussions of illegal activities, discrimination, and sexual harassment. Researching & Applying to Jobs When you search for information on our services or the services of our affiliates, we may use your searches and other activities on and off our services (including activities conducted on our affiliates’ services or your interactions with ads) to personalize your experience and the jobs we show and recommend to you.We may provide you with the ability to submit job applications via our services. We work with our affiliates to provide this service. When you click the “apply” (or a similar) button to submit an application, your application is processed by our affiliates (subject to their respective privacy policies) and sent to the most appropriate contact information we and/or our affiliates have on file for that employer. Submitting & Interacting with Content We offer our users a variety of ways to submit and interact with Content. You should only submit Content to the services that you are comfortable sharing with others, including the public. Depending on the services you use, we may offer you different options for controlling how your personal data and identity are represented to other users, employers, and the public.Content submitted with semi-/anonymous identifiers such as your company name or job title is not associated with the publicly-visible portion of your Profile. When you submit conversational Content such as a post, comment, or question, you may be able to control how you represent yourself using different anonymity options. For example, when using some of our services, you can choose to submit Content with your company name, your job title, or your full name. When submitting other Content, such as reviews, you may be required to include certain personal data designated for public display, such as your employer, job title, and location. In some groups, we may allow you to interact with other users We may allow you to make your Profile visible to other members of the group so you can interact.We may allow group leaders to limit access to a group and approve new members. When you request access to a group, your Profile and any answers to member-approval questions may be shared with the leader(s) for that group. We endeavor to offer opportunities to use our services while preserving your anonymity. However, Glassdoor cannot guarantee your anonymity as, depending on your specific situation, the circumstances and information you disclose in your Content, and the semi-/anonymous identifiers you use may allow someone to identify you or narrow down your identity to a small group of people (e.g., employees in a particular department at your company). You should understand this risk before submitting Content to our services. We may offer you the ability to join live audio or video conversations. Your audio or video is processed if you choose to participate in the discussion, otherwise, your Profile is included in the listener’s section of the service. Some of the live audio/video events hosted on or through our services may be recorded. We may display some linked information in-line on our services via “embeds.” In general, we do not control how third-party services collect data when they serve you their information directly via these embeds. As a result, embedded information is not covered by this Policy but by the policies of the service from which the information is embedded. Advertising (on and off our services) Where personal data is used for behavioral or targeted advertising, and is shared with Advertising Partners & Ad Exchanges and Affiliates Where we and our affiliates use personal data collected via our services to personalize or target advertising on or off our services, Where we utilize cookies to provide advertising here consent to cookies is required Account & Profile Communications with Glassdoor and affiliates Communications with existing users and customers Communications with prospective users and customers When personal data is shared with Affiliates for the purposes of contacting prospective users and customers Service-related communications with existing users and customers, or prospective customers seeking our services Where we and/or our affiliates utilize cross-service data to personalize service and promotional communications; Communications with prospective customers not initially seeking our services in jurisdictions where opt-out communications are permitted Promotional communications with existing users and customers in jurisdictions where consent is required Communications With, Or Initiated By, Third Parties Communicating with other Users Content Moderation Customer Relationship Management Demographic Data Individuals Featured in Content Researching & Applying to Jobs Where we utilize your activities on our affiliates’ services to personalize your search results and recommendations Submitting Content User Relationship Management Notes regarding the table above: When we process your data for a specific purpose, we, our affiliates, and our partners may also process it to improve our respective services and/or conduct research.We use affiliated and unaffiliated service providers. Where we use an affiliate as a service provider, they are grouped under the applicable service provider category. Where we share data with them in a non-service provider capacity, we list them under the affiliate category.At Glassdoor, our mission is to help people everywhere find a job and company they love. One of the ways we do this is by sharing data with some of our affiliates who share our goals. Our affiliates are companies that are owned by the same parent company that owns Glassdoor. You can read more about our affiliates and our shared commitment to privacy at our Privacy Center . Under some laws, this type of data sharing may be considered a “sale”.“Sharing” data, as defined by applicable law, is also known as targeted or behavioral advertising. In some jurisdictions, we’re required to identify the legal basis for our processing activities. Performance of a Contract: Most of the personal data we use is to provide our services and is necessary for the performance of our agreements with you (including our Terms and this Policy), or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering such an agreement. Legitimate Interest: Some of the personal data we process is necessary for the purposes of legitimate interests pursued by us or one of our affiliates. This may include instances where we believe you have a reasonable expectation that we will perform a particular type of processing. We only rely on these grounds where a legitimate interests assessment has been performed, balancing the interests and rights involved with the necessity of the processing. Consent: In certain circumstances, we rely on your consent in order to process your personal data. Where we require your consent in order to collect and process certain personal data, we seek your consent at the time of data provision, and this processing will only be performed where consent is secured unless we have another lawful basis on which to rely. For example, depending on applicable laws in your country, your consent may be sought before we place certain types of cookies on your device. Compliance with a Legal Obligation: Sometimes it is necessary for us to process personal data in order to comply with a legal obligation, such as a law, regulation, legal process, or court order.Vital Interests: In certain, limited circumstances, we may rely on the vital interests of our users or the public in order to protect someone’s life. Other Instances When We May Disclose Your Data We may disclose data if we believe in good faith the disclosure is necessary in order to: Comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas, warrants, or legal processes served on us (though we reserve the right at our sole discretion to take action on behalf of our users and their possible right to anonymity when we believe there is a legitimate basis to do so)Enforce our Terms of Use, this Policy, and any other agreements we may have;Prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity;Act in a manner we otherwise deem necessary and is permitted by applicable laws to protect and defend the rights or property of us, the users of our services, or third parties; or Act as permitted under applicable laws to meet national security and similar requirements. We may also disclose personal data in a reorganization or sale of our company or assets, subject to the acquirer and its affiliates (as applicable) accepting the commitments made in this Policy and compliance with applicable law. Cookie Policy and Ad Choices Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored on your devices when you visit a page. We may use cookies, web beacons, mobile identifiers, and similar technologies (collectively “ cookies ”) to help us recognize you, enhance your user experience, understand usage of our services, and show you relevant advertising. The provision of your data via cookies is voluntary except for those cookies that we place on your device because we need them for the performance of our services. Cookies may also be set by other websites or services that provide information on the page you’re visiting. After you register on the services, we may connect data we collect from the cookies set by us and our partners with other data received from you. We use two types of cookies on our services: “session cookies” and “persistent cookies.” Session cookies are temporary cookies that remain on your device until you leave the services. A persistent cookie remains on your device for much longer or until you manually delete it (how long the cookie remains will depend on the duration or “lifetime” of the specific cookie and your browser settings). Cookies transmit data about you and your use of the services, such as your browser type, search preferences, job titles, data relating to advertisements that have been displayed to you or that you have clicked on, and the date and time of your use. Cookies may also allow us and our service providers to collect data about your use of our services, including text you enter, screen recordings of your mouse movements, and other interactions as you browse and use our services, even if you don’t have an account or Profile. We use four types of cookies: Strictly Necessary, Functional, Analytics, and Targeting. You can reference which specific cookies fall into each category by using the cookie settings tool in the footer or settings of our websites. Below are some examples of how we use cookies.Authentication We use cookies to help us determine whether or not you’ve signed in to the services and to keep you signed in during visits as you access different pages. Security We use cookies to enable and support security features, prevent fraud, and protect your data from unauthorized access. Preferences and Features We use cookies to enable features and help us provide you with personalized information, such as showing you your recent search activity. Advertising We use cookies to deliver, evaluate, and improve advertising, such as by using data about you to provide relevant advertising both on and off the services. Our ad partners may use a cookie to determine whether you’ve already been shown an advert or how it performed, or provide us with data about how you interacted with an ad. Analytics and Performance We use cookies to analyze how our visitors use the services and to monitor site performance. These cookies help us to identify and fix errors, understand and improve services, research and test out different features, and monitor how our visitors reach our sites. Targeting Cookies We may work with third parties (including our affiliates) to provide you with personalized and non-personalized advertising (collectively “ ad partners ”).We may use cookies (both on and off our services), which may include data from our ad partners, to help deliver ads to you.We work with third parties, such as Google Analytics, to enable analytics services that use the cookies set on your device to measure the performance of advertising and track traffic to our services generally. We may have also implemented Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, which categorizes cookie data so that we and our ad partners can better deliver ads that are relevant and useful to you on our services and various websites across the internet. In addition, a cookie on some of our affiliates, partners, or employer clients’ sites may provide us and/or our affiliates with aggregate data about the number of applications submitted to those sites by users of our services. Consenting to and Opting Out of Cookies As we describe in our cookie banner (for our users in jurisdictions where we display a cookie banner) and in our cookie settings tool (located in the footer or settings of our services’ websites), we use cookies that are strictly necessary for us to provide the services you use and you cannot opt out of these cookies on our services. By utilizing our cookie settings tool, you can reject all but Strictly Necessary cookies, or opt out of specific categories of cookies at any time (as described above and in the Tool). You’re also able to disable placement of some (but not all) cookies by setting your browser to decline cookies, though this may worsen your user experience. Additionally, you can control, manage, and/or delete cookies via your browser settings. A useful resource for information about deleting and controlling cookies can be found at Aboutcookies.org . If you enable location data for the mobile version of our services (including any version installed as an application), we may use your location data to serve you geo-targeted ads for employers and other advertisers that are local to you. We may also derive your general location based on your IP address. You may disable location services at any time in your device’s settings.On some of our services, we may respond to “do not track” signals and similar settings or mechanisms. You can also use third-party tools to manage the third-party cookies that may be used by our ad partners You can opt out of some third-party advertiser and ad-network placement of cookies or targeted advertising generally by visiting the following links: Network Advertising Initiative ; Digital Advertising Alliance ; European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (for users in the EU); The Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (for users in Canada); You will continue to receive generic ads by companies not associated with these opt-out tools. You can opt out of tracking by Google Analytics and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting services by visiting Google Ads Settings or by downloading the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on .Please note: If ads or other features on our services are provided by third parties, they set and use their own cookies that are subject to those third parties’ privacy notices and policies. We do not have access to, or control over, these cookies. Data Controller & International Transfers Data Controller Glassdoor, Inc. is the data controller for our services. Our main establishment in the EU is: Glassdoor Hiring Solutions Ireland Ltd.Our main establishment in the UK is: Glassdoor Global Ltd.International Transfers The data we process is hosted, controlled, and services are provided by Glassdoor, Inc., including, where applicable, outside of the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, and the UK, including in the United States. Your personal data may be transferred to or accessed by entities around the world, including Glassdoor-affiliated companies and our services providers, to perform processing activities such as those described in this Policy. Glassdoor complies with laws on the transfer of personal data between countries to help ensure your data is protected, wherever it may be. Glassdoor’s transfers of personal data collected in the European Economic Area, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland are governed by European Commission or UK Information Commissioner adequacy decisions about certain countries, as applicable, or the EU-US, Swiss-US, or UK Extension to the Data Privacy Framework, Standard Contractual Clauses , and/or UK International Data Transfer Agreements or Addendums . Glassdoor complies with the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (EU-U.S. DPF) and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF, and the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework (Swiss-U.S. DPF) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce. We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that Glassdoor adheres to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (EU-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from the European Union and the United Kingdom in reliance on the EU-U.S. DPF and the UK Extension to the EU-U.S. DPF. We have certified to the U.S. Department of Commerce that Glassdoor adheres to the Swiss-U.S. Data Privacy Framework Principles (Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles) with regard to the processing of personal data received from Switzerland in reliance on the Swiss-U.S. DPF. If there is any conflict between the terms in this Policy and the EU-U.S. DPF Principles and/or the Swiss-U.S. DPF Principles, the Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Data Privacy Framework (DPF) program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/ As a current participant, we are required to disclose the following information: Glassdoor shall remain liable under the Principles if our service providers process such personal data in a manner inconsistent with the Principles unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Data Privacy Frameworks, Glassdoor is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, Glassdoor may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern related to our participation in the Data Privacy Framework that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider at feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request . You may also have the right to invoke binding arbitration . Additional Information About Our Data Practices Anonymized, Aggregate, and De-Identified Data We may anonymize, aggregate, and/or otherwise de-identify your data and subsequently use and/or disclose such data for the purpose of research, improving our services, or for another business purpose authorized by applicable law, provided that we have implemented technical safeguards and business processes designed to prevent the re-identification or inadvertent release of anonymized, aggregate, or de-identified data. Automated Decision-Making We do not use algorithms or profiling to make any decision that would have a significant legal effect on you without the opportunity for human review. How Long We Keep Your Personal Data We keep your personal data only so long as we need it to provide or offer our services to you and fulfill the purposes described in this Policy. This is also the case for any party that we share your personal data with and which carries out services on our behalf. Retention periods can vary significantly based on the type of data and how it is used. Our retention periods are based on criteria that include legally mandated retention periods, pending or potential litigation, our intellectual property or ownership rights, contract requirements, operational directives or needs, the expected lifetime of our users’ use of our services, and historical archiving. When we no longer need to use your personal data and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements, we’ll either remove it from our systems or, anonymize, aggregate, or de-identify it so that we can’t identify you.Privacy of Minors To access or use our services, you must be at least 18 years of age or, if older, the age of majority in your jurisdiction, otherwise you may not use the services. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal data without parental consent, please contact us. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal data without parental consent, we remove such data and terminate the child’s account (except where we are required to retain all or a portion of such data for compliance purposes). Therefore, we do not “sell” or “share” data (as defined by applicable law) belonging to minors. Security Safeguards We employ physical, electronic, and managerial measures to safeguard the data we collect online. However, no company can fully eliminate security risks, so we cannot make guarantees about any part of our services. You are responsible for keeping your username and password secret. Once you have registered with us, we will never ask you for your password. Please create a unique password for your account and do not use it for any other web services or applications. Do not share your password with anyone else. Controlling Your Personal Data If you would like to access/download, delete, rectify/update, ask a question about, or withdraw consent regarding your data, please submit your request through our automated, self-service system . Upon submission, you will receive an email with a link to verify your identity via your registered email address. User Content: To learn how to edit/remove your user Content on Glassdoor-branded services, visit our FAQ . If you would like to delete individual Content on Fishbowl-branded services, please contact us via the contact method found at the bottom of this Policy.You can also update your account info via the settings page in the app or web experience. Please contact us using the form above if you have issues. On some of our services, you can deactivate your account within the application or web settings page.Communications: To opt out of receiving text messages, you must reply “STOP” from the device receiving the messages. To unsubscribe from non-service-related emails, please use the unsubscribe or email settings link in the email(s) you receive. If you unsubscribe only from an individual type of email communication (e.g., a particular job alert), you may continue to receive other emails. We may also offer a settings function via our services to manage your email preferences. To turn off push notifications, use in-app and/or operating system settings on your device. Unless you choose to delete your account(s), you cannot unsubscribe from certain communications that are required as part of your use of our services (e.g., communications about changes to this Policy.) To request that we do not “sell” or “share” your data (as defined by applicable law), please utilize our opt-out mechanism. We also respond to Global Privacy Control (GPC) signals when received via Glassdoor-branded domains. As no sale or sharing of your data occurs via non-Glassdoor-branded domains, our other domains do not currently respond to GPC signals, but you are still free to utilize the opt-out mechanism above. Authorized agents can utilize the same processes as described above when making a request on behalf of a user; we will still require the user to authenticate their request. Glassdoor does not discriminate against any user for exercising their privacy rights.If you are unsatisfied with our response to your request, please use the contact information found at the bottom of this Policy to appeal. We will follow the same processes and policies as we do for the initial request, including verifying your identity and the nature of your request. In some jurisdictions, you may also have the right to file a complaint with the relevant regulatory authorities or in a court of competent jurisdiction. Metrics for privacy requests received by Glassdoor during the last calendar year are available here . Updates to Our Privacy Policy We may revise this Policy from time to time by posting an updated version. If we make a change that we believe materially reduces your rights or increases your responsibilities, we will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) and/or by means of a notice on or linked via our services prior to the change becoming effective. We may provide notice of changes in other circumstances as well. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. Your continued use of our services is subject to the most current effective version of this Policy. If you object to the Policy after it becomes effective for you, you may no longer use our services. Contact Us For all routine inquiries please use the contact details provided below. For service-related inquiries: contact us here .Security researchers can find out about our public bug bounty program here .You may reach our Data Protection Officer at DPO @ glassdoor.com. This email is intended only for inquiries related to this Policy and our data processing activities. We use cookies to personalise content and ads, analyse traffic and improve our services. Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Google “NID” cookie 'advertising and preference’ purposes Google “NID” cookie 'advertising and preference’ purposes These cookies may be set through our site by Google where you consent to it They may be used by Google to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. If you do not allow this cookie, you may not be able to use Google log in methods such as OneTap Back Performance Cookies Vendor Search Clear Filters Information storage and access Consent Leg.Interest All Consent Allowed Select All Vendors Select All Vendors All Consent Allowed host description View Cookies REPLACE-WITH-DYANMIC-HOST-IDPrivacy Policy Innovid, LLC, having its principal office and place of business at 30 Irving Place, 12th Floor, New York, NY 10003, together with its affiliates and subsidiaries from time to time, including without limitation Innovid EU Ltd., Innovid Media Limited, Innovid AU PTY Ltd., Innovid Argentina SRL, TV Squared, Inc, TV Squared Limited and TV Squared GmbH (collectively, “Innovid”, “our”, “we”, or “us”) has a strong commitment to protect the data privacy of its clients, partners, suppliers and their representatives as well as its website and site visitors and users. Our Privacy Notice describes how information is collected and utilized by Innovid. This Privacy Notice (the “Policy”) describes the data we collect about visitors to the websites and platforms located at Innovid.com , tvsquared.com , and subdomains thereof, including Innovid’s user interfaces available through such websites and platforms (collectively, the “Innovid Websites”), and to end users of the various third party websites, applications and other online media on which Innovid’s advertising and measurement services (the “Services”) are deployed. Please contact us with any questions or concerns at privacy@innovid.com . Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. By accessing or using the Innovid Websites or Services, you agree to us processing your information in accordance with this Policy. The Innovid Websites may link to, and the Services may appear on, third party websites and online media. Innovid does not control and is not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties, and this Policy does not cover collection or use of information by third parties on such properties. Visitors to or users of such third party websites or other media should consult the privacy policies of such properties to learn about such third parties’ privacy practices. With respect to data governed by: (i) the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“ GDPR “), (ii) the GDPR as transposed into UK national law by operation of section 3 of the United Kingdom’s (“ UK ”) European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “ UK GDPR ”); or (iii) the Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection 1992 (“ Swiss DPA ”), some of the data processed by Innovid includes “personal data”, as further described below under the Section entitled “ Additional Information for Residents of the European Union, UK and Switzerland ” and “ EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield ”. With respect to data governed by the GDPR, the UK GDPR and the Swiss DPA, and for the benefit of Data Subjects, we have added clarifications to this privacy policy for clarity and transparency. Quick Guide to Content Innovid Website Visitors We collect information about your visit to our Websites, including: – information about your activity on our Websites, including mouse scrolls and clicks, keystrokes entered, clickstream behavior, pages and files viewed or visited, and the duration of such visits. – information about the devices and software you use to access our Websites, such as browser information, operating system information, device identifier, IP address, general geographic location, date, and time of visit, whether you are a new or a return visitor, and other such information as may be delivered or shared by the applicable browser or access software or device. – any phone number used to call our customer service number. – any other information you provide to us through our Websites, including via our contact form or live chat function. Collectively, “ Website Data ”. Where legally required, our collection of Website Data is subject to the End User setting their preferences as further described under the section entitled “ Cookies on the Innovid Website ”. Enterprise Customers of the Services If you are an agency, brand or publisher that is a customer of our Services (a “ Customer ”), or if you are an employee, staff member or personnel of a Customer, we collect: – your contact information, including name, title, company name, business address, email address, telephone number and login credentials. – information about your activity on our Websites, including mouse scrolls and clicks, keystrokes entered, clickstream behavior, pages and files viewed or visited, and the duration of such visits. – information about the devices and software you use to access our Websites, such as: browser information, operating system information, device identifier, IP address, general geographic location, date and time of visit, whether you are a new or a return visitor, and other such information as may be delivered or shared by the applicable browser or access software or device. – any phone number used to call our customer service number. – any other information you provide to us through our Websites, including via our contact form or live chat function.Collectively, “ Account Data ”, We use and retain the Account Data, alone or in combination with Website Data, in order to provide our Services to you, manage and maintain the relevant account, conduct internal analysis, perform billing, invoicing and payment functions in connection with the relevant account, send Services-related information, alerts and promotional messages to you, monitor and assist in improvements to the Innovid Websites and our Services, customize your experience on the Innovid Websites, and maintain and improve the performance of the Innovid Websites and Services. We also receive information about existing and prospective Customers from third party partners, from attendance at events such as talks, presentations and seminars, from publicly available sources, and from general business networking efforts. Google Analytics Innovid uses Google Analytics, a service provided by Google, to help analyze how users use the Innovid Websites. Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on a user’s computer or device, to track the user’s activity (including information such as the user’s flow, location by country, language, browser and OS, ISP, and devices) on the Innovid Websites. We use this service with a view to analyze usage across devices and offer improvements for all users. To learn more about Google Analytics, please click here . To opt out of this feature by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, please click here . You may also opt-out by blocking cookies from the Websites. Intercom For customer management purposes, we provide a limited amount of information about users of the Innovid Websites and user interface (such as the user’s email address and sign-up date) to Intercom, Inc. (“Intercom”). We utilize Intercom for additional data analysis, e.g., retrieving a user’s sign-up date or activity when providing customer support. We may also use Intercom as a medium for communications, either through email, or through messages within our product. To help us understand our user base, Intercom collects publicly available information, such as a user’s company, job title, website URLs, social network handles and physical addresses. For more information on the privacy practices of Intercom, please visit http://docs.intercom.io/privacy . If you would like to opt out of having this information collected by or submitted to Intercom, please click here . Pendo Innovid uses Pendo.io to better understand how our customers are using our platform and tools, in order to assist our product and product design team(s) when making updates to our platform. Through the use of a java script pixel on the Innovid platform, Pendo may collect a limited amount of behavioral information from customers accessing the Innovid platform, and in addition Innovid may share a limited amount of data with Pendo in order to tie the information together. The information Innovid shares with Pendo includes, name, user ID, email address, and country. To learn more about Pendo, please click here . To view Pendo’s privacy policy and learn more about your choices, please click here . Cookies on the Innovid Website Innovid, and Innovid’s vendors performing services in relation to the Innovid Websites, may collect the data described above, including personal data, using cookies, which are small text files stored on the visitor’s computer. Visitors can set their browser to reject cookies altogether, to reject Innovid’s cookies in particular, or to delete cookies. For our EU and UK based website visitors, we also put in place a cookie consent tool on our site. Aside from strictly necessary cookies, we will only place cookies on the browsers of EU and UK visitors subject to their consent. Innovid’s Services Innovid partners with numerous companies to provide and measure online advertisements to visitors of third party websites, mobile websites, mobile applications, connected applications, smart televisions, digital media streaming devices and other online media, and to measure the performance of advertisements across various third party linear and digital televisions, channels, platforms, and devices (collectively, “ Media Properties ”). Visitors to Media Properties are referred to herein as “ End Users ”.Data Collected from End Users : When an End User browses or uses Media Properties that make use of the Services, Innovid may collect data about such interaction, as well as about any further interaction by such End User with the advertisements provided or measured by the Services and the Media Properties on which such Services are utilized, such as advertisements viewed, impressions, clicks and other actions taken, mouse movements, viewing duration, IP address, cookie ID, date and time of interaction, information about the general geographical location from which an End User is viewing an advertisement, device type, URL, referral URL, information on browser and operating system, user agent and device type. In addition, in the event that the data being collected is from a mobile device, Innovid may also collect the mobile advertising ID of the device (e.g., IDFA and Google AdID), and in the event that the data being collected is from a television with third party connected applications, a smart television, or a digital media streaming device (collectively, “ CTV ”), Innovid may also collect the advertising identifiers made available by the CTV. Data Collected from Agencies, Brands, and other Customers of Innovid : Brands, agencies and other customers who use Innovid’s measurement services may provide or upload advertising delivery or viewership information to Innovid, including IP addresses, cookie IDs and/or advertising or device IDs, in order to enable Innovid’s provision of such measurement services to such customers. Innovid is a Processor (under GDPR) and a Service Provider (under CCPA, CPRA and similar laws) on behalf of its customers, with respect to the data described in this paragraph. Data Collected from Third Party Sources : On occasion, Innovid may also receive data from third parties that enable advertisement optimization and/or measurement, independent of or in combination with the data collected by Innovid from End Users, such as audience interest segments, ad viewership or delivery information, television spot data, and product or media categories. It is possible that some of the data that Innovid obtains from third parties was previously associated with directly identifiable information (such as address, phone number, email and/or mailing address). However, this data goes through a de-identification process before it is shared with Innovid, such that by the time it reaches Innovid, it no longer contains directly identifiable information. The data collected by Innovid and/or received from third parties may be shared and used to provide information, analytics and reports to advertisers, agencies and publishers who participate in the Services, to schedule, deliver and optimize advertisements, to limit the number of times a specific advertisement is presented to the same browser or device (frequency capping), to detect and eliminate fraudulent activity, to administer and enhance the Services and perform internal analysis, and to help Innovid display, optimize, target, sequence and/or customize advertisements to the inferred interests or preferences of End Users. Innovid may use certain general health-related segments received from third parties in delivering advertisements based on inferred End User interest in such topics, such as general health, wellness, common ailments and illnesses, beauty, and fitness. Such health-related segments do not include sensitive health information (such as an End User having a certain medical condition like heart disease or arthritis). From time to time, advertisements served by Innovid contain functionality that enables an End User to enter personal data into such advertisements or into the landing page to which such advertisements are linked, in order to allow the End User to sign-up for or receive information regarding an advertiser or publisher’s product, service, program or other offer. In the event that an End User elects to provide personal data under such circumstances, Innovid stores such information and shares it with the advertiser, agency, or publisher on behalf of whom the advertisement was served, and/or with such entity’s service provider. Innovid may use such information to fulfill or aid in the fulfillment of the End User’s request and/or to auto-populate future requests by the End User’s device. In cases where the advertisement contains functionality enabling Innovid to store personal data, the End User will have the option to opt-out of the storage of such information by indicating their preference in the appropriate checkbox shown in the advertisement, or by clicking through to the settings available through the advertisement. The End User should review the advertiser or publisher’s privacy policy to understand how such entity will process any personal data entered by the End User or captured. In order to exercise End User’s rights to delete, access, rectify or move personal data, the End User must contact the controller (our customer).In some cases we are able to support exercise of these rights. If you have any other questions or requests with respect to privacy, please send us an email at privacy@innovid.com . Innovid works with Nielsen to better understand the reach of ad campaigns. To learn more about what information Nielsen collects, how it uses and shares that information and your choices, please visit http://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy . Innovid uses Google’s YouTube API Services. The Google Privacy Policy can be found at: https://policies.google.com/privacy and the Google App Permissions page can be found at: https://myaccount.google.com/permissions . The YouTube Terms of Service (ToS) can be found at: https://www.youtube.com/t/terms . Cross-Device Tracking Innovid may, or may use the services of third party companies to, establish connections between a user’s devices and to provide interest-based advertising across devices and to measure the performance of advertising across devices. Cross-device connections allow Innovid to understand that a single user is accessing advertisements served or measured by Innovid from multiple devices, and to synchronize or target advertising messages and/or measure the performance of advertisements across those devices. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices with respect to it, please: (1) visit the NAI Choices page located at http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ to learn how to opt out of having your information collected in browsers for ad serving purposes; and (2) download the AppChoices application, available for iOS and Android (see http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices/ ), or visit the NAI’s Mobile Choices page located at http://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice , to learn how to opt out of having your information collected in mobile apps. Because web browsers and mobile apps have different identifiers, you will need to opt-out of each environment separately. Industry Self-Regulation Innovid LLC, and its subsidiary TV Squared Ltd. dba InnovidXP, each participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Innovid LLC’s identification number within the framework is 452, and TV Squared Ltd. dba InnovidXP’s identification number within the framework is 985. Innovid is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adheres to the NAI Code of Conduct. Opt-Out of Interest-Based Advertising Opt-out for Desktop or Mobile Web: End Users can opt out of interest-based advertising served by Innovid on browsers used on desktop or mobile web. Click Here to opt-out, or opt-out through the NAI page located here . In order to comply with an opt-out request, Innovid may set a non-unique cookie for the sole purpose of complying with such request. Innovid will attempt to set such opt-out cookie for 5 years; however, the End User’s browser may impose a shorter timespan. If the browser causes the opt-out cookie to expire, or if an End User deletes its cookies or changes computers or devices after opting out, he or she will need to opt out again by clicking the link in this paragraph. Please note that where an End User blocks cookies on his or her browser, Innovid will be unable to set an opt-out cookie, and therefore unable to abide by such End User opt-out request. Opt-out for Mobile Applications: To opt-out of interest-based advertising for the mobile applications on your current device, the method of opting out depends on the type of device you have. Please also note that, in some cases (i.e., if you have an older device), it may be necessary for you to provide your device ID in order to opt out. Opting out on Apple iOS devices: On iOS 12.4 go to Settings -> Privacy -> Advertising -> Limit Ad Tracking. On iOS 7.0 through 12.3, you can go to Settings -> Privacy -> Advertising and set the “Limit Ad Tracking” function to ‘ON’. For other (older or newer) iOS devices, please visit the NAI’s Mobile Choices Page located at https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices# for instructions. Opting out on Android devices: In Android devices with Android 12.0 or higher, open your device’s settings app: Settings -> Google, or (depending on your device), open the Google Settings app. Under ‘Services’, select Ads. Depending on your device, turn on the ‘Opt out of ads personalization’ or opt of ‘out interest-based ads’ function by moving the switch to the right until it turns blue, or click on “Delete Advertising ID”. Note: If you clear your cache, you may lose your opt-out setting and may need to opt out again. For older devices, please visit the NAI’s Mobile Choices Page located at https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices# for instructions. Please also visit the NAI’s Mobile Choices Page located at https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choices# for additional detailed instructions on how to use the advertising choice mechanisms for various devices.Opt-out for CTV: To opt-out of interest-based advertising for a CTV (i.e., televisions with third party connected applications, smart televisions and/or digital media streaming devices), please visit the NAI’s Internet Connected TV Opt-Out Instructions Page located at https://www.networkadvertising.org/internet-connected-tv-choices/ for detailed instructions on how to use the advertising choice mechanisms for various types of CTVs. Note: Following an opt-out using any of the above methods, Innovid’s system will still provide advertisements to the End User. Please note, however, that these advertisements may be less relevant to such End User’s interests. Opt Out of InnovidXP Measurement Services: The advertiser, as the owner or manager of its website and applications, is responsible for informing its end users about all data being collected (including by Innovid) and for collecting appropriate consents from End Users, in accordance with applicable data and privacy laws. InnovidXP has implemented an opt-out mechanism ( http://collector.tvsquared.com/optout.php ) which the advertiser can make available to its End Users. The opt-out applies solely to the InnovidXP cookie placed on an End User’s browser or operating system when the End User visited the advertiser’s website or application. This mechanism will not opt an End User out of all InnovidXP cookies. If an End User visits another advertiser’s website or application, and that advertiser is using InnovidXP attribution services, the End User will receive other InnovidXP cookies specific to that advertiser (and which cookies the End User would need to disable also). End Users may also wish to manage their cookies on a wider basis through their browser or operating system settings on their computer or device. They can find out instructions on how to do this through the browser or operating system they are using. The Digital Advertising Alliance ( www.digitaladvertisingalliance.org/ ) and Network Advertising Initiative ( www.nai.org ) also provides helpful resources for end users in relation to opting out of interest-based ads, re-setting advertising IDs, and limiting ad tracking. Do Not Track Signals Some websites have “do not track” features that allow you to tell a website not to track you. These features are not all uniform. We do not currently respond to those signals. Data Retention Personal data collected by Innovid, whether from desktop, mobile devices, mobile applications, CTVs or other Media Properties and advertisements may be retained for up to 12 months. Personal data is anonymized and used for reporting and analysis and may be stored in as long as necessary to fulfill a legitimate business need or as required by law. Personal data collected for the InnovidXP measurement offering (in cases where Innovid is not providing ad serving services) is retained for a period of 7 days. Personal data may be anonymized and used for reporting and analysis and may be stored as long as necessary to fulfill a legitimate business need or as required by law. Legal and Regulatory Compliance Innovid reserves the right to disclose information if it believes, in good faith, that such disclosure is required to comply with legal or regulatory requirements, or to protect others’ rights or prevent harm, including in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. Affiliated Entities and Third Parties Innovid provides information shared under this Policy: with companies within the Innovid group;with third parties approved by you, your agent, or your client as appropriate;as described under “Enterprise Customers of Innovid” and “Innovid’s Services” above;with third party service providers we engage to perform functions and services on our behalf, such as cloud services for storing and processing information (e.g., Amazon Web Services, Snowflake and Akamai), customer relationship management services (e.g., Salesforce) and enterprise resource planning services (e.g., Priority), to the extent necessary to enable such third party service providers to perform such functions and services, and only pursuant to obligations on such third party service providers that are consistent with this Policy. In all cases in which Innovid transfers any personal data to a third party, it will do so pursuant to a data protection agreement governing such transfers. Where personal data is transferred outside of the EU or UK, appropriate safeguards are used such as the EU Standard Contractual Clauses and the UK International Data Transfer Addendum, as applicable. Innovid also maintains certification under the E.U. U.S. Privacy Shield (see below), although it no longer relies on the E.U. U.S. Privacy Shield as a legal transfer mechanism following the Schrems II decision of the European Court of Justice and instead relies on the European Standard Contractual Clauses or an adequacy decision where applicable.Business Transfers We will disclose personal data we have collected to third parties if we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets or if Innovid or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case information held by Innovid will be one of the transferred assets. Such transfers will be subject to contractual data protection provisions. Newsletter Subscriptions If you subscribe to the Innovid newsletter, or sign up to receive other forms of marketing information from Innovid, we will collect from you the following pieces of information: name, email, job title, company, company type, country, and state. We collect and store this data to provide you relevant information about Innovid products, services, and other marketing communication that may be of interest to you. This information is also be used for sales prospecting. You can change your subscription status with regards to Innovid’s email newsletters at any time. To unsubscribe, you can follow the instructions on the bottom of each newsletter, or by emailing support@innovid.com and writing “Cancel Newsletter Subscription” in the subject line. Aggregate Information Innovid may share aggregate and pseudonymous usage statistics regarding the Services with the public or businesses with whom Innovid works. Innovid may also use such aggregated information to help Innovid improve the design and delivery of its Services and increase its effectiveness for all users. Communication Innovid may send to registered users, advertisers, agencies, and publishers Services and/or account activity-related announcements from time to time. Data and Information Security Innovid is committed to protect the security of the information it collects, and takes such measures as are in line with industry practice to safeguard the data in its possession from unauthorized alteration, destruction, access, or misuse. We maintain tight controls over all the data we collect, retaining it in firewalled and secured databases with strictly limited and controlled access rights, to ensure it is secure. Access to personal data is protected and controlled by password and restricted permissions. Please note that where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access the Innovid Website or Services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. Please be aware however that no method of Internet transmission or electronic storage is 100% secure. Innovid cannot ensure or warrant the absolute security of information you transmit to us, and you transmit such information at your own risk. For additional information regarding security, please contact: support@innovid.com . Children’s Privacy The Innovid Website and the Services are not intended for children under the age of 16, and children under the age of 16 are ineligible to register for an account on the Innovid Website. Innovid will never knowingly accept or solicit personal data from a visitor or End User under the age of 16 and will delete accounts that it believes to be in violation of this restriction. If you become aware that a child under the age of 16 has registered to use the Innovid Website or has provided Personally Identifiable Information to Innovid, please contact Innovid at privacy@innovid.com , so that Innovid can confirm and take appropriate steps to remove such account and delete the information. International Data Transfers The information that we collect from you and about you may be transferred to and stored in a country other than your country of residence, such as the USA and the UK, which may not offer the same level of protection of personal information as your country of residence. However, we will take contractual and/or other measures as required by GDPR Chapter V, to ensure your personal data is protected; this also includes Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the EU Commission and the UK International Data Transfer Addendum. Your personal data may also be transferred to Israel, which has been recognized by the EU as having adequate data protection. Additional Information for Residents of the European Union, UK and Switzerland Innovid collects personal data based on several lawful bases, depending on the exact circumstances. Account Data is processed on the basis of a contract between Innovid and the customer; we are not able to provide services and meet the terms of our customer agreements without such processing. Personal data may also be processed on the basis of the legitimate interest Innovid has in marketing, serving and measuring advertising, and analyzing, improving, optimizing, and personalizing its users’ experience.Where data is provided by Innovid’s brand, agency, publisher and other customers, Innovid’s standard terms require that the provision of such data is done on the basis that the entity providing the data has received any legally necessary consent or has another valid lawful basis to process and share such data and that any personal data provided to Innovid is done so legitimately. However, Innovid is a processor with respect to data provided to Innovid by brands, agencies, publishers and other customers; as such it is the responsibility of such brand, agency, publisher or other customer to secure the lawful basis for such processing. To exercise data subjects’ rights, contact Innovid and its Data Protection Officer at privacy@innovid.com . Data subjects also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory or data protection authority in their jurisdiction. If you are a data subject with respect to whose data GDPR applies and we are a Controller of your data under GDPR, you have rights under GDPR and local laws, including, in different circumstances, rights to data portability, rights to access data, rectify data, object to processing, and erase data. A data subject who wishes to modify, delete or retrieve their Personal Data may do so by contacting Innovid (privacy@innovid.com). Where processing occurs based on consent, data subjects have a right to withdraw their consent. Note that we may have to undertake a process to identify a data subject exercising their rights. There may be exemptions to the rights for specific legal reasons which, if applicable, we will set out for you in our response to your request. We may keep details of data subject requests exercised for our own compliance and audit requirements. Please note that Personal Data may be either deleted, or may be retained in an aggregated manner without being linked to any Personal Data (including identifiers), depending on technical capability. Such aggregated information may continue to be used by Innovid. Where Personal Data is provided by an enterprise customer of Innovid who is the data subject’s employer, such data subject’s rights will have to be effected through that enterprise customer in its capacity as the data subject’s employer. Data subjects in the EU also have the right to lodge a complaint, with a data protection supervisory authority in the place of their habitual residence. If the supervisory authority fails to deal with a complaint, the data subject may have the right to an effective judicial remedy. In addition to the above, Innovid LLC has certified under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield, although it no longer relies on the E.U. U.S. Privacy Shield as a legal transfer mechanism following the Schrems II decision of the European Court of Justice and instead relies on the European Standard Contractual Clauses or an adequacy decision where applicable. EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Innovid LLC, a U.S. corporation, complies with the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries, and the United Kingdom and Switzerland transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. Innovid, LLC has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to such data. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy policy and data subject rights under the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/ . If you are from the European Union or Switzerland and would like to gain access to, or request amendment, correction, or deletion of information that Innovid, LLC holds about you, please contact us using the details in the “Contact Us” section below. We will consider and respond to your request in accordance with, as applicable, the EU-U.S. or Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield, and any applicable laws. Innovid acknowledges the individual’s right to access their personal data and will provide you access to the personal information we hold about you to the extent it is reasonably available and allow you to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate information, as required, and permitted by applicable law. If you’d like us to correct, amend, or delete any other personal information that you have provided to us, please send your request to us at privacy@innovid.com and we will respond to your request within 30 days. You may request that we cease sending you any marketing communications (including by email and SMS) at any time by notifying us in writing using the contact details provided below or following any “unsubscribe” instructions included in any marketing communications which we send to you.We will also provide an individual opt-out or opt-in choice before we share your data with third parties other than our agents, or before we use it for a purpose other than which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized. To request to limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please submit a written request using the details in the “Contact Us” section below. With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, Innovid, LLC is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. Under the Privacy Shield, Innovid, LLC may remain liable if its third-party service providers process your personal information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. EU or Swiss Individuals who believe that their personal information has not been processed in compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles may raise their complaint in the following ways: In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Innovid, LLC commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information transferred to the United States pursuant to Privacy Shield. European Union and Swiss individuals with Privacy Shield inquiries or complaints should first contact Innovid, LLC directly using the details in the “Contact Us” section below. We will respond to your complaint within 45 days of receipt.Innovid, LLC has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the Privacy Shield Principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, operated by the BBB National Programs. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit https://bbbprograms.org/privacy-shield-complaints/ for more information and to file a complaint. This service is provided free of charge to you. If your Privacy Shield complaint cannot be resolved through the above channels, under certain conditions, you may invoke binding arbitration for some residual claims not resolved by other redress mechanisms. See Privacy Shield Annex 1 at https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction Innovid, LLC has further committed to cooperate with the panel established by the EU data protection authorities (DPAs) with regard to unresolved Privacy Shield complaints concerning human resources data transferred from the EU in the context of the employment relationship. Pursuant to the Privacy Shield, Innovid, LLC remains liable for the transfer of personal data to third parties acting as our agents unless we can prove we were not a party to the events giving rise to the damages. Enforcement Complaints Innovid has implemented processes to ensure compliance with this Policy and periodically verifies that the policy is accurate, comprehensive for the information intended to be covered, prominently displayed, completely implemented and accessible, and in conformity with the NAI Code of Conduct. We encourage interested persons to raise any concerns by emailing privacy@Innovid.com and we will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of information. To address any issues regarding our compliance with the NAI Code of Conduct, Innovid, along with the NAI and other NAI members have created a compliance program that incorporates attestation reviews, a consumer complaint process, sanctions, and annual reporting to help ensure that member companies keep their promises to you and abide by the NAI Code of Conduct. Please refer to the NAI site for more information. Additional Privacy Information For Residents of California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, And Nevada In this section, we provide information for residents of California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Nevada, as may be required under applicable privacy laws of such states from time to time (“State Privacy Laws”). For instance, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), as amended by the California Consumer Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (“VCDPA”), require that we provide their respective residents certain specific information about how we handle their personal information. Under State Privacy Laws, subject to certain exceptions, “personal information” is generally any information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular resident or household in the applicable state. Because certain State Privacy Laws require that we disclose specific information about how we handle certain personal information collected about residents of their states, the scope of this section may be different than the scope of our privacy policy.Please note that for Innovid employee information-related requests, the Innovid employee privacy policy (which is separately provided to Innovid employees) applies. What is a “sale of personal information” under State Privacy Laws such as CCPA and VCDPA? A sale may occur any time a business sells or makes available any personal information to a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration. Innovid does not engage in the sale of personal information to third parties for any monetary or other valuable consideration. What is a “share of personal information” under the CPRA? Under the CPRA, “sharing” generally means disclosing, making available or communicating personal information by a business to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, whether or not for monetary or other valuable consideration, including transactions between a business and a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising for the benefit of a business in which no money is exchanged. “Cross-context behavioral advertising” means the targeting of advertising to a consumer based on the consumer’s personal information obtained from the consumer’s activity across businesses, distinctly-branded websites, applications, or services, other than the business, distinctly-branded website, application, or service with which the consumer intentionally interacts. Innovid acts as a service provider to its customers and does not engage in sharing of personal information with third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising. What is “sensitive information” under State Privacy Laws? “Sensitive information” is generally defined as personal information that reveals sensitive information about a consumer, such as social security, driver’s license, state identification card or passport numbers, account log-in, financial account, debit card or credit card numbers in combination with any required security or access code, password or credentials allowing access to an account, precise geolocation, data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, physical or mental health diagnosis, sexual orientation, or citizen or immigrant status, as well as processing of genetic or biometric data for identification, and personal data collected from a known child. Innovid does not collect information we believe to be sensitive under applicable law. Categories of Personal Information that We Collect and Disclose to Others for a Business Purpose The items below set out generally the categories of personal information that we collect and disclose to others for a business purpose. We collect these categories of personal information from the sources described in our privacy policy above, and for the purposes described in our privacy policy above. Our collection, use and disclosure of personal information will vary depending upon the circumstances and nature of our interactions or relationship with the relevant individual. Name, Contact Information and other Identifiers: Identifiers such as a real name, alias, address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol (IP) address, email address, account name, social security number, driver’s license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers. Do we collect? – YES Do we disclose for a business purpose? – YES Do we sell? – NO Do we share with third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising? – NO Customer Records : Paper and electronic customer records containing personal information, such as name, signature, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, education, current employment, employment history, social security number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial or payment information, medical information, or health insurance information. Do we collect? – YES Do we disclose for a business purpose? – YES Do we sell? – NO Do we share with third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising? – NO Protected Classifications : Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law such as race, color, sex, age, religion, national origin, disability, citizenship status, and genetic information. Do we collect? – NO Do we disclose for a business purpose? – NO Do we sell? – NO Do we share with third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising? – NO Purchase History and Tendencies : Commercial information including records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or use histories or tendencies. Do we collect? – YES Do we disclose for a business purpose? – YES Do we sell? – NO Do we share with third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising?– NO Biometric Information : Physiological, biological, or behavioral characteristics that can be used alone or in combination with each other to establish individual identity, including DNA, imagery of the iris, retina, fingerprint, faceprint, hand, palm, vein patterns, and voice recordings, keystroke patterns or rhythms, gait patterns or rhythms, and sleep, health, or exercise data that contain identifying information. Do we collect? – NO Do we disclose for a business purpose? – NO Do we sell? – NO Do we share with third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising? – NO Usage Data : Internet or other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, browsing history, clickstream data, search history, and information regarding a resident’s interaction with an internet website, application, or advertisement, including access logs and other activity information related to your use of any Innovid websites, applications or other online services. Do we collect? – YES Do we disclose for a business purpose? – YES Do we sell? – NO Do we share with third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising? – NO Geolocation Data : Precise geographic location information about a particular individual or device. Do we collect? – NO Do we disclose for a business purpose? – NO Do we sell? – NO Do we share with third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising? – NO Audio, Video and other Electronic Data : Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information, such as CCTV footage, photographs, and call recordings and other audio recording (e.g., recorded meetings and webinars). Do we collect? – YES (for internal training purposes) Do we disclose for a business purpose? – NO Do we sell? – NO Do we share with third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising? – NO Professional or employment-related information : Employment history, qualifications, licensing, disciplinary record. Do we collect? – NO Do we disclose for a business purpose? – NO Do we sell? – NO Do we share with third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising? – NO Education Information : Information about education history or background that is not publicly available personally identifiable information as defined in the federal Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99). Do we collect? – NO Do we disclose for a business purpose? – NO Do we sell? – NO Do we share with third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising? – NO Profiles and Inferences : Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create a profile reflecting a resident’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, or aptitudes. Do we collect? – YES Do we disclose for a business purpose? – YES Do we sell? – NO Do we share with third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising? – NO Rights of Residents of California, Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, And Nevada State Privacy Laws grant residents of their states certain rights and imposes restrictions on particular business practices as set forth below. Right to Opt-out of Sale of Personal Information . California and Virginia residents have the right to opt out of the sale of their personal information. California residents also have the right to opt out of the sharing of their personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising. We do not sell your personal information or share it with third parties for cross context behavioral advertising. However, if you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising from Innovid, please visit the section of this Privacy Policy entitled “Opt-Out of Interest-Based Advertising” . Right to Limit Use and Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information Innovid does not collect, use, or disclose information we believe to be sensitive under applicable law. Notice at Collection At or before the point of collection, notice must be provided to the individual of the categories of personal information collected and the purposes for which such information is used. Verifiable Requests to Delete and Requests to Know. Subject to certain exceptions, residents of certain states have the right to make the following requests, at no charge: Request to Delete : Residents of certain states have the right to request deletion of their personal information that we have collected about them and to have such personal information deleted, except where an exemption applies.Request to Know : Residents of certain states have the right to request and, subject to certain exemptions, receive a copy of the specific pieces of personal information that we have collected about them in the prior 12 months and to have this delivered, free of charge, either (a) by mail or (b) electronically in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily useable format that allows the individual to transmit this information to another entity without hindrance. California residents also have the right to request that we provide them certain information about how we have handled their personal information in the prior 12 months, including the: categories of personal information collected;categories of sources of personal information;business and/or commercial purposes for collecting and selling their personal information;categories of third parties/with whom we have disclosed or shared their personal information;categories of personal information that we have disclosed or shared with a third party for a business purpose;categories of personal information collected; andcategories of third parties to whom the residents’ personal information has been sold and the specific categories of personal information sold to each category of third party. Submitting Requests. Requests to Know and Requests to Delete may be submitted by emailing us at: privacy@innovid.com or (if the inquiry is specifically related to InnovidXP) privacy@tvsquared.com . We will respond to verifiable requests received from residents of the applicable states as required by law. Right to Non- Discrimination Certain State Privacy Laws prohibit discrimination against their residents for exercising their rights under applicable state laws. Discrimination may exist where a business denies or provides a different level or quality of goods or services, or charges (or suggests that it will charge) different prices, rates or penalties on residents who exercise their privacy rights, unless doing so is reasonably related to the value provided to the business by the residents’ data. Financial Incentives . A business may offer financial incentives for the collection, sale, or deletion of certain state residents’ personal information, provided the incentive is not unjust, unreasonable, coercive, or usurious, and is made available in compliance with applicable transparency, informed consent, and opt-out requirements. Residents of certain states have the right to be notified of any financial incentive offers and their material terms, the right to opt-out of such incentives at any time and may not be included in such incentives without their prior informed opt-in consent. We do not offer any incentives at this time. CCPA Metrics for 2022 Pursuant to CCPA Regulation 999.317(g), Innovid informs you of the following metrics with respect to the year 2022. Note: The foregoing numbers are based upon requests received from all individuals and not only from “consumers” as defined under the CCPA a. In 2022, the number of CCPA requests to know that Innovid received, complied with in whole or in part, or denied: 14,14, 0. b. In 2022, the number of CCPA requests to delete that Innovid received, complied with in whole or in part, or denied: 47, 47, 0. c. The median number of days within which Innovid substantively responded to requests to know, requests to delete, and requests to opt-out: 4 Your California Privacy Rights under California’s Shine-the-Light Law Under California’s “Shine the Light” law (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.83), California residents who provide us certain personal information are entitled to request and obtain from us, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we have shared with third parties for their own direct marketing use. Such requests may be made once per calendar year for information about any relevant third party sharing in the prior calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to privacy@innovid.com . In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address. For more information about our privacy practices, you may contact us as set forth in the “Contact Us” section below. Contact Us You may contact us and our Data Protection Officer at privacy@innovid.com . Innovid 80 George St. Edinburgh, EH2 3BU In the US: see below. Changes to the Privacy Policy Innovid reserves the right to change or modify this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting the modified Privacy Policy on the Innovid Website. Your continued use of the Innovid Website or Services indicates your acceptance of the modified Privacy Policy. Our mailing address is: Innovid, LLC Attn.: Privacy 30 Irving Place, 12th Floor New York, NY 10003 Last updated: March 2, 2023 Want to Learn How We Can Make Your Advertising Easier?Subscribe to our newsletter for industry insights, benchmarks, and more. First name Last name Email Company name Job Title Company Type Innovid needs the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our products and services. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For information on how to unsubscribe, as well as our privacy practices and commitment to protecting your privacy, please review our FacebookInstagramTwitterLinkedin Click OK to opt-out of Innovid advertising cookies. OKQuoteMedia Privacy Policy 1. PRIVACY POLICY 1.1 QuoteMedia is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of users of it's interactive products and services. 1.2 This privacy policy applies to the QuoteMedia.com Inc. site and all of the Internet accessible QuoteMedia branded services, which we may offer from time to time, referred hereinafter as QuoteMedia. The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you, our visitor, what types of information we may gather about you when visiting our site and how we may use that information. We will also inform you whether we disclose your information to anyone and if so, under what conditions, as well as the choices you have regarding our use of the information. 1.3 In general, our service automatically gathers certain usage information, such as; numbers and frequency of visitors to QuoteMedia and the areas visited. This collective data helps us determine how much our customers use various areas of the site, so we can improve our site. 1.4 QuoteMedia cookies do not collect personally identifiable information and we do not combine information collected through cookies with other personally identifiable information to tell us who you are. Most browsers are set to accept cookies. You can set yours to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so please note that some part of our site may not function properly. 1.5 We may provide information to other partners about how our members use QuoteMedia. We do this to provide you the best Web experience possible and to improve the site in general. 1.6 Our site's registration forms require contact information (like name and email address) and demographic information (like zip code, age, and income level). We will not disclose your personal information to any third party advertisers unless we are compelled by law or, in our sole discretion, whenever we believe an emergency, illegal activity or some other reasonable basis exists for notifying or providing such information to the appropriate authorities. We reserve the right, directly or through our designated marketing agents, to distribute promotional materials to you for QuoteMedia products or for products of our marketing partners. Such promotions will be for products believed to be of interest to our user base. Your personal information shall remain in the possession of QuoteMedia or its designated marketing agent at all times. We sometimes aggregate information about our users and you agree we can use and make such statistical information available to others, as long as we don't identify you personally. QuoteMedia gives users the option to opt out or discontinue promotional communications from (a) within promotional emails, and/or (b) within the registration area of each QuoteMedia website or web based application. In addition, to stop receiving special announcements from QuoteMedia, users can email unsubscribe@quotemedia.com and type UNSUBSCRIBE in the subject line. 1.7 Your personal information may be stored and/or processed or otherwise used by or on behalf of QuoteMedia both inside the United States and Canada. Your personal information may be processed and stored in a country that has laws that are different from those in your jurisdiction, and where the government (e.g. the United States or Canada) may be able to obtain disclosure of your personal information under their local laws. 1.8 You may access, review, update, and correct any information that is maintained by QuoteMedia by contacting us at support@quotemedia.com . 2. USE OF COOKIES A cookie is a very small text file placed on your hard drive by a Web Page server. It is essentially your identification card, and cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses. It is uniquely yours and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. Our service may place one or more cookies on your computer. These cookies may be used to remind us who you are and what features or premium services you have registered for or to estimate our audience size and target marketing based on user interest. Advertisers on Our Service may also use cookies. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our website. These third-party advertising companies employ cookie and 1x1 pixel .gif technology to measure and improve the effectiveness of ads for their clients. To do so, these companies may use anonymous information about your visits to our Web site and other Web sites. This information can include: date/time of banner ad shown, the banner ad that was shown, their cookie, the IP address. This information can also be used for online preference marketing purposes. If you want to prevent a third-party advertiser from setting and/or reading cookies on your computer, currently you may either visit each ad network's web site individually and opt out or visit the National Advertising Initiative ("NAI") gateway opt-out site to opt-out of all network-advertising cookies.Click here for the NAI gateway opt-out. This site will also allow you to review the third-party advertising companies' privacy policies. If you have any questions regarding this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us by clicking here. 3. LINKS TO OTHER SITES AND PRIVACY 3.1 Users will find advertising or other content on our site that link to a site or services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors, and other third parties. In many cases, the links represent cooperative projects or are mutual links established with persons or entities connected with our site. Although we initially visit the sites or services that are so linked, we do not control the contents or links that appear on these sites. In addition, these sites or services, including their contents and links may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies or no policy at all, as such; we accept no liability for their policies. 3.2 We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use session information (this information does not include your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please click here http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp 4. CREDIT CARD SECURITY/PRIVACY POLICY Protecting your privacy and your information is a top priority. We have taken careful measures to secure both your information and our premises. We exercise great care in the transfer of information from your PC to our servers. Our credit card secure sever software encrypts information, ensuring that all Internet credit card transactions remain private. 5. POLICY CHANGES Should we make changes to our privacy policy or disclaimer we will post such changes under the appropriate heading, here on our site, so that you will always know what information we gather and how we might use that information. 6. RELEASE OF INFORMATION We will release specific information about you, or your account, to comply with any valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute or court order. 7. ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS By using the QuoteMedia site you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy and Disclaimer. If you do not agree to this policy or disclaimer please do not use the site. Your continued use of the QuoteMedia site following the posting of any subsequent changes to these terms will mean that you have accepted such changes. Questions regarding our privacy statement and disclaimer may be directed to info@quotemedia.com. 8. REVISION Last revision date: January 8, 2021 QuoteMedia, Inc. All Rights Reserved QuoteMedia, Inc.Privacy Policy Last Updated: April 6, 2022 We, at the Nexxen Group (Tremor International Ltd (a Nexxen Brand), Nexxen Inc. (f/k/a Amobee Inc.), Nexxen Group LLC (f/k/a Unruly LLC and RhythmOne, LLC), Unruly Group Ltd (d/b/a Nexxen Group Ltd.), Tremor Video, Inc. and affiliates (including our Affiliates (as defined below)), collectively the “ Nexxen Group ”, “ Company ”, “ we ”, “ us ” or “ our ”), understand that your privacy is important to you. We use advertising cookies and similar tracking technologies (such as SDKs or pixel tags) to automatically collect information about your device (such as your computer, mobile device or Smart-TV) and related activities on certain websites or platforms to send you targeted ads. You may always opt out of our targeted advertisements by clicking on the opt-out button on the relevant device. Such opt-out will affect only the device where you have made that selection. After you opt out, the Company will no longer collect this information to deliver targeted ads on such device. Ads may continue to be served based on information available in the Internet environment, such as the content of a web page, browser type, time of day and operating system. If you have opted out of our advertising cookies and other similar tracking technologies on a device and subsequently delete the “opt out” cookie from your browser on such device, change your browser, or buy a new computer/device, you will need to repeat this process and opt out again. Contact Us: privacy@tremorinternational.com Last Updated July 10, 2023 We understand that your privacy is important to you. This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use, and disclose information collected through our web-based, connected-TV and mobile-based advertising services, as well as the Sites listed below. This policy does not apply to any entities that the Company does not own or control. For information about how we collect and use information through our corporate websites, including www.nexxen.com , www.amobee.com , www.tremorinternational.com , www.tremorvideo.com , www.unruly.co , and www.rhythmone.com (collectively, the “ Sites “), please scroll down to Section 9 titled “PRIVACY INFORMATION FOR THE COMPANY’S CORPORATE WEBSITES.” If you’d like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you by Company (whether through web or mobile delivery mechanisms), please follow the instructions in Section 6 (“ Your Choices ”) below. 1. The Company Platform The Company operates several platforms and services that comprise our “Services.” These include the Unruly Platform (formally known as RhythmOne Platform), Tremor Video DSP, and Unruly DMP. As further described below, through our Services, we work with websites, web services, content publishers, mobile applications, and various platforms (like connected TVs, aka “CTV” platforms) that provide services for those types of organizations, in particular to help them display personalized and more engaging ads on their properties. In many cases, providing personalized ads help businesses of all sizes (including small and mid-sized businesses) to get their name out, and help website operators, content publishers, app developers and platform owners to subsidize the cost of their content – often, allowing them to provide consumers with some or all of their content for free. We also work with advertisers (and their service providers) – brands, retailers, entertainment companies, non-profits and others – to help them advertise in a way that is efficient and relevant to both them and the consumer. We use data in a variety of ways to help support these businesses, and likewise provide a variety of ways for consumers to control how data is used to market to them. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to explain what that data is, how it is used, and what those choices are. 2. The Information We Collect and Use In Providing Our Services We are able to help advertisers as well as publishers provide more relevant content and targeted advertising by collecting certain information about you, including when you interact with our Services.This may include your interactions with our customers, which include: (a) advertisers and other ad partners (collectively, “ Advertisers ”) to show you ads that we think may interest you, on our Services and on other companies’ websites, apps, and devices; and (b) publishers, app developers and other customers who CTVs, web and mobile apps or other online services (collectively, “ Publishers ”). In this Privacy Policy, when we use the term “ Customers ”, we are referring to both Advertisers and Publishers, as described above. Sometimes we work with other marketing or advertising services, demand partners, service providers or data platforms who provide certain services (such as measurement and analytics solutions) to us as well as Customers; we refer to these companies as “ Partners .” We (or our Customers or Partners) may provide relevant content and targeted advertising to consumers by using automated technologies such as cookies, including non-HTTP cookies, pixel tags, mobile identifiers and SDKs, each of which we describe below, and in Section 3 below titled, “Cookies, Pixel Tags, SDKs and Similar Technologies”. These technologies often generate or collect unique identifiers, such as cookie IDs or mobile advertising IDs. We describe below these and other categories of information that we receive from consumers’ operating systems, browsers and devices, as well as from Customers, Partners, advertising platforms and networks, and data resellers. (Some companies may fit into more than one such category.) We have tried to describe the information that we collect or receive in a way that is easy to understand: a. Information that you provide to us directly We collect certain information that you provide to us, including your contact and other information – for example, when you visit our Sites or when you contact us. You may also interact with and provide information to us in other ways, including but not limited to when you complete a survey, enter a contest, giveaway, or sweepstakes, choose to hear from us or participate in our marketing or promotion campaigns. When you do so, we collect the information you provide to us, for example, your contact information. If you submit to us a request to access or delete your information, we will collect your contact information and other information, as needed, to respond to your request. b. Identifiers automatically collected from website and app sources,whether directly or through other content and information platforms, including: Online cookie IDs;Mobile advertising identifiers (e.g., IDFAs, Ad IDs) and other mobile device or browser identifiers;IP addresses;Wi-Fi access points;Product model numbers;Chipset IDs; andIdentifiers related to the device used, such as CTVs (e.g. name of device and any “friendly name” assigned by you to the device) We refer to all of the above as “IDs“ c. Online usage information or “log” information We collect data about your interactions with our Sites and the Services. Such data is generally related to the above IDs and include: Language and region settings;Data related to or describing a web browser, operating system, and device, such as the name and version of your browser, as well as hardware and software version of the app;Connection data, including (as described above) current IP address, from which location may be inferred;Online usage data including websites visited, websites visited prior to a web visit, date/time stamp;Information related to interactions with ads and marketing, such as consumer engagement with an ad (i.e. ads that you view and click on); Information related to interactions with websites, such as whether a consumer was “referred” through another website or a shared link;TV viewership data (including information about the content and programs viewed, and amount of time spent viewing Smart TV content, as further described in this Section 2 on “Viewing Data” below); andWe may link any of the above to our own or our Partners’ and Customers’ IDs. We receive the above information from Customers and Partners, advertising platforms and networks, and data resellers. (Some companies may fit into more than one of those categories.) d. Demographic and Interest-Based Information We may collect, use, or create “audience segments” (also referred to as “data segments), which are generally used to tailor advertising and marketing to consumers and to analyze consumer interaction with such ads. Audience segments are interest-based or demographic-based groupings of large numbers of users, generally in aggregated form, tied to the above IDs. For instance, an inference that Ad ID X35%979J is interested is “Sports” might be drawn from the fact that the browser often views sports-related content.Or, an inference that Cookie ID 4Qj7e9!x may be interested in a new car may be drawn from the corresponding browsers frequent search of new automobile reviews. (Actual IDs are generally much longer strings of code; the above are simply used for illustration.) Sometimes these inferences are made from “offline data” that is coded and linked to cookies and IDs (and further linked to our own cookies and IDs) by Partners that create “hashed” (coded) values to replace “real-world” identifiers such as email addresses. Sometimes these inferences are made from demographic information (“protected classifications” for purposes of the California Consumer Privacy Act).Sometimes, these audience segments are associated with the likelihood to have a particular health condition. A list of our standard health segments is here . (We endeavor to update the list frequently, but the list may not be current to the precise date.) In addition, we may sometimes create “custom” health-related segments, or work with Customers or Partners who use such segments. Those “custom” segments change over time, but a representative sample is included. Note that such information is only collected/processed at an aggregate level and solely in the U.S. and Canada. e. Transactional information from our Customers Our Customers may provide us with their own proprietary or licensed information, including “audience segments” described above, to help us better perform or deliver our Services. f. Geolocation Information The mobile information we collect or receive from our Partners and Customers also may include geolocation information, which may be precise, that may help us or our Customers to target ads or tailor content to your precise location. For instance, if we believe that you are often near a particular store in Northern New Jersey, we might send you an ad targeted to that store, rather than another store in the general area. g. Viewing Data We provide advertising services to certain Smart TV and connected devices (like Hisense and VIDAA Smart TVs), which like many CTVs, are equipped with Automatic Content Recognition (“ACR”) functionality that (when enabled) enable us to collect certain information from the device in order to provide personalized advertising and measurement based on the programming or ads watched on those devices and other devices connected to the same IP address. What is Viewing Data? When enabled on the Smart TV device, the Company will use audio-based ACR technology to collect information about the programming content (e.g. TV channels and shows, movies, and advertisements watched) playing on the device, including content from any media players, gaming consoles, over-the-air broadcast, or other audiovisual sources playing through the Smart TV. We call this information the “ Viewing Data ” and this also includes information such as timestamp, IP address, and Smart TV device identifier. The ACR technology captures a “fingerprint” from the Smart TV, and the fingerprint is mapped against a content repository and ad catalog to identify what was played through the TV. Content or ad ID, IP address, device ID, and other metadata are appended to the audio fingerprint. These identifiers are ingested into the Company’s platform and mapped to a Household ID, and then aggregated with other data sources. The ACR process will associate the data collected with the device’s IP address, but otherwise does not utilize directly identifiable personal information for the purposes of personalized advertising or measurement. For example, we may collect TV viewing information such as the programs, commercials, and channels you view, the date, time and duration of the viewing. It may also include information about the TV or display, including IP address and SmartTV device ID. How is Viewing Data used and shared? To create audience segments: We use Viewing Data, such as the content, programs or ads watched on your Smart TV, to include you and your household in relevant audience segments for interest-based advertising, as described below. A segment is a grouping of consumer profiles by one or more attributes (e.g. food fans, sports enthusiasts, sitcom fans, etc.). Individuals are identified by a digital identifier (like an IP address) in these segments but are not identifiable by name or other personal information that directly reveals their identity. We also share these audience segments with our Partners for their own purposes, including to enable their interest-based advertising activities. Targeting Personalized Ads: We use Viewing Data to help us, and our Partners, target and show you personalized ads that we think may interest you or other members of your household (a practice known as “interest-based advertising) across your devices, based on the audience segments created from your Viewing Data (as described above).These ads may be shown to you on your Smart TV or other linked devices sharing the same IP address. Audience Measurement: We use Viewing Data to generate measurement reports to help us and our Partners understand the effectiveness of ad campaigns, including the audience that saw their ads and how they responded. We collect information such as the creative and placement ID, IP address, and whether you viewed or interacted with an ad. Linking devices for household targeting: With the assistance of our third-party service providers, we use the IP address collected from your Smart TV to identify “households” (a group of linked devices sharing the same IP address broadcast by a modem). This allows us and our Partners to deliver personalized advertising to you and other members of your household across various devices (such as mobile phones and tablets) and browsers based on audience segments associated with your household. If you do not enable or if you otherwise opt-out of personalized advertising on your Smart TV, we will no longer collect and use your Smart TV IP address to identify your household for personalized advertising purposes. However, once you opt out of personalized advertising, you may continue to see personalized advertising on devices that were previously targeted based on Viewing Data that was shared when personalized advertising was still enabled on your Smart TV, prior to the opt-out. Our Partners: More information about each of our Partners and how they may use data about you and your household is available at: How can I turn OFF or ON the Viewing Data (ACR) feature? The option to enable ACR (and related functionality) is presented during the initial setup of the Smart TV and can also be accessed at any time via the Settings of the Smart TV. You can disable ACR (and related functionality) at any time via the Settings of the Smart TV. Turning the Viewing Data feature off or on will affect only the Smart TV where you have made that selection. Please refer to the device’s Privacy Notice and the Enhanced Viewing Service Privacy Notice of your Smart TV for more information on Viewing Data and your choices. h. Further Description of Technologies For additional explanation of the technologies through which IDs and other data are collected, please see Section 3 further below regarding cookies, pixel tags and SDKs. We may use cookies, pixel tags, SDKs and similar technologies to collect the above information, or to associate certain types of information with each other. i. Information collected from other sources We also may obtain other behavioral and demographic data from trusted third-party data sources. We may use this data to draw inferences about your preferences, choices, and interests to provide you with customized ads about products and services tailored to your individual interests. We may collect and combine information about your online activities over time and across devices, apps, websites and online services to provide you with customized ads. 3. Cookies, Pixel Tags, SDKs and Similar Technologies The Company (along with our Partners and Customers) uses a variety of technology to collect information. These are listed and described below. a. Pixels A tracking “pixel” is a transparent graphic image (usually a 1 x 1 pixel) that is placed on a web page and allows for the collection of information regarding the use of the web page that contains the tracking pixel. The Company collects technical and usage information through the use of tracking pixels. b. Cookies A “cookie” is a string of stored code used by a website to send some data to a user’s device. Depending on the settings of the device or web browser this data may be stored on the user’s device so that the device can later return that data to the same website. Cookies can be used with online services, such as websites, email deliveries or advertising technologies, to recognize an Internet or mobile-connected device that they have encountered before. We use cookies to, among other things, “remember” you, track user trends, and collect information about how you use our Customer’s sites or interact with the advertising we (or others) deliver on their behalf. We likewise use cookies to provide relevant content to you and replace non-relevant ads with ads that better match your interests. We also use cookies when you visit our corporate Sites. c. Mobile Device Identifiers and SDKs We also sometimes use, or partner with, Publishers or Publisher-facing and app developer platforms that use mobile SDKs to collect information, such as mobile identifiers (e.g., IDFAs and Android Advertising IDs), and information connected to how mobile devices interact with our Services and those using our Services. A mobile SDK is the mobile app version of a pixel tag or beacon (see “Pixels,” above).The SDK is a bit of computer code that app developers can include in their apps to enable ads to be shown, data to be collected, and related services to be implemented. We may use this technology to deliver certain advertising through mobile applications and browsers based on information associated with your mobile device. If you’d like to opt-out from having ads tailored to you in this way on your mobile device, please follow the instructions in Section 6 (“ Your Choices ”) below. d. Third Party Suppliers and Vendors The Company works with third party technology or service providers that provide us with hosting, serving, general campaign or site analytics, ad serving data, or demographic and other audience data about the use and viewership of our Customers’ advertising, or websites that display such advertising. Such third-party providers may utilize pixels, cookies, flash cookies, web beacons and/or similar technologies that may be activated when our advertising Customers’ advertisement is encountered on a Publisher. In all instances where the use, collection and disclosure of information is by one of these third-party providers, their privacy policies shall govern and this Privacy Policy does not apply. e. Disabling Cookies Most Web browsers are set up to accept cookies. You may be able to set your browser to warn you before accepting certain cookies or to refuse certain cookies. However, if you disable the use of cookies in your web browser, some features of our Services may be difficult to use or inoperable. In addition, we may use (or work with certain third-party companies that use) techniques other than or in addition to HTTP cookies to recognize your computer or device and/or to collect and record information about your web surfing activity, including those integrated with our Services. These technologies may rely on the collection and analysis of “non-cookie” information from your browser or device, such as your operating system, plug-ins, system fonts, resolution and other data, for purposes of creating a unique profile or “fingerprint” of your browser or device. We (or other third parties) may use this profile to understand and analyze how you interact with the Services, to customize content or advertising to you through the Services, to monitor against fraud or misuse of the Services, or in other ways consistent with this Privacy Policy. Please keep in mind that your web browser may not permit you to block the use of these techniques, and those browser settings that block conventional cookies may have no effect on such techniques. 4. The Business Purposes For Which We Use and Share the Information We Collect a. Our Purposes Generally Principally, we use the information described in Section 2 to operate, provide, develop and improve our Services. This involves facilitating various types of advertising and marketing to make them more effective, more relevant, and (we believe) more likely to engage and interest (and less likely to annoy) consumers. b. Personalized Advertising This includes facilitating and providing behavioral advertising, i.e., tailoring advertising and content using the types of “audience segments” or “data segments” (and other, related types of information) we describe in Section 2 above. As we also describe in Section 2 , these audience segments may be based on your activity across multiple websites or mobile apps over time, on your transactions, on your location, or on coded or “hashed” data derived from offline demographic and interest data. Generally, the tailoring of ads to devices and browsers (and sometimes through other channels) based on this type of data is called “interest-based” or “personalized” advertising. (Please go to Section 6 to learn about what choices you have to control how you are marketed to in this way.) c. Other Advertising and Analytics Purposes We also use the information to analyze, measure the effectiveness of, frequency-cap or sequence advertising. For instance, we may use the information we collect to compare how many “clicks” the recipients of one ad campaign receive vs. a different ad campaign. Or, we may track which users have seen which ads, to avoid a user being shown the same ad repeatedly. d. Syncing Identifiers We sometimes integrate our information with Partners, to allow Advertisers to access our information across other platforms (and their information across our platform), in order to allow Advertisers to reach more consumers across various channels. This may include online, offline, social media or television advertising. e. Identity Graphing We may also create or help our Customers or Partners to create “identity” graphs, to help locate users across various channels, such as based on common personal, device-based, or network-based identifiers ( e.g., IP address, email address).f. Statistical information We may use statistical information about you or your devices such as generalized location and estimated age group. We obtain this statistical information from commercially available sources (as permitted by law) such as our third-party service providers. We only work with third-party service providers who ensure that this information has been obtained in accordance with applicable law and can be provided to us for use and disclosure. g. Other Business Purposes We also may also use the information we collect for internal research, internal operations, auditing, detecting and preventing security incidents, anti-fraud purposes, debugging, short-term and transient use, quality control, and legal compliance. 5. Why And With Whom We Share the Information We Collect a. To Provide our Services Generally, we share the information that we collect in order to perform our Services, including for purposes of targeting advertising, performing analytics on ads, and measuring ad performance. We share the information we collect with our Customers, who are a wide range of businesses, retailers, content publishers, non-profit entities, business-to-business service companies and other consumer brands, as well as their ad agencies and service providers.We also share information with our Partners and other companies that provide services to us. For example, we use email or other contact information to resolve Customer support inquiries, and IP address and advertising identifiers with service providers. b. For Legal Purposes We may share any information we have with third parties in order to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms of Service, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts, or to investigate potential violations thereof; (c) protect the rights, property or personal safety of us, our platform, our Customers, our agents and affiliates, our users and/or the public. We likewise may provide information to other companies and organizations (including law enforcement) for fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes. c. In the Event of a Corporate Transaction We may also share personal information in the event of a corporate transaction, including, for example, a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets, or for purposes of due diligence connected with any such transaction. d. With Corporate Affiliates We share information within the Nexxen Group in order to operate the Site and Services, perform data analytics, design and execute advertising and marketing campaigns, conduct product management, and/or engineer or improve and develop new products or services. d. With Partners We share information collected, including IP address and advertising identifiers, with Partners to assist in our advertising and marketing efforts and show ads that may interest you. The Advertisers we use (including their service providers) may rely on pixel tags and similar technologies to collect information from or about you to tailor advertisements, measure advertising effectiveness, and enable other enhancements. We may also compile and provide reports, including in aggregated or de-identified forms, to Advertisers about the reach, viewership and effectiveness of their campaigns. We use information to help our Customers to reach the desired audience and improve their ad campaigns. Summary Analytics and Reports. We may, with our Customers and Partners, analyze Viewing Data to create summary reports to help deliver relevant information and advertising to interested groups of consumers. These summary reports are built from automated analysis of data elements, without connecting the information to any known natural person. For example, a Customer who is an Advertiser may want to measure the effectiveness of their promotions in the aggregate. Thus, a Partner may identify another device that shares an IP address or display and analyze: (a) whether a particular website was viewed or commercial location was visited by a device with location tracking enabled (e.g., a smartphone) after a related promotion was viewed, and (b) whether a particular program was viewed following exposure to a promotion for that program. In addition, some Partners may use a third-party data aggregator to identify demographic or other attributes or traits (such as gender or age range or income range or behavioral data) associated with the IP addresses collected, and then send to Customers the demographic information associated with those addresses. Personalized Advertisements.As further described in Section 2 above, audience segments may be shared with Customers and Partners for the purpose of targeting and tailoring the advertising you see on certain Smart TV and connected devices, including other devices associated with your IP address or device ID on the basis of Viewing Data. Viewing Data may also be enhanced with household demographic data and data about digital actions (e.g., digital purchases, location, and other consumer behavior taken by devices associated with the IP address collected) for the purpose of delivering relevant advertising that are likely to be useful or timely. e. With advertising measurement providers and services We share information collected, including IP address and advertising identifiers, with Partners and their service providers in order to help us and our Advertisers understand information about the content and ads viewed, and the effectiveness of ad campaigns, including the audience that saw their ads, how they engaged or responded, determine which programs are most popular, how many people watch a program to its conclusion, and whether and how often people watch commercials. The measurement providers we use collect or receive information about your viewing of or interaction with content and ads, including ads that you view on your Smart TV and ads you view on other websites, mobile apps, and connected devices (including Smart TVs) to which we provide advertising services. We also share demographics data and audience segments (e.g., food fans, sport enthusiasts, sitcom fans, etc.) with advertising measurement providers and their service providers. Viewing Data may also be combined with other demographic and similar information, including by working with data aggregators. Measurement providers use such information to create statistics about what content and ads are being watched – for example, to help them and their clients understand the audience viewing the content or ads, and to measure the effectiveness of the ads. Through our advertising services, we provide measurement and analytics solutions to other companies. In providing these services, we analyze and reorganize ad campaign data from these companies and provide analytics reports to help them better understand the audience that viewed the company’s ads and whether those viewers belong to the same household. 6. Your Choices: How To Opt-Out of Tracking (Interest-Based Advertising) on Web Browsers and Mobile Devices a. Opting Out of Interest-Based Advertising The Company adheres to the DAA principles and Tremor Video, Inc. adheres to the DAAC principles. To learn more about interest-based advertising or to opt-out of this type of interest-based advertising by those third parties that are members of DAA’s opt-out program, please go to https://www.aboutads.info/. Unruly, LLC formally known as RhythmOne, LLC, is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI), an association dedicated to responsible data collection use in digital advertising. To learn more about the NAI and its members, or to opt out of interest-based advertising facilitated by NAI members, please go to http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1. You may also opt out of our own interest-based advertising on those same web pages, or you can simply visit our Opt-Out Page. (We make no representation about the accuracy or effectiveness of other providers opt out mechanisms, including those listed on the above industry websites.) You can also opt-out of targeted advertising based on data collected via your browser by using (i) the DAA’s opt-out tool, which can be found here ; (ii) the DAAC’s opt-out tool, which can be found here ; or (iii) the EDAA’s opt-out tool, which can be found here . When you opt out, we will stop (a) collecting information about your interests via your browser and (b) serving you targeted advertising based on the data collected via your browser. We will subsequently place a piece of data in your browser’s cookie that tells us that you have opted out – it does not contain any data about you except for the fact that you have opted out. We need this cookie in place so that we know not to collect information about your interests and serve you targeted advertising based on your interests in the future. Our “opt-out” cookie has a 13-month expiration date. b. In-App Data Opt-Out You may opt out of the continued collection of mobile app interest-based advertising through your mobile device settings, as applicable to most (but not necessarily all) mobile devices. Please go to the NAI “Mobile Choices” web page for further information about how to do this. When you do this, we will no longer use information collected through your mobile apps to deliver behaviorally targeted advertising to your device. Please note that you will continue to receive advertising after you opt-out, but it may not be tailored to your interests.c. Viewed Content Advertising and Smart TVs If you choose to activate this functionality, we may collect certain information on certain Smart TV and connected devices equipped with automatic content recognition (ACR) functionality in order to provide personalized advertising based on the programs or ads being watched on those devices, other devices with the same IP address, or browsers. We refer to the information collected as “Viewing Data” in this Policy. If you have opted-in to activating ACR on such device, the ACR functionality will continuously analyze audio from any onscreen content accessed or displayed on your Smart TV at that moment, including content from any set-top-boxes, media players, gaming consoles, over the air broadcast, or other audiovisual sources playing through your Smart TV. For more information, see Section 2 above on “Viewing Data”. The option to enable ACR is presented during the initial setup of the Smart TV and can also be accessed at any time via the Settings of the Smart TV. You can disable ACR at any time via the Settings of the Smart TV. Please refer to the device’s Privacy Notice and the Enhanced Viewing Service Privacy Notice of your Smart TV for more information. 7. Do Not Track Although certain of our technology honors “do not track” (DNT) signals and similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers or mobile device operating systems, we are not responsible, and shall not be liable, for the acts of third parties, such as ad networks, with respect to such third parties’ tracking policies. We make no representation about the accuracy or effectiveness of other providers’ opt out mechanisms, including those listed on the above industry websites. 8. Children Our Sites and Services are neither developed for, nor directed at, children under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from nor employ or offer targeting towards children under the age of 16. If you believe your child, who is under the age of 16, has provided us with personal information or registered at one of our Sites, please contact us at privacy@tremorinternational.com and we will use reasonable efforts to remove that information from our records. 9. Privacy Information for the Company’s Corporate Websites The below provides information about how information is collected and used on our Sites, including www.nexxen.com , www.amobee.com , www.tremorinternational.com , www.tremorvideo.com , www.unruly.co , www.rhythmone.com and any website on which this Privacy Policy is posted. a. Collection of Personal Information The Company’s customers are businesses and other organizations, groups and institutions, not individuals, and our corporate website collects contact information from our customers and prospective customers who request information from us. We may also sometimes collect information through business channels such as trade shows, or through marketing platforms that help us identify new customers. In addition, we and advertising and data platforms we work with may use cookies, pixels, device identifiers or other tracking methods to collect and retain “identifiers” such as cookie IDs, IP addresses to recognize you and to target or retarget ads to you when you visit our website, visit other sites across the internet, or visit other applications and services. b. How We Use This Personal Information Generally, we use the information we collect to provide customers and potential customers with information that they requested, to correspond about any questions or concerns brought to our attention, to notify such persons of new services or updates to our existing Services or more generally to market and promote our Services. We also use this information as follows: For Legal Purposes: We may share any information we have with third parties in order to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g.a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our contracts, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts, or to investigate of potential violations thereof; (c) protect the rights, property or personal safety of us, our platform, our customers, our agents and affiliates, its users and/or the public. We likewise may provide information to other companies and organizations (including law enforcement) for fraud protection, and spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes. In the Event of a Corporate Transaction: We may also share personal information in the event of a corporate transaction, including, for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets, or for purposes of due diligence connected with any such transaction.With Service Providers: We may share personal information we collect with our service providers, which may include (for instance) providers involved in tech or customer support, operations, web or data hosting, billing, accounting, security, marketing, data management, validation, enhancement or hygiene, or otherwise assisting us to provide, develop, maintain and improve our Services. c. Your Marketing Choices Anyone who has provided personal contact information through our Sites may e-mail us at privacy@tremorinternational.com to update, delete, and/or correct their personal contact information, or contact us at the information provided in Section 17 . You may likewise request access or “deletion” of your information through the same means: however, if you are an entity with which we have done business, we will likely need to retain your data for business purposes such as accounting, billing, auditing and fulfilling other legal requirements. To “opt out” of advertising platforms we may work with for our own corporate purposes (e.g., to “retarget” our customers or potential customers from this website), you may generally rely on the consumer choice mechanisms we set out in Section 6 . d. Sale of Personal Information We may allow certain third parties (such as Partners) to collect your personal information. You have the right to opt out of such disclosure of personal information, as described below in Section 6 . During the 12-month period prior to the effective date of this Privacy Policy, we have disclosed the following categories of personal information: Identifier such as a unique personal identifier (such as a device identifier, cookies, beacons, pixel tags, mobile ad identifiers and similar technology, other forms of identifiers), online identifier and IP address;Commercial information, such as records of products or services purchased, obtained or considered, and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies; and Internet and other electronic network activity information, including, but not limited to, information regarding your interaction with websites, applications or advertisements. 10. Where We Store Personal Data We are a global company with affiliates, varied business processes, management structures and technical systems around the world. Information that we collect or that is collected on our behalf may be stored on connected devices (including Smart TV) to which we provide advertising or measurement and analytics services, or on our servers, and may be transferred to, accessed from, or stored and processed globally in any other country where we or our service providers maintain facilities or call centers, including jurisdictions that may have different data privacy laws from those in your home country. The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfillment of your order or the provision of support services. We strive to transfer your information where there are appropriate measures and controls in place, and we strive to ensure that all information you provide to us is stored on secure servers. 11. For European Residents: About your GDPR Privacy Rights If you are located in Europe, you may have certain right under European privacy law, principally the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This Section of the Privacy Policy is intended solely for, and is applicable only as to, such consumers, i.e., “data subjects”; if you are not an EEA resident (or otherwise located in an EEA country), this does not apply to you and you should not rely on it. a. Our legal bases for using personal information All organizations need a legal reason to use your personal information. There are a number of legal grounds that enable data processing. Below are the most relevant grounds of which you should be aware. With your consent There are some activities where we process personal information with your consent.For example, where we want to send you marketing messages by email, we would ask your permission first and you could opt out at any time. For a legitimate interest We may use your information where there is a legitimate interest to do so. For example, we may use your information where it would help achieve our business objectives or to facilitate a benefit to you or someone else. Our legitimate interests in processing personal data include: to develop, deliver and maintain relevant and engaging products, services and/or advertising;understanding when audiences engage with our Customers’ ads;to build a clearer understanding of who our Customer’s audiences are in order to better serve more relevant advertising to those audiences, for the benefit of both individuals and our Customers;to maximize advertising revenues for publishers and therefore help to maintain a diverse ecosystem of online independent publishers of content for users to enjoy and educate themselves; to support individual and societal rights to receive information;to improve user website experience by delivering brand safe, high quality advertising to all of the publishers of online content with which we work;to carry on the business of a commercial organization;to demonstrate that we provide services and products to agreed industry standards; andsharing information with the Nexxen Group companies for analysis, audience insights, business efficiencies, content personalization and to deliver relevant advertising. To comply with legal obligations There may be situations where we need to use your information to comply with legal and regulatory obligations or to defend claims. b. Exercising Your Data Subject Rights Under the GDPR If you are a resident of the European Economic Area, you have the following data protection rights: If you wish to access, correct, update or request deletion of your personal data, you can do so at any time by contacting us at privacy@tremorinternational.com or you may visit our Manage User Data page , where you may make an “access” or “right to know” request, or request that we “opt out” your personal information from our active database.In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal data, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information. Again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us at privacy@tremorinternational.com . You have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. You can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you. To opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), then please contact us at privacy@tremorinternational.com .Similarly, if we have collected and process your personal data with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time, by contacting us at privacy@tremorinternational.com or (as to information that we use in our Services), by going to [your data page] . Withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal data conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent. You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. 12. Updates to this Privacy Policy We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. When we update our Privacy Policy, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. We will obtain your consent to any material Privacy Policy changes if and where this is required by applicable data protection laws. You can see when this Privacy Policy was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this Privacy Policy. 13. Data Retention Personal information we collect may be retained for as long as needed to fulfill legitimate business purposes. The Company expires certain cookies, including cookies directed to European users, after 12 months. Except as permitted by law, we may retain aggregated and anonymized user information (e.g., to create group-level data), for an indefinite period but usually no more than 2 years. 14. Information Security We take measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of data we collect and store. These may include internal reviews of our data collection, storage, firewalls and processing practices and security measures. Of course, no security system is perfect.Thus, while we do take measures to safeguard against unauthorized access to, or alteration of data we collect and store, we cannot guarantee that it will not be disclosed or accessed inadvertently or through the unauthorized acts of others. 15. California “Shine the Light” Law California’s “Shine the Light” law (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.83) permits California residents to request and receive, once per calendar year and free of charge, information about our sharing of your personal information (if any) with third parties for their own direct marketing use. We do not share the information subject to that law for those covered purposes. For information about other California privacy rights you may have, please see the below sections. 16. Privacy Rights and Information for Residents of California and Other Applicable States The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides certain rights to residents of California. Other states’ laws (upon becoming effective) provide similar (though not identical) rights to their own residents – including residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia (“Other Applicable States”). This Section of the Privacy Policy applies if you are a natural person who is a resident of one of those states, or of California (“California Consumer”), when we act in the capacity as a business or controller as defined by the laws of such states. This Addendum supplements the information and disclosures in the Privacy Policy for residents of those states that recognize these particularized rights. The following sets forth the categories of information we collect and purposes for which we may use Consumers’ personal information. ( Examples provided for each category are merely examples found in the statute, and do not indicate that we necessarily collect that type of information or identifier. ) Our Collection of Consumer Personal Information Depending on how you interact with us, we may collect about you the categories of information summarized in the table below. The following table also describes how we collect and use such categories of information. We do not knowingly collect consumer information deemed “sensitive” under the CCPA, such as information that reveals race, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation or information about specific medical conditions. Category (examples for each are statutory; all may not be collected) Business Purpose Categories of Sources Identifiers, e.g. , name; alias; postal address; mobile ad identifiers; IP address; telephone number; email address; social network handles Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing. Data compilers and consumer data platforms and aggregators, informational and retail websites (“Commercial Source Categories”)Consumers (through browsers, apps, and mobile devices) (“Consumers”)Ad networks Our affiliates (“Affiliates”), including the following: Addination Amobee ANZ Pty Ltd Amobee Asia Pte Amobee EMEA Ltd Amobee Ltd Nexxen Group US Holdings Inc Perk.com Canada Inc. SpearAd Taptica Inc Unmedia Video Distribution Sdn Bhd Unruly Group, LLC Unruly Media KK Unruly Media Pte. Ltd Unruly Media Pty Ltd Characteristics of protected classifications under California or other US law (inferenced or actual, including self-reported) e.g., race; color; religion; sex/gender; pregnancy, marital status; military or veteran status; national origin; ancestry; age (over 40) (may be inferenced, actual or self-reported) Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing. Commercial Source CategoriesConsumersAd networksOur affiliates Commercial or transactions information e.g. , products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies, including regarding cannabis products and services. Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing. Commercial Source CategoriesOur affiliates Internet or other electronic network activity information e.g. , browsing history; online interests. Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing. Commercial Source Categories Consumers Ad networks Our affiliates Geolocation data e.g., latitude/longitude coordinates from mobile devices Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing. Commercial Source Categories Consumers Ad networks Our affiliates Professional or employment-related information e.g. , current or past job history or job title.Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing. Commercial Source CategoriesPublic records and other publicly available sources Inferenced Data e.g., consumer information, lifestyle or purchasing preferences. Creation of audiences and consumer insights for digital and other advertising, and related services such as campaign measurement and data marketing. Commercial Source Categories Consumers Ad networks Our affiliates Our Disclosure, Sale and Sharing of Personal Information We may share and sell the information collected from and about you as discussed above for various business purposes, with service providers and with third parties including our Customers, advertising platforms, and those advertising platforms’ customers. These business purposes often involve cross-context behavioral advertising, also known as “targeted” advertising. The table below describes how and with whom we share or disclose personal information, and whether we believe we have “sold” or “shared” a particular category of information in the prior 12 months. “Sharing” information is a concept defined under California privacy laws (but not necessarily other states’ privacy laws) and includes using (or permitting others to use) the information we collect for cross-context or “targeted” advertising. (In our case – because we often earn money in exchange for making available information for advertising purposes – we may be involved in both a “sale” and a “share” of that information.) For maximal transparency, we have been deliberately inclusive in our terminology, by including within categories both types of third parties (e.g., “retailers”) and types of platforms through which those third parties might access data (e.g., “advertising networks”). We reiterate that xamples provided for each category are merely examples found in the statute, and do not indicate that we necessarily sell, disclose, and/or share that type of information or identifier. Category Categories of Third Parties We M ay Share With Whether We “Sold” o r “Shared” This Category of Personal Information in the Last 12 Months Identifiers , e.g. , name; alias; postal address; mobile ad identifiers; IP address; telephone number; email address; social network handles Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providersSocial networks Yes Characteristics of protected classifications under California or US law (inferenced or actual) e.g., race; color; religion; sex/gender; pregnancy, marital status; military or veteran status; national origin; ancestry; age (over 40) (may be inferenced, actual or self-reported) Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providersSocial networks Yes Commercial or transactions information e.g. , products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networks Advertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providersSocial networks Yes Internet or other electronic network activity information e.g. , browsing history; online interests. Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networksAdvertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providersSocial networks Yes Professional or employment-related information e.g. , current or past job history or job title.Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networksAdvertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providersSocial networks Yes Inference Data e.g., consumer information, lifestyle or purchasing preferences. Data compilers and consumer data resellers, healthcare and pharmaceutical companies, consumer goods retailers, other retailers, informational and retail websites, content publishers, non-profit organizations, business-to-business services and organizations, consumer surveys and survey companies, affiliate networksAdvertising networks and media platforms, data management and “onboarding” platforms, internet service providers, data analytics providersSocial networks Yes Please see the below sections to learn the purposes for which we collect and share personal information. Our Business Purposes for Selling and Sharing Personal Information We collect and share the personal information that we collect for the below purposes, as we also have described in our Privacy Policy and/or our website. Online targeting, for example: Creating or helping to create defined audience segments based on common demographics and/or shared (actual or inferred) interests or preferences (e.g., households with prospective students). These audience segments may be based on the collective website behavior of consumers and indicate whether a consumer is likely to want to make a particular type of purchase or engage in a particular type of commercial behavior. We also sometimes work with a data partner that “matches” our or other Information through coded identification techniques (such as through coded data “hashing”) with online cookies and other identifiers to target and measure ad campaigns online across various display, mobile and other media channels.We also create or assisting customers in creating or enhancing “identity” graphs to help locate consumers across various channels, such as based on common personal, device-based, or network-based identifiers (e.g., IP address, email address)We also use the personal information we collect or receive online to provide related services, such as for measuring the effectiveness of and otherwise analyzing ad campaigns. e use personal information for other internal purposes, for example: For internal research, internal operations, auditing, detecting security incidents, debugging, short-term and transient use, quality control, and legal compliance.We sometimes use the personal information collected from our own website, from social networks, from other “business to business” interactions (such as at trade shows) or from data compilers for the above purposes, as well as for our own marketing purposes. We also may share any of the personal information we collect for other legal, corporate or operational purposes. Sharing for legal purposes. For instance, we may share personal information with third parties in order to: (a) comply with legal process or a regulatory investigation (e.g. a subpoena or court order); (b) enforce our Terms of Service, legal rights, this Privacy Policy, or other contracts with you, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; and/or (d) protect the rights, property or personal safety of us, our platform, our customers, our agents and affiliates, its users and/or the public. Sharing to prevent consumer harm or fraud. We likewise may provide information to other companies and organizations (including law enforcement) for fraud protection, spam/malware prevention, and similar purposes. haring for purposes of a corporate transaction. We may also share personal information in the event of a major corporate transaction, including for example a merger, investment, acquisition, reorganization, consolidation, bankruptcy, liquidation, or sale of some or all of our assets, or for purposes of due diligence connected with any such transaction. Sharing With Service Providers: We share any personal information we collect with our service providers, which may include (for instance) providers involved in tech or customer support, operations, web or data hosting, billing, accounting, security, marketing, data management, validation, enhancement or hygiene, or otherwise assisting us to provide, develop, maintain and improve our services. Sharing of Aggregate Information We may aggregate and/or de-identify any information collected so that such information can no longer be linked to you or your device (“ Aggregate/De-Identified Information ”).We may use Aggregate/De-Identified Information for any purpose, including, without limitation, for research and marketing purposes, and we may also share such data with any third parties, including advertisers, promotional partners, and sponsors, in our discretion. Our Retention of Information We retain personal information as a “business” or “controller” under applicable state privacy laws if it is relevant and useful for purposes of our products and services or we have a legal or compliance reason to do so, and provided the information is not subject to a valid request for deletion. (We may retain information after deletion where legally permitted or required for a legal compliance, auditing or accounting reason.) Your Privacy Rights and Choices As noted above, residents of certain U.S. states have particular privacy rights, including residents of California and (upon various “effective” dates occurring during 2023) Colorado, Connecticut, Utah and Virginia (“Applicable State Residents”). The scope and nature of these rights vary in each state, so we have sought to explain these rights in the most transparent and uniform terms, below. Without being discriminated against for exercising these rights, California residents, as well as residents of the Applicable States, have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect from you, to delete that information, and to opt-out of the sale of your personal information, subject to certain restrictions. If you are a resident of such a state, you also have the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf (so long as your state of residence continues to recognize that right). This section describes how to exercise those rights and our process for handling those requests. (To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may charge a reasonable fee to comply with your request.) We may withhold these rights to the extent that the law in your state of residence does not recognize or no longer recognizes these rights. Note that sometimes, we act only as a “service provider” or “processor” to our customers (for instance, if they provide information to us solely to use our marketing or data management tools), in which case any consumer requests for opt-out, deletion or access to data must be made through that client: we therefore will forward any such requests to a named client, where feasible. a. The right to access, correction and disclosure You may have the right to request, twice during a twelve-month period, the following information about the personal information we have collected about you during the past 12 months: the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;the categories of sources from which we collected the personal information;the business or commercial purpose for which we collected or sold the personal information;the categories of third parties with whom we shared the personal information; andthe categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to whom we sold or disclosed that information for a business purpose. You also may request correction of your personal information, such as if you believe we have incorrect information pertaining to you. b. The right to deletion You may have the right to request that we delete the personal information we have collected from you. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. We need certain types of information so that we can provide our Services to you, and may retain certain information for important business purposes, such as fulfilling our legal obligations, or for security, auditing or de-bugging purposes. c. How to exercise your access and deletion rights California residents and residents of Other Applicable States may exercise their access or deletion rights by accessing our “Manage user data” page or by sending an email to privacy@tremorinternational.com . For security purposes, we will verify your identity – in part by requesting or automatically capturing certain information from you — when you request to exercise your applicable privacy rights. For instance, you may need to provide your email address. To request that we provide you with the specific pieces of personal information we have from you or to delete personal information we have collected from you, we may also need to ask you for additional information to verify your identity. Once we have verified your identity (and your agent, as applicable), we will respond to your request as appropriate.Where you have requested the categories of personal information that we have collected about you, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA or other applicable law.Where you have requested specific pieces of personal information, we will provide the information you have requested, except where not permitted under applicable law or otherwise exempted by the CCPA or other applicable law.Where you have requested that we delete personal information that we have collected from you, we will delete any information about you that is not necessary for the purposes indicated above or another permissible business, security or legal purpose. Certain information may be exempt from such requests under applicable law. If we are unable to complete your requests fully for any of the reasons above, we will provide you additional information about the reasons that we could not comply with your request. d. The right to nondiscrimination We will not deny, charge different prices for, or provide a different level of quality of goods or services if you choose to exercise these rights. e. The right to “opt-out” of the sale of your personal information You have the right to opt out of the “sale” of your personal information. California law (for instance) broadly defines sale such that it may include, for example, allowing third parties to receive and use certain information, such as cookies IP address and/or browsing behavior, to deliver targeted advertising. If you wish to “opt out” of our “sale” of your information, i.e., for purposes of personalized advertising, we recommend employing the options we provide and explain in Section 6 (as we believe those methods are the easiest and most efficient). However, you may also visit the interactive form that we make available at https://yourdata.rhythmone.com/#/ and Consumer Opt Out — Amobee . f. Authorized Agents You may also designate an agent to make requests to exercise your rights, where applicable state law (such as the CCPA) permits you to do so. In such case, we will take steps both to verify the identity of the person seeking to exercise their rights as listed above, and to verify that your agent has been authorized to make a request on your behalf through providing us with a signed written authorization or a copy of a validly executed power of attorney. g. Right to Appeal In some states you have a right to appeal our decision about how or whether we honor your privacy rights request(s). In the event that we inform you that we will not, or believe we cannot, honor a particular consumer request (for instance, if we have determined we cannot verify your identity, or if we believe you are not entitled to the scope of deletion you request), and you live in such a state, you may appeal our determination by emailing us at privacy@tremorinternational.com Opt-out of sale requests are often effectively accomplished through automated suppression methods, either by a consumer causing another website (such as a content publisher) to avoid selling browser-related data, or by deploying our opt-out cookie located at https://unruly.co/legal/privacy/#your-choices as well as on various industry opt-out pages. Opting out in these ways causes data associated with a consumer’s device to be effectively disassociated from their device and/or suppressed from usage. 17. How to Contact Us If you have any questions, concerns or requests please contact us by email at privacy@tremorinternational.com or 1177 Avenue of the Americas, 9 th Floor, New York, NY, 10036. Ready to build your platform? Contact Us Email First name Last name Job title Seniority Company name Company Type Country/Region State/Region What is your interest in Amobee? How did you hear about us? To get you to the right person, tell us a little bit more about your situation. Lead Source Content Type I consent to being contacted by Amobee sales or marketing personnel. The personal data on this form will be processed to provide me with information I have requested about Amobee products and services. I can withdraw my consent at any time by sending an e-mail notification. I agree to receive other communications from AmobeeI agree to allow Amobee to store and process my personal data. You can unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For more information on how to unsubscribe, our privacy practices, and how we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, please review our Privacy Guidelines . Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Choices and Opt Out Rights | Do Not Sell My Personal Information | General Data Protection Regulation Policy | California Consumer Privacy Act Disclosures © 2021 Amobee, Inc. All rights reserved.Adconion, Kontera, Turn and Videology are trademarks of Amobee, Inc. Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Performance Cookies Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy & Terms Privacy Policy Google Privacy Policy When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information. Privacy Checkup Looking to change your privacy settings? Contents We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include: Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google HomePlatforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating systemProducts that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like Chrome Incognito mode. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control what we collect and how your information is used. To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for key terms . And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us . Information Google collects We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful , the people who matter most to you online , or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls. When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity. When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as personal information . Things you create or provide to us When you create a Google Account, you provide us with personal information that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a phone number or payment information to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services. We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services. This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos. Information we collect as you use our services Your apps, browsers & devices We collect information about the apps, browsers, and devices you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low. The information we collect includes unique identifiers , browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including IP address , crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your request. We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an Android device with Google apps , your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your device type and carrier name , crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings, other information about how you’re using your Android device . Your activity We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like.The activity information we collect may include: Terms you search forVideos you watchPurchase activityPeople with whom you communicate or share contentActivity on third-party sites and apps that use our servicesChrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account If you use our services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages , we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages. You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account. Your location information We collect information about your location when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your general location. Your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by: GPS and other sensor data from your device Activity on Google services, such as your searches and places you label like home or work Information about things near your device , such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can turn your Android device’s location on or off using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on Location History if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about how we use location information . In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources . For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse . We also receive information from advertising partners to provide advertising and research services on their behalf . We use various technologies to collect and store information, including cookies , pixel tags , local storage, such as browser web storage or application data caches , databases, and server logs . Why Google collects data We use data to build better services We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes: Provide our services We use your information to deliver our services , like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts. Maintain & improve our services We also use your information to ensure our services are working as intended , such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to make improvements to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services. Develop new services We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Provide personalized services, including content and ads We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results . For example, Security Checkup provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like. Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalized ads based on your interests. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . We don’t show you personalized ads based on sensitive categories , such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to.For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop. Measure performance We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to link information about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services. Communicate with you We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing. Protect Google, our users, and the public We use information to help improve the safety and reliability of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public . We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use algorithms to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate. We may combine the information we collect among our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google. If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example. We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy. Your privacy controls You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the Privacy Checkup , which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our Product Privacy Guide . Managing, reviewing, and updating your information When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google. We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your Google Account includes: Privacy controls Activity Controls Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services , such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services. Ad settings Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.About you Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services. Shared endorsements Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads. Sites and apps that use Google services Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services. Ways to review & update your information My Activity My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity. Google Dashboard Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Your personal information Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number. When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including: Signed-out search personalization: Choose whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.YouTube settings: Pause and delete your YouTube Search History and your YouTube Watch History . Ad Settings: Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Exporting, removing & deleting your information You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Inactive Account Manager allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account. And finally, you can also request to remove content from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies. There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including: Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a cookie in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services rely on cookies to function properly , for things like remembering your language preferences.Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can modify location settings on your Android device. Sharing your information When you share your information Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search. When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting . When Google shares your information We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases: With your consent We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you use Google Home to make a reservation through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to review and manage third party apps and sites you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any sensitive personal information . With domain administrators If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your domain administrator and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account.They may be able to: Access and retain information stored in your account, like your emailView statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you installChange your account passwordSuspend or terminate your account accessReceive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental requestRestrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings For external processing We provide personal information to our affiliates and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies. For legal reasons We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to: Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request . We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report .Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues. Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users , or the public as required or permitted by law. We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. We also allow specific partners to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies. If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy. Keeping your information secure We build security into our services to protect your information All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected. We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including: We use encryption to keep your data private while in transitWe offer a range of security features, like Safe Browsing , Security Checkup, and 2 Step Verification to help you protect your accountWe review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations. Exporting & deleting your information You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Retaining your information We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings: Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your personal info or the content you create or upload, like photos and documents . You can also delete activity information saved in your account, or choose to have it deleted automatically after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as advertising data in server logs.We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping. When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems. You can read more about Google’s data retention periods , including how long it takes us to delete your information. Compliance & cooperation with regulators We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it. Data transfers We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data. When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly. U.S. state law requirements Some U.S. state privacy laws require specific disclosures. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how Google handles your information: We explain the categories of information Google collects and the sources of that information in Information Google collects .We explain the purposes for which Google collects and uses information in Why Google collects data .We explain when Google may disclose information in Sharing your information . Google does not sell your personal information. Google also does not “share” your personal information as that term is defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). We explain how Google retains information in Retaining your information . You can also learn more about how Google anonymizes data . As described there, when Google anonymizes data to protect your privacy, we maintain policies and technical measures to avoid re-identifying that information. U.S. state privacy laws also provide the right to request information about how Google collects, uses, and discloses your information. And they give you the right to access your information, sometimes in a portable format; correct your information; and to request that Google delete that information. Many of these laws also provide the right to opt out of certain forms of profiling and targeted advertising. They also provide the right to not be discriminated against for exercising these privacy rights. Finally, the CCPA treats certain kinds of information, like health data, as sensitive; when users provide this information, Google only uses it for purposes permitted by the CCPA, like to provide services that are requested and expected by our users. We describe the choices you have to manage your privacy and data across Google’s services in Your privacy controls . These tools allow you to access, review, update and delete your information, as well as export and download a copy of it. You can also control what information we use to show you ads, or turn off personalized ads, by visiting My Ad Center . When you use these tools, we’ll validate your request by verifying that you’re signed in to your Google Account. If you have questions or requests related to your rights under U.S. state privacy laws, you (or your authorized agent) can also contact Google . And if you disagree with the decision on your request, you can ask Google to reconsider it by responding to our email. We also provide more information on Google’s handling of CCPA requests. Some U.S. state privacy laws also require a description of data practices using specific categories. This table uses these categories to organize the information in this Privacy Policy. Categories of information we collect Identifiers and similar information such as your name and password, phone number, and address, as well as unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. Some Google services like YouTube Studio provide the option to submit a valid ID (such as a passport or driver’s license) to verify your identity to use additional features.Demographic information , such as your age , gender and language . If you choose to use optional features like YouTube Creator Demographics , you can also provide additional information, like your gender identity or race and ethnicity. Commercial information such as your payment information and a history of purchases you make on Google’s services. Biometric information if you choose to provide it, such as fingerprints in Google’s product development studies. Internet, network, and other activity information such as your search terms; views and interactions with content and ads; Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account; information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity); and activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in My Activity . Geolocation data , such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings. Depending on these settings, this may include precise location data , for example GPS data for Android features like navigation or finding your phone. Learn more about Google’s use of location information . Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information , such as voice and audio information . Communications data , such as emails, if you use our services to send and receive messages . Health information if you choose to provide it, such as your medical history, vital signs and health metrics (like blood glucose levels), and other similar information related to your physical or mental health, in the course of using Google services that offer health-related features, such as the Google Health Studies app . Professional, employment, and education information , such as information you provide or that is maintained through an organization using Google services at which you study or work. Other information you create or provide , such as the content you create, upload, or receive (like photos and videos or emails, docs and spreadsheets). Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Inferences drawn from the above, like your ads interest categories . Business purposes for which information may be used or disclosed Protecting against security threats, abuse, and illegal activity : Google uses and may disclose information to detect, prevent and respond to security incidents, and for protecting against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity. For example, to protect our services, Google may receive or disclose information about IP addresses that malicious actors have compromised. Auditing and measurement : Google uses information for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used, as well as to fulfill obligations to our partners like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. We may disclose non-personally identifiable information publicly and with these partners, including for auditing purposes. Maintaining our services : Google uses information to ensure our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting bugs and other issues that you report to us. Research and development : Google uses information to improve our services and to develop new products, features and technologies that benefit our users and the public. For example, we use publicly available information to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Use of service providers : Google shares information with service providers to perform services on our behalf, in compliance with our Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we may rely on service providers to help provide customer support. Advertising : Google processes information to provide advertising, including online identifiers, browsing and search activity, and information about your location and interactions with advertisements. This keeps Google’s services and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . Legal reasons : Google also uses information to satisfy applicable laws or regulations, and discloses information in response to legal process or enforceable government requests, including to law enforcement. We provide information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report . Parties with whom information may be disclosed Other people with whom you choose to share your information , like docs or photos, and videos or comments on YouTube. Third parties with your consent , such as services that integrate with Google’s services.You can review and manage third party apps and sites with access to data in your Google Account. Service providers , trusted businesses, or persons that process information on Google’s behalf, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Domain administrators , if you work or study at an organization that uses Google services. Law enforcement or other third parties , for the legal reasons described in Sharing your information . About this policy When this policy applies This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its affiliates , including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to: The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our servicesServices offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services Changes to this policy We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to archived versions for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). Related privacy practices Specific Google services The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services: If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the Google Cloud Privacy Notice . Other useful resources The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings. Your Google Account is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account Privacy Checkup guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account Google’s safety center helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online Google’s Teen Privacy Guide provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy Privacy & Terms provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service Technologies includes more information about:Technologies used for Advertising Key terms Affiliates An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the companies providing business services in the EU . Algorithm A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations. Application data cache An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content. Browser web storage Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5. Cookies A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about how Google uses cookies and how Google uses data, including cookies, when you use our partners' sites or apps . Device A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices. Google Account You may access some of our services by signing up for a Google Account and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.IP address Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Non-personally identifiable information This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user. Personal information This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account. Pixel tag A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies. Referrer URL A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited. Sensitive personal information This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality. Server logs Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this: is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet. is the date and time of the query. is the requested URL, including the search query. is the browser and operating system being used. is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device). Unique identifiers A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed. Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about how Google uses cookies . On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be managed in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services. Additional Context ads you’ll find most useful For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more about Google ads and why you may see particular ads . advertising and research services on their behalf For example, advertisers may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people. Android device with Google apps Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features.Learn more about Google Play Services . combine the information we collect Some examples of how we combine the information we collect include: When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos. Learn more If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know. Learn more The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based your activity. Learn more If you link your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone. Learn more customized search results For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can learn more here . You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can search and browse privately or turn off signed-out search personalization . deliver our services Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include: We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube videoWe use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google AccountPhotos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, animations, and other creations that you can share. Learn more A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your GmailWhen you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase. detect abuse When we detect spam, malware, illegal content, and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities. devices For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account. ensure and improve For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads. ensure our services are working as intended For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly. Information about things near your device If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services. Learn more legal process, or enforceable governmental request Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our Transparency Report . make improvements For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services.And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone. may link information Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic. Learn more our users For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights. Learn more . partner with Google There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Learn more payment information For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this. We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account. Learn more personalized ads You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads. Learn more phone number If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you. Learn more protect against abuse For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account). publicly accessible sources For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services. rely on cookies to function properly For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected. Learn more safety and reliability Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include: Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access. Learn more sensitive categories When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we require the same from advertisers that use our services. Sensor data from your device Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. servers around the world For example, we operate data centers located around the world to help keep our products continuously available for users.services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages Examples of these services include: Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemailGoogle Meet, for making and receiving video callsGmail, for sending and receiving emailsGoogle Chat, for sending and receiving messagesGoogle Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messagesGoogle Fi, for a phone plan show trends When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms. Learn more specific Google services For example, you can delete your blog from Blogger or a Google Site you own from Google Sites. You can also delete reviews you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store. specific partners For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings. Learn more about these partners and how they use your information. synced with your Google Account Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account. Learn more the people who matter most to you online For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you contact most frequently . the public For example, we process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices. third parties For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you. U.S. state privacy laws These laws include: California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA);Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA);Colorado Privacy Act (CPA);Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring (CTDPA); andUtah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) Views and interactions with content and ads For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears. Voice and audio information For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation. Learn more your activity on other sites and apps This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your account settings and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information. Learn more about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps. Change language:Your choice regarding cookies on this site. Do not sell or share my personal information Necessary Preferences Statistics Marketing __cflb hcaptcha.com Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. 1 day HTTP INGRESSCOOKIE hcaptcha.com This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Session HTTP JSESSIONID [x3] Preserves users states across page requests. Session HTTP Used in order to detect spam and improve the website's security. Session HTTP embed/v3/counters.gif [x2] Used to implement forms on the website. Session Pixel __cf_bm [x6] This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. 1 day HTTP _cfuvid This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Session HTTP _GRECAPTCHA This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. 179 days HTTP CONSENT [x2] Used to detect if the visitor has accepted the marketing category in the cookie banner. This cookie is necessary for GDPR-compliance of the website. 2 years HTTP rc::a This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Persistent HTML rc::b This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Session HTML rc::c This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Session HTML BIGipServer# Used to distribute traffic to the website on several servers in order to optimise response times. Session HTTP __cfruid This cookie is a part of the services provided by Cloudflare - Including load-balancing, deliverance of website content and serving DNS connection for website operators. Session HTTP CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain 1 year HTTP li_gc Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain 180 days HTTP AWSALBTG Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. 7 days HTTP AWSALBTGCORS Registers which server-cluster is serving the visitor. This is used in context with load balancing, in order to optimize user experience. 7 days HTTP OptanonConsent cdn.cookielaw.org Determines whether the visitor has accepted the cookie consent box. This ensures that the cookie consent box will not be presented again upon re-entry. 1 year HTTP ASP.NET_SessionId Preserves the visitor's session state across page requests. Session HTTP bscookie [x2] This cookie is used to identify the visitor through an application. This allows the visitor to login to a website through their LinkedIn application for example. 1 year HTTP _splunk_rum_sid cdn.signalfx.com Detects and logs potential errors on third-party provided functions on the website. Session HTTP CookieConsentBulkSetting-# Enables cookie consent across multiple websites Persistent HTML player Saves the user's preferences when playing embedded videos from Vimeo. 1 year HTTP sync_active Contains data on visitor's video-content preferences - This allows the website to remember parameters such as preferred volume or video quality. The service is provided by Vimeo.com. Persistent HTML collect Used to send data to Google Analytics about the visitor's device and behavior. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Session Pixel __hssc js.hs-banner.com Identifies if the cookie data needs to be updated in the visitor's browser. 1 day HTTP __hssrc js.hs-banner.com Used to recognise the visitor's browser upon reentry on the website. Session HTTP __hstc js.hs-banner.com Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. 180 days HTTP _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. 400 days HTTP _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. 400 days HTTP _gat Used by Google Analytics to throttle request rate 1 day HTTP _gid Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. 1 day HTTP _hjAbsoluteSessionInProgress This cookie is used to count how many times a website has been visited by different visitors - this is done by assigning the visitor an ID, so the visitor does not get registered twice. 1 day HTTP _hjFirstSeen This cookie is used to determine if the visitor has visited the website before, or if it is a new visitor on the website.1 day HTTP _hjIncludedInSessionSample_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. 1 day HTTP _hjSession_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. 1 day HTTP _hjSessionUser_# Collects statistics on the visitor's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been read. 1 year HTTP _hjTLDTest Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Session HTTP hubspotutk js.hs-banner.com Sets a unique ID for the session. This allows the website to obtain data on visitor behaviour for statistical purposes. 180 days HTTP ln_or Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. 1 day HTTP AnalyticsSyncHistory Used in connection with data-synchronization with third-party analysis service. 30 days HTTP ajs_anonymous_id This cookie is used to identify a specific visitor - this information is used to identify the number of specific visitors on a website. 1 year HTTP vuid Collects data on the user's visits to the website, such as which pages have been read. 2 years HTTP td Registers statistical data on users' behaviour on the website. Used for internal analytics by the website operator. Session Pixel yt-player-headers-readable Used to determine the optimal video quality based on the visitor's device and network settings. Persistent HTML sp.pl Registers user behaviour and navigation on the website, and any interaction with active campaigns. This is used for optimizing advertisement and for efficient retargeting. Session Pixel CMID Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. 1 year HTTP CMPRO Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. 3 months HTTP CMPS Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. 3 months HTTP rum Collects data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. Session Pixel tv2track.php Collects data on visitor behaviour from multiple websites, in order to present more relevant advertisement - This also allows the website to limit the number of times that they are shown the same advertisement. Session Pixel tuuid Collects visitor data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. 400 days HTTP tuuid_lu Contains a unique visitor ID, which allows Bidswitch.com to track the visitor across multiple websites. This allows Bidswitch to optimize advertisement relevance and ensure that the visitor does not see the same ads multiple times. 400 days HTTP ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Session Pixel GOOGLE_ABUSE_EXEMPTION Pending Session HTTP rc::f This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. Persistent HTML pagead/landing Tracks the conversion rate between the user and the advertisement banners on the website - This serves to optimise the relevance of the advertisements on the website. Session Pixel __ptq.gif Sends data to the marketing platform Hubspot about the visitor's device and behaviour. Tracks the visitor across devices and marketing channels. Session Pixel _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. 3 months HTTP _mkto_trk Contains data on visitor behaviour and website interaction. This is used in context with the email marketing service Marketo.com, which allows the website to target visitors via email.400 days HTTP _tq_id.TV-#-1.01ef Pending 400 days HTTP conversion/1hk03g Pending Session Pixel conversion/1hk1a3 Pending Session Pixel conversion/1hk1b7 Pending Session Pixel conversion/1hk255 Pending Session Pixel conversion/1hk259 Pending Session Pixel conversion/1hk26i Pending Session Pixel conversion/1hk26j Pending Session Pixel conversion/1hk26k Pending Session Pixel conversion/1hk26l Pending Session Pixel conversion/1hk26m Pending Session Pixel conversion/1hk35l Pending Session Pixel smcx_252690361_last_shown_at Pending Session HTTP uuid [x2] This cookie is used to optimize ad relevance by collecting visitor data from multiple websites – this exchange of visitor data is normally provided by a third-party data-center or ad-exchange. 3 months HTTP bcookie Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. 1 year HTTP li_sugr Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. 3 months HTTP lidc Used by the social networking service, LinkedIn, for tracking the use of embedded services. 1 day HTTP UserMatchHistory Ensures visitor browsing-security by preventing cross-site request forgery. This cookie is essential for the security of the website and visitor. 30 days HTTP __hmpl Collects information on user preferences and/or interaction with web-campaign content - This is used on CRM-campaign-platform used by website owners for promoting events or products. Persistent HTML ep# Saves user states across page requests when completing a web-based survey. 3 months HTTP sync Collects data on user behaviour and interaction in order to optimize the website and make advertisement on the website more relevant. Session Pixel tv_UIDM Pending 400 days HTTP tvid Presents the user with relevant content and advertisement. The service is provided by third-party advertisement hubs, which facilitate real-time bidding for advertisers. 1 year HTTP r/beacon Used to track the visitor across multiple devices including TV. This is done in order to re-target the visitor through multiple channels. Session Pixel uid Collects anonymous data related to the user's visits to the website, such as the number of visits, average time spent on the website and what pages have been loaded, with the purpose of displaying targeted ads. 180 days HTTP i/jot/embeds Sets a unique ID for the visitor, that allows third party advertisers to target the visitor with relevant advertisement. This pairing service is provided by third party advertisement hubs, which facilitates real-time bidding for advertisers. Session Pixel RichHistory Collects data on visitors' preferences and behaviour on the website - This information is used make content and advertisement more relevant to the specific visitor. Session HTML dismissedBanners Collects user data through quiz/survey-like content. This allows the website to promote relevant products or services. Persistent HTML experiments-fingerprint Collects user data through quiz/survey-like content. This allows the website to promote relevant products or services. 6 months HTTP experiments-raw Collects user data through quiz/survey-like content. This allows the website to promote relevant products or services. 6 months HTTP GNWTracker Used to implement blog or article content onto the website from other websites. This implementation also allows the origin-website to track on the website. Session HTTP A3 Collects information on user behaviour on multiple websites. This information is used in order to optimize the relevance of advertisement on the website. 1 year HTTP YSC Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Session HTTP yt.innertube::nextId Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen. Persistent HTML yt.innertube::requests Registers a unique ID to keep statistics of what videos from YouTube the user has seen.Persistent HTML ytidb::LAST_RESULT_ENTRY_KEY Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML yt-remote-cast-available Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-cast-installed Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-connected-devices Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML yt-remote-device-id Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Persistent HTML yt-remote-fast-check-period Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-session-app Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML yt-remote-session-name Stores the user's video player preferences using embedded YouTube video Session HTML 1x1.gif Pending Session Pixel app_93303_DetailedQuoteTab Pending Persistent HTML app_93303_InteractiveChart Pending Persistent HTML app_93303_PriceHistory Pending Persistent HTML CX_252690361 Pending 1 year HTTP newsroom/ti Pending Session Pixel Close Window Innovid and Consumer Privacy Data Protection and Consumer Privacy is Paramount to Innovid: As the only independent omni-channel advertising analytics and measurement platform built for television, Innovid is dedicated to a high standard of consumer privacy and data protection, while maintaining quality online advertising and measurement services for various advertisers, agencies, publishers and other businesses across various third party websites and online media. Innovid has restrictive policies for the collection, use and sharing of consumer data. We maintain membership with the Network Advertising Initiative ( NAI ) and the Digital Advertising Alliance ( DAA ), and also maintain accreditation with the Media Rating Council ( MRC ). We are also a participating vendor in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework ( TCF ). Innovid’s collection of data generally consists of basic data elements associated with advertisements served or measured by Innovid, such as impressions, clicks, mouse movements, viewing duration, IP address, date and time of interaction, information about the general geographical location from which a consumer is viewing an advertisement, device type, and other generic identifiers made available by the browser or device. Innovid collects these data elements on behalf of its clients in a privacy-compliant manner for the clients’ legitimate business interests and purposes, in order to effectively measure and evaluate the performance of the client’s advertising campaigns, deliver, schedule and sequence ads, administer the client’s account, and /or provide the client with engagement or performance analysis. At a client’s request (where the client uses Innovid’s ad serving services) , Innovid may assist the client to target its ads based on the client’s first-party data or based on data from the client’s selected data management platform. Innovid also offers frequency and ad personalization features such as ad sequencing and creative decisioning based on factors such as general geographic location. However, Innovid does not create user segments or user profiles. Innovid also does not collect any categories of data deemed sensitive under applicable laws or NAI standards. In a limited number of use cases, the client also has the option to have Innovid collect user-volunteered email addresses or phone numbers on its behalf from selected advertising formats; in these cases, such user-volunteered data is collected from the consumer solely on an opt-in basis, and is used solely to fulfill the client’s request. Please read the Innovid Privacy Policy for further details regarding Innovid’s data collection, usage and sharing practices. Innovid Upholds Consumer Choice: We believe consumers should have the right to control how ads are targeted to them, and how their activity is measured, across online media. Innovid respects the consumer’s choice to opt-out of interest-based advertising and ad measurement. For more information regarding the opt-out options offered by Innovid, please see here . Innovid is also in compliance with the standards set by the NAI , the leading self-regulatory association comprised of third-party digital advertising companies, and maintains membership with NAI and DAA . For additional information on NAI standards and how to use advertising choice mechanisms, please see NAI page located here Security and Compliance with Applicable Laws and Regulations: Innovid is committed to data security and takes a variety of measures in line with industry practice to safeguard the data in its possession from unauthorized alteration, destruction, access or misuse.We maintain tight controls over all the data we collect, retaining it in firewalled and secured databases with strictly limited and controlled access rights, designed to ensure that the data is secure. Additional security measures include encryption of personal information at rest and in transit, maintaining a strict password policy, the use of multi-factor authentication for key systems, maintaining antivirus measures and vulnerability management policies, and the use of various security technologies designed to prevent unauthorized activity. Innovid maintains compliance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Innovid uses EU Standard Contractual Clauses as a mechanism to enable the transfer of personal data from the European Union, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland to the United States, In addition, Innovid maintains self-certification under the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-US Privacy Shield Framework promulgated by the US Department of Commerce. We have appointed a data protection officer, have a process for responding in a timely manner to data subjects seeking to exercise their rights under GDPR, and take a proactive approach to putting the necessary contractual provisions in place with our vendors and clients. Innovid has taken a comprehensive approach to U.S. state privacy law compliance, including CCPA, CPRA and VCPDA, and will continue to monitor and adjust our approach as state laws and regulations continue to evolve, to ensure we maintain compliance. As between Innovid and its clients, Innovid is a service provider and does not “sell” or “share” personal information as contemplated under CCPA, CPRA and similar state laws. Data policy and privacy regulations are dynamic and constantly changing. In addition to performing yearly internal audits, Innovid continues to monitor its compliance with applicable laws and regulations. For any privacy-related request, please email privacy@innovid.com . Want to Learn How We Can Make Your Advertising Easier? Subscribe to our newsletter for industry insights, benchmarks, and more. First name Last name Email Company name Job Title Company Type Innovid needs the contact information you provide to us to contact you about our products and services. You may unsubscribe from these communications at any time. For information on how to unsubscribe, as well as our privacy practices and commitment to protecting your privacy, please review our FacebookInstagramTwitterLinkedin X Click OK to opt-out of Innovid advertising cookies. OKPrivacy Policy Date: 3 May 2023 Version number: 7 Language English We will NEVER sell Your Personal Data to Third Parties. Hotjar will only share or disclose Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Data processed by Hotjar Ltd. (“ Hotjar ”, “ We ”, “ Us ” and “ Our ”) when You visit www.hotjar.com in addition to any sub-pages that are integrated within it (the “ Site ”); and/or make use of Hotjar’s Platform. This Privacy Policy explains what Personal Data We collect through Our Site and Platform, how and why We collect it, how We use and disclose the Personal Data We collect and information on how to exercise privacy rights over this Personal Data. We have also included a section on the processing of Personal Data sent to Hotjar from visitors to a Hotjar Enabled Site. We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time but We will never do so in a manner that compromises Our commitment to respect the privacy of individuals. The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs Our practices for collecting, processing and disclosing Personal Data. We will provide notice via email to Our Customers and on this page of any material modifications to this Privacy Policy. Continued use of Our Site and/or Platform following the effective date of any modifications will constitute acceptance of the modified Agreement (this includes Our Terms of Service , Data Processing Agreement , Acceptable Use Policy and this Privacy Policy). All capitalized terms in this Privacy Policy shall have the same meaning as defined in the Terms of Service and in the Applicable Law. Information about Hotjar Hotjar is a company headquartered in the European Union (EU) that provides Software as a Service (SaaS). Hotjar is a digital experience insights platform that provides visual behaviour insights, in-the-moment feedback, and 1:1 interviews, all in one place. Personal Data Collected by Hotjar The Personal Data We collect depends on whether the individual is: A visitor to the Hotjar SiteA Customer or user (the “ User ”) of the Hotjar Platform A Tester who signed up on the Hotjar Platform Personal Data collected from a visitor of the Hotjar Site This section applies to Personal Data Hotjar collects from visitors to the Hotjar Site ( hotjar.com ) or any of Our sub-sites or sub-domains (e.g. help.hotjar.com , etc.). Any Personal Data provided by a visitor to Our Site will be used only as described in this Privacy Policy and Hotjar’s Acceptable Use Policy . Usage Data When someone visits the Hotjar Site, We may temporarily store the name of their internet service provider, IP address, the website they visited Us from, the parts of Our Site they visit, the date and duration of the visit, and information from the device (e.g. device type, operating system, screen resolution, language, country you are located in, and web browser type) used during their visit or other similar information that helps Us understand your behaviour on our Site. We process this usage data to facilitate access to Our Site (e.g. to adjust Our Site to the devices that are used). We may use this data to analyze, develop, improve, secure or optimize the use, function and performance of Our Sites, or to make sure We are reaching out to the right audience. Wherever possible, we will use usage data in an aggregated and/or anonymized form. Depending on the context, the legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(a) and Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Cookies Cookies are small data files transferred onto computers or devices. Hotjar uses cookies to process information including standard internet log information and details of the visitor’s behavioral patterns upon visiting Our Site. This is done to: operate Our Site;provide visitors to Our Site with a better experience by providing Us with insights on how visitors use Our Site; and for marketing purposes, as detailed below. For more info about the cookies We make use of, please visit Our Cookie Information page . Contacting Us Visitors to Our Site have the opportunity to contact Us to ask Us questions, for example via a contact form, where We ask for contact information (e.g. name, email address etc.). We use this data solely in connection with answering the queries We receive. If a visitor to Our Site receives emails from Us, We may use certain analytics tools, to capture data such as when the email is opened or when any links or banners in the email have been clicked.This data helps Us understand the effectiveness of Our communications and marketing campaigns. The legal basis for this processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Personal Data collected from Hotjar’s Customers, Users and Testers This section applies to Personal Data Hotjar collects from its Customers, Users and Testers when making use of Hotjar’s Platform. When someone signs up for an account with Hotjar, contacts Our customer support for assistance, or subscribes to Our content or special offers, We may ask for additional Personal Data such as their name, email address and additional details about them or the organization they represent. We will solely process this Personal Data to provide Our Platform in accordance with Article 6(1)(b) GDPR. If you are a User of Our Platform on behalf of a Hotjar Customer that has concluded this Agreement with Hotjar, the legal basis for Hotjar to process your Personal Data is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Please refer to Our Terms of Service for further details on signing up and using Our Platfor. We temporarily store IP addresses of Customers, Users and Testers of Our Platform for associated performance metrics (i.e. data related to how well Our Platform performs) and to monitor and track application errors. We will never access these IP addresses without any operational or security need. We automatically delete these IP addresses within thirty (30) calendar days.The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. We may use technical data (such as keypresses, timestamps, etc.) collected through the Platform to analyze, develop, improve or optimize the use, function and performance of Our Site, or to make sure we are reaching out to the right audience. Wherever possible, we will use usage data in an aggregated or anonymized form. A Customer may delete their Hotjar account at any time. Users and Testers may delete their respective accounts through their account settings. After account deletion, We may retain Personal Data (in part or in whole) associated with the Customer, User or Tester to meet any regulatory and reporting requirements for the timeframes stipulated by law and to be able to address customer service issues. Any other Personal Data We were processing relating to Our Customer, Tester and/or Users of that Hotjar account will be deleted permanently within thirty (30) calendar days. This does not apply to any Personal Data collected as part of Customer research within the Engage Product. To maintian the quality of the research data, any research-related Personal Data may need to be kept for a reasonably required time. We may use Personal Data and other Data about Our Customers, Users and/or Testers (including but not limited to demographic information, location information, information about the computer or device from which they access Our Platform) to create, wherever possible, anonymized and aggregated information and analytics. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. The information We collect from Our Customers, Users and/or Testers is disclosed only in accordance with the Agreement and the Applicable Law. Personal Data collected from Engage Product Testers THIS SECTION APPLIES ONLY TO THE REGISTERED TESTERS OF OUR ENGAGE PRODUCT When a Tester signs up to the Engage Product, we will ask them to share some Personal Data with Us to create a Tester profile. The Tester profile information will be revealed to Hotjar and Our Customers, who may invite you to usability study interviews (" Interviews "). The Engage Product has been built to connect Testers with the best-matched Customers for their Interviews. Better matches means happier Customers and more payouts for Testers. We analyse the data Testers provide Us with, along with the information about the Tester’s use of Our Platform, to suggest a good Interview match. We collect and process Tester Personal Data to allow Testers to participate in Customer research, as well as for database management, managing contacts and sending messages, analytics, managing Our hosting and backend infrastructure, paying Testers for their service, Tester registration and authentication and displaying content from external platforms. The data categories we will ask Testers to provide in order to build the Tester profile may include but are not limited to, name, age, country of residence, educational background, profession, marital status, phone number and other registration information. This information allows us to effectively match Testers with the right Customers. Testers may also optionally upload an avatar or enter their gender, but can remove this at any time. If a Tester deletes their account, their profile data will be removed too. Depending on the context, the legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(b) GDPR and Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. We will also collect information that relates to how Testers use Our Platform.The categories of Personal Data relating to this include but are not limited to timezone, broad location (town or district), web browser, operating system and the device used, referral sources, email engagement data, data on how you use the Engage Product (including last login date and frequency) and account signup date. This information allows Us to personalize the Engage Product to Testers’ needs and to improve Our Engage Product. We do not collect precise, real-time information about the location of a Tester’s device. We delete (or anonymize) such Tester Personal Data as soon as you cancel your account. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. On an entirely voluntary basis, Testers may choose to connect their social media account with their Tester profile. This will grant Us read-only access to their social media account and we will store their social media account ID, along with a secure 'access key' that these social media companies provide to Us. If Tester grants Us access, we may also process their email address that is associated with the social media account, name, profile picture, gender and age range, which we may use to enhance Tester profile data on the Engage Product. We use social media account data as a 'quality signal' to confirm that the Engage Product account belongs to a real person and therefore, sharing of social account data may affect the number of Interview invitations a Tester receives. We will never post content to a Tester’s social profile without their permission and we will never request or access their private messages on these accounts. Testers can choose to disconnect their social media accounts at any time, which will prevent Us from being able to access them. Social media account data will also be deleted if you choose to delete your Hotjar account. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(a) GDPR. In order to be able to remunerate Our Testers we will process payment related information that Testers share with Us such as PayPal email address, residential address, etc.. We may also need to keep a history of payments made to Testers. This is needed to comply with accounting and legal rules. This data may be kept up to seven (7) years. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(b) GDPR. Hotjar’s use of Personal Data Access and Disclosure to Third Parties We use a select number of trusted external service providers for certain technical data analysis, processing and/or storage offerings (e.g., IT and related services). These Third Party service providers are carefully selected and meet high data protection and security standards. We only share data with them that is required for the services offered and We contractually bind them to keep any information We share with them as confidential and to process Personal Data only according to Our instructions. The legal basis for such processing would be Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. In addition to services providers, other categories of Third Parties may include: Vendors/public institutions. To the extent that this is necessary in order to make use of certain services requiring special expertise (such as legal, accounting or auditing services) We may share Personal Data with vendors of such services or public institutions that offer them (e.g. courts). The legal basis of this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Disclosure in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. If We are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then Data may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract. The legal basis for such processing would be Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Other than the cases mentioned above, We will only transfer Personal Data to Third Parties without express consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) GDPR or if We are obliged to do so by statutory law or by instruction from a public authority or court as outlined in Our Terms of Service . Communication Purposes We may occasionally send notification emails about updates to Our product, legal documents, customer support or for marketing purposes. To the extent required by Applicable Law, We will only send such messages if We have obtained consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) GDPR. In all other cases, the legal basis of this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Except for cases where We are required to do so by law (e.g. notification of a data breach, providing you with important information about your account, updating our legal documents, etc.), recipients of Our communication shall have the opportunity to unsubscribe from receiving these messages free of charge. We process requests to be placed on do-not-contact lists as required by Applicable Law.Marketing Purposes We use Personal Data given to Us by Hotjar’s Customers, Users, Testers and/or visitors to Our Site to target advertisements to: Hotjar’s Customers, Users, Testers and/or visitors to Our Site to keep them informed about Hotjar and any product changes we make; andPotential new Customers or Testers that appear to have shared interests or similar demographics. The legal basis of this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. We do this by sharing Personal Data with Third Party marketing platforms that have high privacy and confidentiality standards and which have gone through a legal and security review by Hotjar. This ensures that these Third Parties cannot do anything with the Personal Data We provide them other than use it for the express purpose of providing Us with the marketing services We contract them for. This Personal Data is only shared with these Third Parties through secure and encrypted means. If you wish to opt out of this processing activity, please contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com with the subject line “Opt-Out of Marketing”. Compliance and Protection We may use Personal Data to (legal basis for the respective processing in parentheses): protect Our, Our Customers’/Users’, Testers’, visitors’ to Our Site or Third Parties’ rights, privacy, safety or property including by making and defending legal claims (Article 6(1)(b), (c) or (f) GDPR);audit Our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements and internal policies (Article 6(1)(f) GDPR);enforce Our Terms of Service (Article 6(1)(b) or (f) GDPR);protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft (Article 6(1)(f) GDPR); and comply with the Applicable Law, lawful requests and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities (Article 6(1)(c) or (f) GDPR). Benchmarking Hotjar reserves the right to use and retain Data in a de-identified and/or aggregated form to improve Our Site and/or Platform and for statistical and benchmarking purposes, including enabling comparisons within the same industry to enhance the insights collected through Our Site and Platform. Benchmarks look at all collected metrics and compare them to others of the same nature. These de-identified and/or aggregated benchmarks may be published and shared publicly within Our Platform or in the form of other content We publish which may show a summary of results for a certain category or question type. No Data which can individually identify Our Customers, or their end-users, Our Users or Our Testers will ever be shown in this statistical or benchmark data. The legal basis for aggregating/anonymizing this Personal Data is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Intra-group sharing of User and visitor Data Hotjar is part of the Content Square SAS group (“ Contentsquare ”) which is headquartered in Paris, France. In the course of our normal operations, Hotjar may share Data (e.g. name and contact details, etc.) of Users of Hotjar accounts, Testers, and visitors of Our Site (hotjar.com) with Contentsquare. The purpose of sharing this Data is to pursue synergies in sales and marketing, which is in both Hotjar’s and Contentsquare’s legitimate commercial interests. The legal basis of this Data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. No Data which can individually identify end-users of a Hotjar Enabled Site will be shared with Contentsquare. Hotjar and Contentsquare are jointly responsible for these processing activities (so-called joint controllership). If you would like more information in this regard or would like to exercise your rights as described in this Privacy Policy, please contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com. Other Purposes with Your Consent In some cases, We may ask you for consent to collect, use or share Personal Data for other purposes. For example, We may ask you for consent to send marketing emails where required by law or to post testimonials or endorsements. In such cases, there will always be the ability to deny or revoke consent if desired. The legal basis for the data processing is under Article 6(1)(a) GDPR. Duration of Processing Unless a different timeframe has been specifically stated in this Privacy Policy or in Our Pricing Page, Personal Data will be retained for as long as is necessary for the purpose(s) for which We originally collected it or to provide Our Platform, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, and enforce Our Agreement. We may also retain information as required by Applicable Law. International Transfers of Personal Data In most cases, Personal Data We collect is stored in the EU. However, in some limited cases, customer information may be accessed from, or other Personal Data (e.g., email, etc.) may be transferred outside of the EU. These countries may have different data protection laws.Hotjar endeavors to ensure appropriate safeguards are in place requiring that Personal Data will remain protected. Hotjar has concluded Standard Contractual Clauses with entities who We share Personal Data with outside of the EU. Further details about this can be found in Our article on Data Storage . Children’s Information Hotjar’s Platform is not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children. If you learn that your child has provided Us with Personal Data without your consent, you may contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com. If We learn that We have collected a child’s Personal Data in violation of Applicable Law, We will promptly take steps to investigate this, delete such information and, if applicable, terminate the child’s account. We will also make sure to have preventive measures in place for this not to happen again in the future. Rights over Personal Data If you are a visitor to Our Site or a Customer, User and/or Tester of Our Platform and We have collected Personal Data about you, you have a right to access and to be informed about what Personal Data is processed by Hotjar, a right to rectification/correction, erasure/anonymization and restriction of processing (subject to certain exceptions and other requirements prescribed by law). You also have the right to receive from Hotjar a structured, common and machine-readable format of Personal Data you provided Us. When you have provided consent, you may withdraw it at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing that was carried out prior to withdrawing it. Whenever you withdraw consent, you acknowledge and accept that this may have a negative influence on the quality of Our Site and/or Platform. Please be aware that when you withdraw consent, We may delete the Personal Data previously processed on the basis of your consent and will not be allowed to keep it further which will mean that it cannot be accessed, downloaded or otherwise secured by you. In addition, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your respective data protection authority. To protect your privacy, We take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. We can only identify you via your email address and we can only adhere to your request and provide information if We have Personal Data about you through you having made contact with Us directly and/or you are using Our Site and/or Platform. To protect your privacy, We will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling any consumer request under the Applicable Law. When you make a request, We will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows Us to reasonably verify you are the person We collected Personal Data about or an authorized representative, which may include your email address. If You are located in California… This section only applies to Our processing of Personal Data as a “business” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what Categories of Personal Data Hotjar has collected about them and whether Hotjar disclosed that Personal Data for a business purpose (e.g. to a service provider) in the preceding twelve (12) months. If you are a California resident and would like to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, please contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com . We will process your request in accordance with the Applicable Laws. Sales of Personal Information Under the CCPA. For purposes of the CCPA, Hotjar does not “sell” Personal Data, nor do We have actual knowledge of any “sale” of Personal Data of minors under 16 years of age. Non-Discrimination. California residents will have the right to exercise the rights conferred to them by the CCPA. Authorized Agent. Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request under the CCPA. If applicable, you may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. To designate an authorized agent, please contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com . If You are located in Brazil… This section only applies to Our processing of Personal Data under the Brazilian Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD). In addition to the rights described above, you also have the right to: access your Personal Data processed by Hotjar; unless restricted by law, request information about the public and private entities with which We have shared your Personal Data; oppose to the processing carried out; and/or receive information about the possibility of not providing your consent and the consequences of such denial. If you are a Brazilian resident or were in Brazil when your Personal Data was collected and would like to exercise any of your rights under the LGPD, please contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com . We will process your request in accordance with the Applicable Laws.Personal Data collected from a visitor of a Hotjar Enabled Site This section applies to Personal Data sent to Hotjar from Our Customers about visitors to their site using Our Platform (i.e. a Hotjar Enabled Site). When an end-user visits a Hotjar Enabled Site, the Hotjar Enabled Site’s privacy policy will apply to the Personal Data collected and not this Privacy Policy. This section should always be read in conjunction with the specific privacy policy of the Hotjar Enabled Site which will contain further details regarding the processing of your Personal Data by the Hotjar Enabled Site. When making use of Our Platform, Our Customers are bound by Our Privacy Policy, Our Terms of Service , and Our Acceptable Use Policy . You can get more information about Hotjar by visiting Our Site . If you are a visitor to a Hotjar Enabled Site, Hotjar may temporarily process your IP address so that We can ensure Our service is running smoothly and improve the quality of Our Platform. Any IP addresses We process are used exclusively for associated performance metrics (i.e. data related to how well Our Platform performs on the Hotjar Enable Site) and to monitor and track application errors. For this purpose, We may temporarily store your IP address with Hotjar’s Sub-Processors which are subject to strict obligations of confidentiality and will process it only according to Our instructions. We will never access these IP addresses without any operational or security need. We automatically delete any IP addresses We process or store within thirty (30) calendar days. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Some Hotjar Customers may have the ability to integrate Data they have collected through Our Platform with other end-user data they have in their possession (e.g. their customer information). Depending on the web browser you use, it might be possible for you to disallow Hotjar from collecting Data when visiting a Hotjar Enabled Site. To discover if your web browser offers this functionality visit Our Do Not Track page . Please note that We cannot respond to any requests from end-users of Hotjar Enabled Sites related to their Personal Data, including requests to provide, rectify or delete any end-user Personal Data. Any requests from end users of Hotjar Enabled Sites related to Customer Personal Data should be sent to the relevant Hotjar Customer. Previous Versions of this Privacy Policy Version 6.2 ( compare markup changes between version 6.2 and 7 ) Looking for monthly wisdom? Sign up for Hotjar content straight to your inbox. I have read and accept the conditions outlined in the privacy policy . Contact Sales Products Solutions Resources Company Compliance Copyright © 2014 - 2023 Hotjar Ltd. All rights reserved. Manage Consent Preferences for Hotjar.com Essential Cookies These cookies ensure our website and its features work correctly. To the extent personal data is processed via essential cookies, the respective legal basis is our legitimate interest. Analytics Cookies Analytics Cookies These include cookies that help us monitor site traffic and analytics, as well as cookies that enable us to run tests and optimize our site’s experience. Marketing Cookies Marketing Cookies Cookies that allow us to tailor and measure the effectiveness of our advertising. Such cookies may be capable of understanding your interests, across other sites and building up a profile that is used for remarketing purposes. If you do not allow these cookies you may experience less tailored advertisements. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label 33Across host description View Cookies 33Across View Privacy NoticeTwitter Privacy Policy Effective: May 18, 2023 Before you scroll, read this It’s really hard to make everyone happy with a Privacy Policy. Most people who use Twitter want something short and easy to understand. While we wish we could fit everything you need to know into a Tweet, our regulators ask us to meet our legal obligations by describing them all in a lot of detail. With that in mind, we’ve written our Privacy Policy as simply as possible to empower you to make informed decisions when you use Twitter by making sure you understand and have control over the information we collect, how it’s used, and when it’s shared. So if you skip reading every word of the Privacy Policy, at least know this: Twitter is a public platform Learn what’s viewable & searchable We collect some data about you Affiliate services may have their own policies Learn about affiliates We use your data to make Twitter better Learn how we make your info work You can control your experience If you have questions about how we use data, just ask Learn how to contact us What data do you collect about me? You give some data, we get some data. In return we offer useful services. Not what you had in mind? Check your settings. 1. Information We Collect The information we collect when you use Twitter falls into three categories. Expand dropdowns for more information: 1.1 Information you provide us. To use some of our products and services you need to have an account, and to create an account, you need to provide us certain information. Likewise, if you use our paid products and services, we cannot provide them to you without getting payment information. Basically, certain information is necessary if you want to use many of our products and services. Personal Accounts. If you create an account, you must provide us with some information so that we can provide our services to you. This includes a display name (for example, “Twitter Moments”); a username (for example, @TwitterMoments); a password; an email address or phone number; a date of birth; your display language; and third-party single sign-in information (if you choose this sign-in method). You can also choose to share your location in your profile and Tweets, and to upload your address book to Twitter to help find people you may know. Your profile information, which includes your display name and username, is always public, but you can use either your real name or a pseudonym. And remember, you can create multiple Twitter accounts, for example, to express different parts of your identity, professional or otherwise. Professional Accounts. If you create a professional account , you also need to provide us with a professional category, and may provide us with other information, including street address, contact email address, and contact phone number, all of which will always be public. Payment Information. In order to purchase ads or other offerings provided as part of our paid products and services you will need to provide us payment information, including your credit or debit card number, card expiration date, CVV code, and billing address. Preferences. When you set your preferences using your settings , we collect that information so that we can respect your preferences. 1.2 Information we collect when you use Twitter. When you use our services, we collect information about how you use our products and services. We use that information to provide you with products and services, to help keep Twitter more secure and respectful for everyone, and more relevant to you. Usage Information. We collect information about your activity on Twitter, including: Tweets and other content you post (including the date, application, and version of Twitter) and information about your broadcast activity (e.g., TwitterLive or Spaces), including broadcasts you’ve created and when you created them, your lists, bookmarks, and communities you are a part of.Your interactions with other users’ content, such as retweets, likes, shares, replies, if other users mention or tag you in content or if you mention or tag them, and broadcasts you’ve participated in (including your viewing history, listening, commenting, speaking, and reacting). How you interact with others on the platform, such as people you follow and people who follow you, and when you use Direct Messages , including the contents of the messages, the recipients, and date and time of messages.If you communicate with us, such as through email, we will collect information about the communication and its content.We collect information on links you interact with across our services (including in our emails sent to you). Purchase and payments.To allow you to make a payment or send money using Twitter features or services, including through an intermediary, we may receive information about your transaction such as when it was made, when a subscription is set to expire or auto-renew, and amounts paid or received. Device Information. We collect information from and about the devices you use to access Twitter, including: Information about your connection, such as your IP address and browser type.Information about your device and its settings, such as device and advertising ID, operating system, carrier, language, memory, apps installed, and battery level.Your device address book, if you’ve chosen to share it with us. Location Information. When you use Twitter, we collect some information about your approximate location to provide the service you expect, including showing you relevant ads. You can also choose to share your current precise location or places where you’ve previously used Twitter by enabling these settings in your account. Inferred Identity. We may collect or receive information that we use to infer your identity as detailed below: When you sign into Twitter on a browser or device, we will associate that browser or device with your account. Subject to your settings, we may also associate your account with browsers or devices other than those you use to sign into Twitter (or associate your signed-out device or browser with other browsers or devices or Twitter-generated identifiers).When you provide other information to Twitter, including an email address or phone number, we associate that information with your Twitter account. Subject to your settings, we may also use this information in order to infer other information about your identity, for example by associating your account with hashes of email addresses that share common components with the email address you have provided to Twitter. When you access Twitter and are not signed in, we may infer your identity based on the information we collect. Log Information. We may receive information when you view content on or otherwise interact with our products and services, even if you have not created an account or are signed out, such as: IP address; browser type and language; operating system; the referring webpage; access times; pages visited; location; your mobile carrier; device information (including device and application IDs); search terms and IDs (including those not submitted as queries); ads shown to you on Twitter; Twitter-generated identifiers; and identifiers associated with cookies. We also receive log information when you click on, view, or interact with links on our services, including when you install another application through Twitter. Advertisements. When you view or interact with ads we serve on or off Twitter, we may collect information about those views or interactions (e.g., watching a video ad or preroll, clicking on an ad, interacting with retweets of or replies to an ad). Cookies and similar technologies. Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to operate our services. Cookies are not required for many parts of our products and services such as searching and looking at public profiles. You can learn more about how we use cookies and similar technologies here . Interactions with our content on third-party sites. When you view our content on third-party websites that integrate Twitter content such as embedded timelines or Tweet buttons, we may receive log information that includes the web page you visited. 1.3 Information we receive from third parties. When you use other online products and services, they may share information about that usage with us. Ad Partners, Developers, Publishers. Our ad and business partners share information with us such as browser cookie IDs, Twitter-generated identifiers,mobile device IDs, hashed user information like email addresses, demographic or interest data, and content viewed or actions taken on a website or app. Some of our ad partners, particularly our advertisers, also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by Twitter from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with Twitter and that Twitter receives,generates, or infersabout you described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. Other Third Parties, Account Connections, and Integrations. We may receive information about you from third parties who are not our ad partners, such as other Twitter users, developers, and partners who help us evaluate the safety and quality of content on our platform, our corporate affiliates , and other services you link to your Twitter account.You may choose to connect your Twitter account to your account on another service, and that other service may send us information about your account on that service. How do you use my information? To make Twitter the service you know and love. 2. How We Use Information Breaking down how we use the information we collect is not simple because of the way the systems that bring our services to you work. For example, the same piece of information may be used differently for different purposes to ultimately deliver a single service. We think it’s most useful to describe the five main ways we use information and if you have questions that are not answered, you can always contact us . Here we go: Expand dropdowns for more information: 2.1 Operate, improve, and personalize our services. We use the information we collect to provide and operate Twitter products and services. We also use the information we collect to improve and personalize our products and services so that you have a better experience on Twitter, including by showing you more relevant content and ads, suggesting people and topics to follow, enabling and helping you discover affiliates , third-party apps, and services. We may use the information we collect from accounts of other services that you choose to connect your Twitter account to provide you features like cross-posting or cross-service authentication, and to operate our services. We use your contact information to help others find your account if your settings permit, including through third-party services and client applications. We use your information to provide our advertising and sponsored content services subject to your settings , which helps make ads on Twitter more relevant to you. We also use this information to measure the effectiveness of ads and to help recognize your devices to serve you ads on and off of Twitter. Some of our ad partners also enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our advertising technology. Information shared by ad partners and affiliates or collected by Twitter from the websites and apps of ad partners and affiliates may be combined with the other information you share with Twitter and that Twitter receives, generates, or infers about you, as described elsewhere in our Privacy Policy. 2.2 Foster safety and security. We use information we collect to provide for the safety and security of our users, our products, services, and your account. This includes verifying your identity, authenticating your account, and defending against fraud, unauthorized use, and illegal activity. We also use the information to evaluate and affect the safety and quality of content on Twitter - this includes investigating and enforcing our policies and and terms, as well as applicable law. 2.3 Measure, analyze and make our services better. We use the information we collect to measure and analyze the effectiveness of our products and services and to better understand how you use them in order to make them better. 2.4 Communicate with you about our services. We use the information we collect to communicate with you about our products and services, including about product updates and changes to our policies and terms. If you’re open to hearing from us, we may also send you marketing messages from time to time. 2.5 Research. We use information you share with us, or that we collect to conduct research, surveys, product testing, and troubleshooting to help us operate and improve our products and services. How or when do you share my information? There’s no quick answer to this one, but heads up: Tweets can end up in the news or a search engine. 3. Sharing Information You should know the ways we share your information, why we share it, and how you can control it. There are five general ways we share your information. Expand dropdowns for more information: 3.1 When you Tweet, post, and share. With the general public . You are directing us to disclose that information as broadly as possible. Twitter content, including your profile information (e.g., name/pseudonym, username, profile pictures), is available for viewing by the general public. The public does not need to be signed in to view much of the content on Twitter. They may also find Twitter content off of Twitter, for example from search query results on Internet search engines. With other Twitter users. Depending on your settings , and based on the Twitter products and services you use, we share: Your interactions with Twitter content of other users, such as likes, and people you follow.Content you send to a specific Twitter user, such as through Direct Messages . Please keep in mind that if you’ve shared information like Direct Messages or protected Tweets with someone else who accesses Twitter through a third-party service, the information may be shared with the third-party service. With partners.Depending on your settings , we also provide certain third parties with information to help us offer or operate our products and services. You can learn more about these partnerships in our Help Center . You can control whether Twitter shares your personal information with these partners by using the “Data sharing with business partners” option in your Privacy & Safety settings . (This setting does not control sharing described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, such as when we share information with our service providers, or through partnerships other than as described in this Help Center article.) 3.2 With third parties & third-party integrations. With service providers. We may share your information with our service providers that perform functions and provide services on our behalf, including payment services providers who facilitate payments; service providers that host our various blogs and wikis; service providers that help us understand the use of our services; and those that provide fraud detection services. With advertisers. Advertising revenue enables us to provide our products and services. Advertisers may learn information from your engagement with their ads on or off Twitter. For example, if you click on an external link or ad on our services, that advertiser or website operator might figure out that you came from Twitter, along with other information associated with the ad you clicked, such as characteristics of the audience it was intended to reach and other Twitter-generated identifiers for that ad. They may also collect other personal information from you, such as cookie identifiers, or your IP address. Third-party content & integrations. We share or disclose your information with your consent or at your direction, such as when you authorize a third-party web client or application to access your account or when you direct us to share your feedback with a business. Similarly, to improve your experience, we work with third-party partners to display their video content on Twitter or to allow cross-platform sharing. When you watch or otherwise interact with content from our video or cross-platform sharing partners, they may receive and process your personal information as described in their privacy policies. For video content, you can adjust your autoplay settings if you prefer that content not to play automatically. Through our APIs. We use technology like APIs and embeds to make public Twitter information available to websites, apps, and others for their use, for example, displaying Tweets on a news website or analyzing what people say on Twitter. We generally make this content available in limited quantities for free and charge licensing fees for large-scale access. We have standard terms that govern how this information can be used, and a compliance program to enforce these terms. But these individuals and companies are not affiliated with Twitter, and their offerings may not reflect updates you make on Twitter. For more information about how we make public data on Twitter available to the world, visit https://developer.twitter.com . 3.3 When required by law, to prevent harm, or in the public interest. We may preserve, use, share, or disclose your information if we believe that it is reasonably necessary to: comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request ; protect the safety of any person, protect the safety or integrity of our platform, including to help prevent spam, abuse, or malicious actors on our services; explain why we have removed content or accounts from our services (e.g., for a violation of Twitter Rules ); address fraud, security, or technical issues; or protect our rights or property, or the rights or property of those who use our services. 3.4 With our Affiliates. We may share information amongst our affiliates to provide our products and services. 3.5 As a result of a change in ownership. We may share, sell, or transfer information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets, or bankruptcy. This Privacy Policy will apply to your personal information that is shared with (before and after the close of any transaction) or transferred to the new entity. How long do you keep data? Generally, we keep your data as long as your account is up. 4. How Long We Keep Information We keep different types of information for different periods of time: We keep your profile information and content for the duration of your account. We generally keep other personally identifiable data we collect when you use our products and services for a maximum of 18 months. Remember public content can exist elsewhere even after you remove it from Twitter. For example, search engines and other third parties may retain copies of your Tweets longer, based upon their own privacy policies, even after they are deleted or expire on Twitter.You can read more about search visibility here . Where you violate our Rules and your account is suspended, we may keep the identifiers you used to create the account (i.e., email address or phone number) indefinitely to prevent repeat policy offenders from creating new accounts. We may keep certain information longer than our policies specify in order to comply with legal requirements and for safety and security reasons. How can I control my data? You can access it, delete it, or change your settings. Basically, you’re the boss. 5. Take ControlExpand dropdowns for more information: 5.1 Access, Correction, Portability. You can access, correct, or modify the information you provided to us by editing your profile and adjusting your account settings . You can learn more about the information we have collected or inferred about you in Your Twitter Data and request access to additional information here . You can download a copy of your information, such as your Tweets, by following the instructions here . On the Periscope website, you can request correction or modification of your information, and download your account information, by following the instructions here . To protect your privacy and maintain security, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to your personal information or complying with a deletion, portability, or other related request. We may, in certain situations, reject your request for access, correction, or portability, for example, we may reject access where you are unable to verify your identity. 5.2 Deleting your Information. If you follow the instructions here (or for Periscope here ), your account will be deactivated. When deactivated, your Twitter account, including your display name, username, and public profile, will no longer be viewable on Twitter.com, Twitter for iOS, and Twitter for Android. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your Twitter account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated. 5.3 Objecting to, Restricting, or Withdrawing your Consent. You can manage your privacy settings and other account features here . If you change your settings it may take some time for your choices to be fully reflected throughout our systems. You may also notice changes in your Twitter experience or limitations in your ability to access certain features depending on the settings you’ve adjusted. Twitter adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (also referred to as “interest-based advertising”) and respects the DAA’s consumer choice tool for you to opt out of interest-based advertising at https://optout.aboutads.info/ . 5.4 Authorized Agent Requests. To submit a request related to access, modification, or deletion of your information, or someone else’s information if you are their authorized agent, you may also contact us as specified in the How To Contact Twitter section of our Privacy Policy below. We may require you to provide additional information for verification. How does Twitter handle my information wherever I am? We treat your information fairly, no matter where you live around the world. 6. Your Rights and Ours We provide Twitter to people all over the world and provide many of the same privacy tools and controls to all of our users regardless of where they live. However, your experience may be slightly different than users in other countries to ensure Twitter respects local requirements. Expand dropdowns for more information: 6.1 We have specific legal bases to use your information. Twitter has carefully considered the legal reasons it is permitted to collect, use, share and otherwise process your information. If you want to dig in to learn more and better understand the nuances, we’d encourage you to check out this additional information about data processing . And no, we don’t sell your personal information. 6.2 We move your data to make Twitter work for you. Just as you use Twitter to seamlessly participate in global conversations with people in countries all over the world, Twitter must move information across borders and to different countries around the world to support the safe and reliable service you depend on. For example, if you live in Europe and are having a conversation with someone in the United States, information has to move between those countries to provide that experience – it’s what you expect from us. We also use data centers and cloud providers, and engage our affiliates and third-party partners and service providers located in many parts of the world to help us provide our services. Before we move data between countries we look at the risks that may be presented to the data and rely on things like standard contractual clauses, where applicable, to ensure your data rights are protected.If data will be shared with a third party, we require them to maintain the same protections over your data that we provide directly. Is Twitter for kids? Nope, Twitter is not intended for people under 13. 7. Twitter’s Audience Our services are not directed to children, and you may not use our services if you are under the age of 13. You must also be old enough to consent to the processing of your personal data in your country (in some countries we may allow your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf). Will this policy change? If it does, we’ll let you know. 8. Changes To This Privacy Policy The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs our processing of your personal data and we may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time as needed. If we do revise this Privacy Policy and make changes that are determined by us to be material, we will provide you notice and an opportunity to review the revised Privacy Policy before you continue to use Twitter. How can I contact Twitter? Slide into our … very official inbox. 9. How To Contact Twitter We want to hear from you if you have thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy. You can contact us via our Privacy Policy Inquiries page or by writing to us at the appropriate address below. If you live in the United States or any other country outside of the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller responsible for your personal data is X Corp., with an address of: X Corp. Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry 1355 Market Street, Suite 900 San Francisco, CA 94103 If you live in the European Union, EFTA States, or the United Kingdom, the data controller is Twitter International Unlimited Company, with an address of: Twitter International Unlimited Company Attn: Data Protection Officer One Cumberland Place, Fenian Street Dublin 2, D02 AX07 IRELAND You can confidentially contact Twitter’s Data Protection Officer through our Data Protection Inquiry Form . If you wish to raise a concern about our data processing practices , you have the right to do so with your local supervisory authority or Twitter International Unlimited Company’s lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission, using the contact details listed on their website. Our new Privacy Policy’s got game Take control of your privacy © 2023 X Corp.Welcome to the Yahoo Privacy Policy Last updated: July 2023 About Yahoo Yahoo, previously known as Verizon Media, is a technology and media company that provides a range of services. We serve our consumers, partners, advertisers and talent through our portfolio of digital platforms, products and services offered under our AOL, Yahoo and other brands . We provide control tools to help you manage your experience with us. If you have an existing Yahoo or AOL account, you will need to agree to this Privacy Policy. If you have not yet agreed to this Privacy Policy, the legacy Yahoo Privacy Policy or legacy Oath Privacy Policy (for AOL) still apply to your account. For Yahoo products or services that are accessed without signing in to an account, this Privacy Policy applies to those products and services as of May 25, 2018. If you are creating a new account, the terms below apply starting today. Except as set out elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, when we refer to ‘Yahoo’, it means Yahoo Inc., the US-established company that supplies the Services to you (and acts as data controller of the personal data Yahoo collects when you use those Services). Our Privacy Pledge Our commitment is to put users first. We strive to be transparent about how we collect and use your information, to keep your information secure and to provide you meaningful choices. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information Yahoo, its affiliates and its house of global brands (“Yahoo,” “us,” “our” or “we”) collect, why we collect it and what we do with it. This policy applies to Yahoo brands , websites, apps, advertising services, products, services or technologies (we’ll collectively refer to these as “Services”). Additional privacy practices for certain Services can be found in Details for Specific Products and Services . Your Controls We believe you should have tools to control your information. You can find controls to manage or review your account information, marketing preferences, location data, and search history at Privacy Controls . Some of our Services provide additional controls and privacy practices. ( See, Details for Specific Products and Services ) Information Collection and Use - General Certain categories of information collected by Yahoo are necessary to use our Services, such as the information you must provide when registering for some Services. We may collect and combine information when you interact with Yahoo Services information outlined below: Information You Provide to Us. We may collect the information that you provide to us, such as: When you create an account with a Yahoo Service or brand. (Please note, when you use our Services, we may recognize you or your devices even if you are not signed in to our Services.) Yahoo may use device IDs, cookies, and other signals, including information obtained from third parties, to associate accounts and/or devices with you. When you use our Services to communicate with others or post, upload or store content (such as comments, photos, voice inputs, videos, emails, messaging services and attachments). Yahoo analyzes and stores all communications content, including email content from incoming and outgoing mail. This allows us to deliver, personalize and develop relevant features, content, advertising and Services. When you otherwise use our Services, such as title queries, watch history, page views, search queries, view the content we make available or install any Yahoo software such as plugins. When you sign up for paid Services, use Services that require your financial information or complete transactions with us or our business partners, we may collect your payment and billing information. Device Information. We collect information from your devices (computers, mobile phones, tablets, etc.), including information about how you interact with our Services and those of our third-party partners and information that allows us to recognize and associate your activity across devices and Services. This information includes device specific identifiers and information such as IP address , cookie information , mobile device and advertising identifiers, browser version, operating system type and version, mobile network information, device settings, and software data. We may recognize your devices to provide you with personalized experiences and advertising across the devices you use. Location Information. We collect location information from a variety of sources. You can learn more about and manage your location permissions on our Locations page and by visiting the location settings tool on your devices. Information from Cookies and Other Technologies.We collect information when you access content, advertising , sites, interactive widgets, applications, and other products (both on and off of our Services) where Yahoo data collection technologies (such as web beacons , development tools, cookies and other technologies , etc.) are present. These data collection technologies allow us to understand your activity on and off our Services and to collect and store information when you interact with Services we offer to partners. This information also includes the kind of content or ads served, viewed or clicked on; the frequency and duration of your activities; the sites or apps you used before accessing our Services and where you went next; whether you engaged with specific content or ads; and whether you went on to visit an advertiser's website, downloaded an advertiser’s app, purchased a product or service advertised, or took other actions. Information from Others. We collect information about you when we receive it from other users, third-parties, and affiliates, such as: When you connect your account to third-party services or sign in using a third-party partner (like Facebook or Twitter). From publicly-available sources. From advertisers about your experiences or interactions with their offerings. When we obtain information from third-parties or other companies , such as those that use our Services. This may include your activity on other sites and apps as well as information those third-parties provide to you or us. How We Use This Information We are able to deliver, personalize, and improve our Services by combining and using the information we have about you (including information we receive on and off our Services) to understand how you use and interact with our Services and the people or things you’re connected to and interested in. We also may use the information we have about you for the following purposes: Provide, maintain, improve, and develop relevant features, content, and Services. Analyze your content and other information (including emails, instant messages, posts photos, attachments, and other communications ). You can review and control certain types of information tied to your Yahoo account by using Privacy Controls . Fulfill your requests and when authorized by you. Help advertisers and publishers connect to offer relevant advertising in their apps and websites. Match and serve targeted advertising (across devices and both on and off of our Services) and provide targeted advertising based on your device activity, inferred interests and location information. Contact you with information about your account or with marketing messages, which you can also control . Associate your activity across our Services and your different devices as well as associate any accounts you may use across Yahoo Services together. We may associate activity and accounts under a single user ID. Carry out or support promotions . Conduct research and support innovation. Create analytics and reports for external parties, including partners, publishers, advertisers, apps, third-parties and the public regarding the use of and trends within our Services and ads, including showing trends to partners regarding general preferences, the effectiveness of ads and information on user experiences. These analytics and reports may include aggregate or pseudonymized information. Provide location-based Services, advertising, search results, and other content consistent with your location settings . Combine information we have about you with information we obtain from business partners or other companies , such as your activities on other sites and apps. Detect and defend against fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful activity. We provide you with controls to manage your experience with us. For example, you can review or edit your account information , manage your marketing preferences , or opt out of targeted ads .If you opt out, you will continue to see ads, but they may not be as relevant or useful to you. If you are located in the European Union or European Economic Area or in the UK (EU/EEA/UK), please see Section 10 “Our Legal Bases for Processing Information” for more information that applies to your use of our Services. How We Share This Information Yahoo shares information within its affiliated brands and companies. We also share information we have about you for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, including to provide Services that you have requested (including when you connect with third-party apps and widgets ). We do not sell, license or share information that individually identifies our customers with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo unless one of the following circumstances applies: With Your Consent. We will share information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of Yahoo when we have your consent. Within Yahoo. Information may also be shared within Yahoo, including with other Yahoo Services and affiliates. Yahoo affiliates may use the information in a manner consistent with their privacy policies. With Partners. We may share your information with nonaffiliated companies who are: Trusted Partners. We provide user information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Yahoo based on our directions and in compliance with appropriate confidentiality measures. Advertising, Analytics and Business Partners (Limited to Non-Personally Identifiable Information). We may share aggregated or pseudonymous information (including demographic information) with partners, such as publishers, advertisers, measurement analytics, apps, or other companies . For example, we may tell an advertiser how its ads performed or report how many people installed an app after seeing a promotion. We do not share personally identifiable information (like phone number or email address) with these partners, such as publishers, advertisers, ad agencies, or analytics partners. When you use third-party apps, websites or other products integrated with our Services, they may collect information about your activities subject to their own terms and privacy policies. We allow other companies that show advertisements on our webpages or apps to collect information from your browsers or devices. Other companies' use of cookies and other data collection technologies are subject to their own privacy policies, not this one. For Legal and Other Purposes. We may access, preserve and disclose information to investigate, prevent, or take action in connection with: (i) legal process and legal requests; (ii) enforcement of the Terms ; (iii) claims that any content violates the rights of third-parties; (iv) requests for customer service; (v) technical issues; (vi) protecting the rights, property or personal safety of Yahoo, its users or the public; (vii) establishing or exercising our legal rights or defending against legal claims; or (viii) as otherwise required by law. This may include responding to lawful governmental requests. Learn more about how we evaluate and respond to these requests . New Ownership. If the ownership or control of all or part of Yahoo or a specific Services changes as a result of a merger, acquisition or sale of assets, we may transfer your information to the new owner. Details for Specific Products and Services Additional privacy practices for certain Yahoo Services are included here . Information Security and Data Retention Yahoo has technical, administrative and physical safeguards in place to help protect against unauthorized access, use or disclosure of customer information we collect or store. Yahoo will retain your personal information for as long as necessary to provide the applicable Yahoo Services to you. In some cases, Yahoo has certain business or legal requirements that result in an obligation to retain your personal information for an extended period of time. These obligations may include financial record keeping, ensuring continuity of our products or services, security, fraud, and abuse prevention, or compliance with our legal obligations.In some limited cases, we may keep data for longer than needed for the purposes set out in the Yahoo Privacy Dashboard , such as: (i) replicating or backing up certain data to “offline” storage for disaster recovery purposes; (ii) truncating, redacting or summarizing raw data, log files and database records into statistical aggregate data or probabilistic data structures to understand long term trends; (iii) maintaining de-identified data for varying periods for research, reporting and product testing or development (in these cases, unique identifiers and linkages to existing data about you are broken or removed so that this data is no longer associated with you, your browser, or device); or (iv) keeping and using certain data to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes or enforce our agreements (for example, we might keep data associated with an account subject to litigation or a request from law enforcement). For specific information about your personal information or how your personal information is processed by a particular Yahoo product or service you may interact with, please log into the Yahoo Privacy Dashboard . Protecting Children’s Privacy Our Services are for a general audience. We do not knowingly collect, use, or share information that could reasonably be used to identify children under age 13 without prior parental consent or consistent with applicable law. With parental permission, a child under age 13 might have a Yahoo Family Account. Visit Children's Privacy & Family Accounts to learn more about children’s privacy at Yahoo. Our Legal Bases for Processing Information. We mainly rely on three separate bases to lawfully process your information. First, we need to process your information in certain ways to provide our services to you, in accordance with our Terms of Service. This processing is necessary to perform the contract between you and us. Second, where you have given us consent to use your information in certain ways, we will rely on your consent. Third, in certain cases, we may process your information where necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of third parties, where those legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests. Occasionally, Yahoo may rely on other legal bases to process your information, such as to protect a user’s vital interests (such as where there is a risk of imminent harm) or to comply with a legal obligation. Please see our Legal bases page for more information. Data Processing and Transfers When you use or interact with any of our Services, you consent to the data processing, sharing, transferring and uses of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. Regardless of the country where you reside, you authorize us to transfer, process, store and use your information in countries other than your own in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to provide you with Services. Some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as the country where you reside. Yahoo processes information related to individuals in the EU/EEA/UK and transfers that information from the EU/EEA/UK through various compliance mechanisms, including data processing agreements based on the European Commission’sA Standard Contractual Clauses. By using our Services, you consent to us transferring information about you to these countries. For more information, please visit our Data Transfer page. The United States and other non-EU/EEA/UK countries have different laws on data protection and rules in relation to government access to information. If you are based in the EU/EEA/UK, when your data is moved from your home country to a third country outside the EU/EEA/UK, some of these countries may not have the same data protection safeguards as your home country. Other Important Information This Privacy Policy Applies Only to Yahoo. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Yahoo does not own or control, or to people that Yahoo does not employ or manage. In addition, some affiliated products may have different privacy policies and practices that are not subject to this Privacy Policy. Changes We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so you should check it periodically.If we make changes that are material we will provide you with appropriate notice before such changes take effect. Questions & Suggestions If you have questions, suggestions, or wish to make a complaint, please complete a feedback form or you can contact us at: Yahoo Customer Care - Privacy Policy Issues 770 Broadway, New York NY 10003, USA If you wish to contact our Data Protection Officer, you can do so by post to: Attn: Data Protection Officer, Yahoo EMEA, 5-7 Point Square, North Wall Quay, Dublin 1, Ireland. Our Article 27 Representative can be contacted by email at YahooGDPRrepresentative@mhc.ie , or by post at: MHC GDPR Representative Mason Hayes and Curran Professional Services Limited South Bank House Barrow Street Dublin 4 Ireland Recent Versions May 2018 - update to privacy notice; October 2019 - Oath to Verizon Media name change; October 2020 - updates to data transfers and legal bases; and September 2021 - updates to reflect name change; additional information added regarding data retention. ©2023 Yahoo. All Rights Reserved.Amazon.com Privacy Notice Last updated: August 11, 2023. To see prior version, We know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This Privacy Notice describes how Amazon.com and its affiliates (collectively "Amazon") collect and process your personal information through Amazon websites, devices, products, services, online and physical stores, and applications that reference this Privacy Notice (together "Amazon Services"). By using Amazon Services, you are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Notice. What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon Collect? We collect your personal information in order to provide and continually improve our products and services. Here are the types of personal information we collect: Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you provide in relation to Amazon Services. Click here to see examples of what we collect. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our Amazon Services. Automatic Information: We automatically collect and store certain types of information about your use of Amazon Services, including information about your interaction with products, content, and services available through Amazon Services. Like many websites, we use "cookies" and other unique identifiers, and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser or device accesses Amazon Services and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon on other websites. Our physical stores may use cameras, computer vision, sensors, and other technology to gather information about your activity in the store, such as the products and services you interact with. Click here to see examples of what we collect. Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources, such as updated delivery and address information from our carriers, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase more easily. Click here to see additional examples of the information we receive. For What Purposes Does Amazon Use Your Personal Information? We use your personal information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the products and services that we offer our customers. These purposes include: Purchase and delivery of products and services. We use your personal information to take and handle orders, deliver products and services, process payments, and communicate with you about orders, products and services, and promotional offers. Provide, troubleshoot, and improve Amazon Services. We use your personal information to provide functionality, analyze performance, fix errors, and improve the usability and effectiveness of the Amazon Services. Recommendations and personalization. We use your personal information to recommend features, products, and services that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with Amazon Services. Provide voice, image and camera services. When you use our voice, image and camera services, we use your voice input, images, videos, and other personal information to respond to your requests, provide the requested service to you, and improve our services. For more information about Alexa voice services , click here . Comply with legal obligations. In certain cases, we collect and use your personal information to comply with laws. For instance, we collect from sellers information regarding place of establishment and bank account information for identity verification and other purposes. Communicate with you. We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to Amazon Services via different channels (e.g., by phone, email, chat). Advertising. We use your personal information to display interest-based ads for features, products, and services that might be of interest to you. We do not use information that personally identifies you to display interest-based ads. To learn more, please read our Fraud Prevention and Credit Risks. We use personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, Amazon, and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks. What About Cookies and Other Identifiers?To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide and improve Amazon Services, we use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our Does Amazon Share Your Personal Information? Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling our customers' personal information to others. We share customers' personal information only as described below and with subsidiaries Amazon.com, Inc. controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice. Transactions involving Third Parties: We make available to you services, products, applications, or skills provided by third parties for use on or through Amazon Services. For example, you can order products from third parties through our stores, download applications from third-party application providers from our App Store, and enable third-party skills through our Alexa services. We also offer services or sell product lines jointly with third-party businesses, such as co-branded credit cards. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share customers' personal information related to those transactions with that third party. Third-Party Service Providers: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders for products or services, delivering packages, sending postal mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing payments, transmitting content, scoring, assessing and managing credit risk, and providing customer service. These third-party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy other businesses or services. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that Amazon.com, Inc. or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets. Protection of Amazon and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Amazon, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information. How Secure Is Information About Me? We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind. We work to protect the security of your personal information during transmission by using encryption protocols and software. We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling credit card data. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, and disclosure of customer personal information. Our security procedures mean that we may ask to verify your identity before we disclose personal information to you. Our devices offer security features to protect them against unauthorized access and loss of data. You can control these features and configure them based on your needs. Click here for more information on how to manage the security settings of your device.It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computers, devices, and applications. We recommend using a unique password for your Amazon account that is not used for other online accounts. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. Click here for more information on how to sign off.What About Advertising? Third-Party Advertisers and Links to Other Websites: Amazon Services may include third-party advertising and links to other websites and apps. Third-party advertising partners may collect information about you when you interact with their content, advertising, and services. For more information about third-party advertising at Amazon, including interest-based ads, please read our Interest-Based Ads notice. To adjust your advertising preferences, please go to the Your Ads Privacy Choices page. Use of Third-Party Advertising Services: We provide ad companies with information that allows them to serve you with more useful and relevant Amazon ads and to measure their effectiveness. We never share your name or other information that directly identifies you when we do this. Instead, we use an advertising identifier like a cookie, a device identifier, or a code derived from applying irreversible cryptography to other information like an email address. For example, if you have already downloaded one of our apps, we will share your advertising identifier and data about that event so that you will not be served an ad to download the app again. While we do not share your specific shopping actions like purchases, product views, or searches with ad companies, we may share an advertising identifier and an estimate of the value of the ads they show you on our behalf so they can serve you with more effective Amazon ads. Some ad companies also use this information to serve you relevant ads from other advertisers. You can learn more about how to opt-out of personalized advertising (such as cross-context behavioral advertising) by going to the Your Ads Privacy Choices page. What Information Can I Access? You can access your information, including your name, address, payment options, profile information, Prime membership, household settings, and purchase history in the "Your Account" section of the website. Click here for a list of examples that you can access. What Choices Do I Have? If you have any questions as to how we collect and use your personal information, please contact our Customer Service . Many of our Amazon Services also include settings that provide you with options as to how your information is being used. As described above, you can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of the Amazon Services.You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in What Information Can I Access? . When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records. If you do not want to receive email or other communications from us, please adjust your Customer Communication Preferences . If you don't want to receive in-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification settings in the app or device. You may adjust your personalized advertising preferences by visiting Your Ads Privacy Choices . The Help feature on most browsers and devices will tell you how to prevent your browser or device from accepting new cookies or other identifiers, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to block cookies altogether. Because cookies and identifiers allow you to take advantage of some essential features of Amazon Services, we recommend that you leave them turned on. For instance, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, you will not be able to add items to your Shopping Cart, proceed to Checkout, or use any Services that require you to Sign in. For more information about cookies and other identifiers, see our If you want to browse our websites without linking the browsing history to your account, you may do so by logging out of your account here and blocking cookies on your browser.You can manage the recommendations you receive in our store here , remove recommendations you don’t want to see here by selecting View All and Manage then selecting the Remove Items toggle that appears at the top of the page, and edit your browsing history here . You will also be able to opt out of certain other types of data usage by updating your settings on the applicable Amazon website (e.g., in "Manage Your Content and Devices"), device, or application. For more information click here .Most non-Amazon devices also provide users with the ability to change device permissions (e.g., disable/access location services, contacts). For most devices, these controls are located in the device's settings menu. If you have questions about how to change your device permissions on devices manufactured by third parties, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer. If you are a seller, you can add or update certain information in Seller Central , update your account information by accessing your Seller Account Information , and adjust your email or other communications you receive from us by updating your Notification Preferences . If you are an author, you can add or update the information you have provided in the Author Portal and Author Central by accessing your accounts in the Author Portal and Author Central, respectively. If you shop in our physical stores, you can manage how certain data is used to analyze the performance of our products and services, as well as learn more In addition, to the extent required by applicable law, you may have the right to request access to or delete your personal information. If you wish to do any of these things, you may go to Data Privacy Queries . Depending on your data choices, certain services may be limited or unavailable. Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon Services? Amazon does not sell products for purchase by children. We sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use Amazon Services only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without the consent of the child's parent or guardian. For more information, please see our EU-US and Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework Amazon.com, Inc. participates in the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework, and the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework*. Click here to learn more. *We will not rely on the Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework or the UK Extension to the EU-US Data Privacy Framework until they enter into force, but we adhere to their required commitments in anticipation of their doing so. Additional State-Specific Privacy Disclosures Click here to read additional state-specific privacy disclosures as required under applicable laws. Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions If you choose to use Amazon Services, your use and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use , including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Washington. If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice will change also. You should check our websites frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.Related Practices and Information Examples of Information Collected Information You Give Us When You Use Amazon Services You provide information to us when you: search or shop for products or services in our stores;add or remove an item from your cart, or place an order through or use Amazon Services;download, stream, view, or use content on a device or through a service or application on a device;provide information in Your Account (and you might have more than one if you have used more than one email address or mobile number when shopping with us) or Your Profile ; talk to or otherwise interact with our Alexa Voice service;upload your contacts;configure your settings on, provide data access permissions for, or interact with an Amazon device or service;provide information in your Kindle Direct Publishing account , Developer account , or any other account we make available that allows you to develop or offer software, goods, or services to Amazon customers; offer your products or services on or through Amazon Services;communicate with us by phone, email, or otherwise;complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or a contest entry form;upload or stream images, videos or other files to Prime Photos, Amazon Drive, or other Amazon Services;use our services such as Prime Video;compile Playlists, Watchlists, Wish Lists , or other gift registries; participate in Discussion Boards or other community features;provide and rate Reviews ;specify a Special Occasion Reminder; oremploy Product Availability Alerts , such as Available to Order Notifications. As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as: identifying information such as your name, address, and phone numbers;payment information;your age;your location information;your IP address;people, addresses and phone numbers listed in your Addresses;email addresses of your friends and other people;content of reviews and emails to us; personal description and photograph in Your Profile ;voice recordings when you speak to Alexa; images and videos collected or stored in connection with Amazon Services;information and documents regarding identity, including Social Security and driver's license numbers;corporate and financial information;credit history information; anddevice log files and configurations, including Wi-Fi credentials, if you choose to automatically synchronize them with your other Amazon devices. Automatic Information Examples of the information we collect and analyze include: the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet;login, email address, and password; the location of your device or computer;content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads, and network details for streaming and download quality, including information about your internet service provider; device metrics such as when a device is in use, application usage, connectivity data, and any errors or event failures;Amazon Services metrics (e.g., the occurrences of technical errors, your interactions with service features and content, your settings preferences and backup information, location of your device running an application, information about uploaded images and files such as the file name, dates, times and location of your images); version and time zone settings;purchase and content use history, which we sometimes aggregate with similar information from other customers to create features like Top Sellers ;the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, through, and from our websites, including date and time; products and content you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, and page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs); phone numbers used to call our customer service number; andimages or videos when you shop in our stores, or stores using Amazon Services. We may also use device identifiers, cookies, and other technologies on devices, applications, and our web pages to collect browsing, usage, or other technical information.Information from Other Sources Examples of information we receive from other sources include: updated delivery and address information from our carriers or other third parties, which we use to correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily;account information, purchase or redemption information, and page-view information from some merchants with which we operate co-branded businesses or for which we provide technical, fulfillment, advertising, or other services;information about your interactions with products and services offered by our subsidiaries; search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links);information about internet-connected devices and services linked with Alexa; andcredit history information from credit bureaus, which we use to help prevent and detect fraud and to offer certain credit or financial services to some customers. Information You Can Access Examples of information you can access through Amazon Services include: status of recent orders (including subscriptions);your complete order history;personally identifiable information (including name, email, password, and address book);payment settings (including payment card information, promotional certificate and gift card balances, and 1-Click settings);email notification settings (including Product Availability Alerts, Delivers, Special Occasion Reminders and newsletters); recommendations and the products you recently viewed that are the basis for recommendations (including Recommended for You and Improve Your Recommendations);shopping lists and gift registries (including Wish Lists and Baby and Wedding Registries);your content, devices, services, and related settings, and communications and personalized advertising preferences;content that you recently viewed;voice recordings associated with your account; Your Profile (including your product Reviews, Recommendations, Reminders and personal profile);If you are a seller, you can access your account and other information, and adjust your communications preferences, by updating your account in If you are an author, you can access your account and other information, and update your accounts, on the Author Central website, as applicable. If you are a developer participating in our Developer Services Program, you can access your account and other information, and adjust your communications preferences, by updating your accounts in the Was this information helpful? Yes No Thank you for your feedback. Please select what best describes the information: This information is confusing or wrong This isn't the information I was looking for I don't like this policy Submit Thanks!While we're unable to respond directly to your feedback, we'll use this information to improve our online Help. Legal Policies Amazon.com Privacy Notice Quick solutions Your Orders Track or cancel orders Returns & Refunds Exchange or return items Manage Prime Cancel or view benefits Payment Settings Add or edit payment methods Carrier Info Shipping carrier information Account Settings Change email or password Back to top English United States Stream millionsof songs Find, attract, andengage customers Score dealson fashion brands Books, art& collectibles Audiobook PublishingMade Easy Start a Selling Account Everything ForYour Business Groceries & MoreRight To Your Door Ship OrdersInternationally Experienced ProsHappiness Guarantee Scalable CloudComputing Services Listen to Books & OriginalAudio Performances Books With FreeDelivery Worldwide Find MovieBox Office Data Thousands ofDigital Comics DigitalPhotography Sewing, Quilting& Knitting Book reviews& recommendations Movies, TV& Celebrities Get Info EntertainmentProfessionals Need Indie Digital & Print PublishingMade Easy Unlimited Photo StorageFree With Prime Video DistributionMade Easy DesignerFashion Brands Great Deals onQuality Used Products America’s HealthiestGrocery Store Deals and Shenanigans Shoes &Clothing Smart HomeSecurity Systems Stream 4K Videoin Every Room Smart Securityfor Every Home Real-Time Crime& Safety Alerts Top subscription boxes – right to your door Pharmacy Simplified Like-new productsyou can trust © 1996-2023, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliatesCision Privacy Policy About Cision Cision is a global communications group of companies that enables its customers to identify and connect with influencers, distribute meaningful public relations, corporate and marketing communications to those influencers and the public, and measure the impact of those communications, as well as monitoring various media for its customers. Our products and services operate under a number of different brands, including Cision, Gorkana, PR Newswire, Hors Antenne, Data Presse, Argus de la Presse, CEDROM, Profnet, HARO, Falcon.io and Prime. In this policy, when we refer to "Cision", “we” and “us,” we mean Cision US Inc. and its affiliates and their divisions, including but not limited to PR Newswire Association LLC, Bulletin Intelligence and MultiVu. For the purposes of European Data Protection law, Cision is the data controller of the personal data referred to in this policy. Introduction to our Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy and our related Privacy Notices (see below) describe how we collect, use, protect and share information about you that we obtain when you use our services, our websites or otherwise interact with us. If you are the subject of any personal data we may process, this policy also explains what your rights are. This policy applies to our Services which include (i) all the websites on which it is published (the "Websites") (ii) our mobile apps; (iii) other online products and services provided by us through our Websites or mobile apps; and (iv) databases, distribution services, articles, surveys, newsletters, webinars, media monitoring, and/or analytic reports. Please click on the sections below to learn more about our Privacy Policy: HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION FROM YOU HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE USED HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE SHARED COOKIES & OTHER TRACKING MECHANISMS DO NOT TRACK DISCLOSURE YOUR CHOICES SECURING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION CHILDREN INFORMATION COLLECTION TRANSFERS OF PERSONAL INFORMATION OUTSIDE THE EEA LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING YOUR RIGHTS IN THE EU CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY CONTACT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS How this policy works with our other privacy notices and policies This Policy should be read together with our related Privacy Notices, in particular our Customer Privacy Notice . Depending on how you interact with us, we will collect and process your personal information as follows: If you are a customer of any of our services. We will collect and process your individual contact information and other personal data in accordance with our Customer Privacy Notice and any other agreement that we may have with your business. If you are an influencer or other media contact in our media database. We will collect and process your contact information and media profile in accordance with our Data Privacy Notice – Influencers and Other Media Contacts . If you are an influencer or other media contact or individual active on social media, your data may be being processed by our Falcon 'Listen' service. We will collect and process your personal data in accordance with our Falcon.io Listen Platform Privacy Notice. If you are a capital market professional in our Investor Relations Database . We have received your name, work email and organization name from IHS Markit, which provides intelligence on capital-intensive industries and markets. Being listed in this database means that you will receive focused press release information and announcements from our Investor Relations customers about topics they believe are relevant to you. Your details are not visible to our customers — investor relations firms — as they send news through our newswire service. We do not share your name or email address with our customers. They only receive the name of the organization their press release has been sent to. Otherwise, we will collect and use your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you visit or register with any of our websites (other than as a Customer or Influencer). We will collect and use your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.In particular, we may see how you use our websites and what content you interact with and for how long. This may involve the use of cookies which is explained in our Cookie Policy . If you are a supplier and you or your company provides us with goods or services. We may collect your individual contact information in order to communicate with you and may use other information that we need in order to manage our account with your business. We will process such data in accordance with this Privacy Policy and any other agreement that we may have with you. If you are invited to or attend one or our events We will collect and process your contact information and any other information we may need to manage our invitation and your attendance (including for example dietary or special access requirements) in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you apply for a job with us We will process your personal information in accordance with our Candidate Privacy Notice which will be sent to you when you apply. If you are employed by us We will process your personal information in accordance with our Employee Privacy Notice which will be provided to you when you join our staff. Relevant third-party terms YouTube Google Cision's use and transfer to any other app of information received from Google APIs will adhere to Google API Services User Data Policy including the Limited Use requirements Note to Journalists, Experts and PR Professionals: News and journalism are public activities. Your name, business contact details, and professional interests and affiliations may well already be publicly available, particularly if you are a journalist, a recognized expert, or a PR professional. We have created this Privacy Policy to inform you how we collect and process your personal information, and how we comply with our obligations to look after that information, and what your rights are. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand how we will treat your information before you start to use our Websites or communicate with us. By using our Services or communicating with us about them, you acknowledge that your personal information will be processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and in any other applicable privacy notice or policy (see above) including any updates and amendments. Your use of our Services and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and any applicable Terms of Use, including any terms available at https://www.cision.com/us/ , https://www.prnewswire.com/terms-of-use-apply.html , https://www.prnewswire.com/customer-terms-conditions-landing-page.html and/or any other agreements that you enter into with us. In the event that the provisions of any such agreements differ from or conflict with the provisions of this Privacy Policy, the applicable terms or agreement will apply. How We Collect Information from You Information You Provide to Us We collect information that you provide directly to us, including when you register for or order a Service; when a company, organization or individual authorizes you to manage its account or use our Services on its behalf; and/or when you subscribe to a newsletter, provide feedback about our Services or contact us with questions or comments about a Service. Information We Collect Through Your Use of our Services We collect certain technical information using cookies and other tracking mechanisms to help us operate and provide our Services to you. This information includes, without limitation: Information about the systems and device(s) you use to access our Services, including MAC address, IP address, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, device type, and device identifiers;Information about your visits to the Websites, including the full URL clickstream to, through and from the Websites (including date and time);Information about your use of our mobile apps, including the information you view in our mobile apps and the date and time you view it; Information to facilitate your use of our Services (including to provide access to third-party websites and services), such as URL requests, destination IP addresses, or device configuration details; andPages you view or search for, page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), your engagement with certain variable/dynamic elements of a page and methods used to browse away from the page. If you decline to have us collect such information (for example, by disabling cookies; see Cookies & Other Tracking Mechanisms below), we may not be able to provide some or all of our Services to you. Information We Collect about You from Third Parties Our Services may also, from time to time, contain links to and from social media platforms.You may choose to connect with us through a social media platform and when you do, and to the extent available, we may collect additional information from you, such as your user names, profile picture, contact information, contact list, and the profile pictures of your contacts, through the social media platform. Please be advised that social media platforms may also collect information from you. We do not have control over the collection, use and sharing practices of social media platforms and encourage you to review their usage and disclosure policies and practices, including the data security practices, before using the social media platforms. We may combine the information we collect about you from the various sources described above. How Your Information May Be Used We may use any information we collect, including personal information and technical information, as described to you at the time of collection, for the following purposes: Providing, maintaining and improving our Services. Operating and improving our Services ( e.g. , administration, troubleshooting, managing account access, protecting security); evaluating our Services; developing new features, products, or services; and for other customer service and support purposes. Tailoring content. Personalizing the information and content we display to you, including marketing, promotional and sponsored content and advertising within the Services. Marketing and communications. Contacting you directly about your use of an account or Service for which you are registered; providing you with information about products or services, from us or third parties that may interest you; serving advertisements to you; and responding to your requests, feedback or questions. Research and analytics. Researching and analyzing how you interact with our Services, including to monitor usage and activity trends and for statistical purposes; creating reports for customers that may include both aggregate trends and the organizations that are viewing their releases, or accessing our Services or customer websites or otherwise using our Services; and measuring or understanding the effectiveness of content, communications, Website visits, web traffic, our Services, or advertising we or our customers serve to you and other customers like you, and to deliver relevant advertising to you and other customers like you. Legal compliance. Complying with laws, regulations and requests from law enforcement or other governmental entities; carrying out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts; and using as evidence in litigation. Protecting rights and interests. Protecting the safety, rights or property of Cision or any third party; investigating, preventing or otherwise addressing activity that Cision, in its sole discretion, may consider to be or pose a risk of being, an illegal, unethical, or legally questionable activity. We may also create aggregate or anonymous information about your and other users’ use of our Services for purposes similar to those listed above. How Your Information May Be Shared We may share any information, including personal information as follows: With our subsidiaries and affiliates, including any future subsidiaries or affiliates;With our service providers and sub-contractors to the extent reasonably necessary to enable us provide our Services ( e.g. , we use a third-party platform for e-mail and cannot communicate with you without disclosing your e-mail address to our third-party e-mail provider);With a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of any of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, including during planning or negotiations of such sale or transfer; With a third party with whom we must legally share information about you;With the company or organization you represent upon their request;With you or other third parties with your express consent;To comply with any court order, valid subpoena, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request;To investigate potential unauthorized access or misuse of our Services or otherwise enforce or apply our Terms of Use and other agreements; To protect our assets or rights, including for billing and collection purposes;If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Cision, our customers or others, including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction; andWith any other entity disclosed by us when you provide the information. We may also share aggregate or anonymous data for marketing, advertising, research, compliance, or other purposes.In the event that we receive a request from a governmental entity to provide it with your personal information, we will take reasonable attempts to notify you of such request, to the extent reasonably possible and legally permissible. Securing Your Personal Information The security of your information is important to Cision, and we have implemented administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed to protect personal information against theft or misuse. Unfortunately, no system can guarantee complete security of your information. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information from unauthorized third parties, Cision cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information. Thus, your use of the Services and communications with us is at your own risk. You are responsible for protecting your username(s) and password(s) and for the security of information that you transmit to us over the internet. Children Our Services are directed to working professionals. Our Services are not intended for children under 16 years of age or the relevant age of majority, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under that age. If you are under 13 years of age or the age of majority, you are not permitted to submit any personal information to us. Third-Party Information Collection Our Services may contain links to third-party websites and services, including those of social media platforms, partner networks and advertisers. Please note that these websites and services may have their own privacy policies. We do not accept any responsibility or liability for the policies of any third parties. If you chose to access any websites or services linked from our Services, please check the applicable policies before you use or submit any personal information to such website or service. Third parties unaffiliated with us may also collect information about you, including tracking your browsing history, when you use our Services. We do not have control over these third-party collection practices and advise you to adjust the settings of your browsers or install plug-ins and add-ins if you wish to minimize these third party collections. Personal Information Transferred from EEA and/or Switzerland We may share your personal data with entities within the Cision Group. Given that we are an international organisation with our headquarters in the USA, this may involve transferring your personal data outside of the European Economic Area (“EEA”). Some of the third parties to whom we transfer your personal data are also based outside of the EEA, so their processing of your personal data will likewise involve a transfer outside the EEA. Where your personal data is transferred outside of the EEA we will ensure that we appropriate mechanisms in place to ensure the protection of your personal information, including the use of specific contracts approved by the European Commission giving your personal data the same protection as it has in Europe. Such transfers may be made by or to us in our capacity as a data processor or as a data controller: Processor : Cision is a provider of software, services and tools intended to help customers manage all aspects of their marketing and PR campaigns. Cision does not own or control any of the information it processes on behalf of its customer. All such information is owned and controlled by Cision’s customer. In this capacity, Cision receives information transferred from the EU to the US merely as a processor on behalf of its customer, although such information may not be required by Cision. Data Controller : Cision also provides information products designed to help customers research and plan their campaigns more effectively. In this function, Cision acts as a data controller of the personal information contained in these products and processes this personal information as a data controller. Further details of transfers of personal data outside the EEA are provided in our Customer Privacy Notice and our Data Privacy Notice – Influencers and Other Media Contacts . Legal Basis for Processing We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances: Where we need to process your information to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you. Where we need to process your information to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation. Where it is in our legitimate interests to do so. Our legitimate interests include our legitimate commercial interests in operating the Cision Services and providing you with access to our Media Database. We make sure that we consider and balance any potential negative impact on you and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you.Where we have obtained your consent. Your rights If you reside in the EU, or if your personal information is processed in connection with one of our European businesses, you have certain rights under European data protection laws and in particular the General Data Protection Regulation. These rights include rights of access; the right to rectification; the right to erasure; the right to restrict processing; the right to data portability; and the right to object to processing. Your rights include the right to: Access your personal information (via what is commonly known as a "data subject access request").Require us to correct any mistakes in your information which we hold.Require the erasure of personal information concerning you in certain situations by submitting a Data Subject Request.Receive the personal information concerning you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit those data to a third party in certain situations. Object at any time to processing of personal information concerning you for direct marketing.Object to decisions being taken by automated means (including profiling) which produce legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affect you.Object in certain other situations to our continued processing of your personal information.Otherwise restrict our processing of your personal information in certain circumstances. In some cases these will not apply to you, or to the particular use that we are making of your data, and there are exceptions (for example if we have to process the data to comply with our own legal obligations). For further information on each of these rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, you should refer to guidance from your local Data Protection Authority: https://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm You also have the right to make a complaint to your local data protection authority at any time. We hope that we would be able to resolve any concerns that you may have before you approach your data protection authority so please do contact us in the first instance. How long will we use your personal data? We will keep your personal data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice and to fulfil our legal obligations. We will not keep more data than we need. Additional Information for California Consumers To listen to the Audio version of this page please download the file . Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), we are required to notify California consumers about our collection, use, and disclosure of their personal information (whether collected through this website or offline). Please see more information about this here . Changes to Our Privacy Policy We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time to align with changes to our business practices and/or changes to our legal requirements. We will post the updated Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate that the updates have been made by changing the effective date first written above. We urge you to check back periodically to see whether there have been updates to our Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Services or communication with us about the Services after the updated Privacy Policy has been posted (or any other indication of your consent) will constitute your acceptance of the updated Privacy Policy. Please note that we may condition your continued access to our Services on your consent to changes to this Privacy Policy. Contact If you have questions, comments or requests relating to this Privacy Policy, or wish to opt out of any usage of your information as described herein, please e-mail us at privacy@cision.com or write to us at: Cision US, Inc. Legal Dept. (Privacy) 1785 Greensboro Station, 8thFloor McLean, VA 22102 Or at Cision 5 Churchill Place London E14 5HU LAST UPDATED ON SEPTEMBER 13, 2022 Request Pricing Privacy Concerns: Privacy Preference Center Manage Cookie Preferences Strictly Necessary These technologies are needed to enable our websiteto run and keep it secure. Performance Analytics Performance Analytics These technologies tell us how you use our sites and apps, and provide information to help us improve the website and browser experience. Functional Functional These technologies allow us to provide enhanced functionality and personalise content for you. For example they're used to recognise you when you return to our website. If you do not allow these technologies then some or all these services may not function properly. Marketing Marketing These services helps us decide which products, services and content may be relevant for you. We use this data to customise the content you see on our websites and social media. These technologies are set by us or by our carefully-selected third parties.They help us understand the performance of our marketing activities and improve the relevance of the content that you see. Performance Cookies Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelVimeo Privacy Policy Last Updated: June 30, 2023 This Privacy Policy explains the information that Vimeo collects when you use its products and services, how that information is used, with whom it may be shared, and your privacy choices. 1. Introduction Who we are and what we do This Privacy Policy covers Vimeo.com, Inc. (collectively, “Vimeo,” “we” “us” or “our”). We provide online video hosting, sharing and related services through our owned-and-operated websites, including Vimeo.com and Livestream.com, our branded applications for mobile and connected devices, and our embeddable video players (collectively, the “services”). Acceptance and Changes By registering for, downloading, or using our services, you accept this Privacy Policy, which is part of our Terms of Service . We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post any modified version of our Privacy Policy at https://vimeo.com/privacy . If we change the Privacy Policy in a way that materially lessens our commitments to you, we will provide notice to registered users by email or other methods. 2. Children's Privacy We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals who are under the minimum required ages specified herein. You must be at least 16 years old or the age of majority in your jurisdiction, whichever is greater, to use our services. Individuals under the applicable age may use our services only through a parent or legal guardian's account and with their involvement. If you are a parent or legal guardian who believes your child has provided personal information to Vimeo without your consent, you may ask us to delete such information by contacting us at privacy@vimeo.com . 3. Data We Collect About You We collect information about you when you use our services. In addition, third parties may collect information about you when you use our services. Collected information may include or reflect personal information that could identify you, as well as non-personal information. We refer to your information as "your data" for short. Account Information To create an account, you must provide a valid email address and password. If you choose to sign-up and/or authenticate using a third-party account (e.g., Facebook, Google), you authorize us to obtain account information from the third-party platform. Financial Information To make a purchase, you may need to provide a valid payment method (e.g., credit card or PayPal account). Your payment information will be collected and processed by our authorized payment vendors. We do not directly collect or store credit or debit card numbers ourselves in the ordinary course of processing transactions. If we allow purchase through a third-party platform (i.e. in-app purchase), the payment method stored with the third-party platform will be charged. If you wish to sell items or earn money from advertising through our services, you must provide an account to receive funds and tax information, which may include your name, address, and taxpayer identification number. Content You Submit You may upload and create content such as videos, text, photographs, and artwork. Your account profile may display information about you and your activities. This information may be accessed by others. Your videos may be viewed and otherwise accessed by others, and associated metadata (e.g., titles, closed captions, descriptions, tags, etc.) may be viewable by others. You may choose to limit the availability of your profile and videos. For more details, see Section 9 . Your interactions during events such as live streams and webinars, or with other users (e.g., comments, "likes," poll responses) may be seen by others. Capture Forms You may submit information through a capture form set up by a video owner or webinar host. This information will be received by both Vimeo and the video owner and is subject to both Vimeo's Privacy Policy as well as the video owner's privacy policy. Except where Vimeo is the video owner, Vimeo will not use any information you submit through such forms for direct marketing purposes. Other Information You May Submit You may submit data to us for limited purposes such as requesting customer support; participating in a study or survey; entering contests or sweepstakes; applying for a job; or signing up to receive communications from us or another user. Automatically-Collected Information We automatically collect certain types of data when you use our services, regardless of whether you have an account. This data includes your IP address, technical information about your device (e.g., browser type, operating system, basic device information), the web page you visited or search query you entered before reaching us, and your activities. We may track your activities using cookies and similar technologies. By using our services, you agree to our use of these methods as set forth in our Cookie Policy .Physical Products We collect your shipping address to send you products you have ordered. Information Collected by Third Parties Some third parties may collect data about you when you use our services. This may include data you submit (such as payment information) or automatically-collected information (in the case of third-party analytics providers and advertising partners). We may obtain data from third parties about you. We may combine that data with information that we have collected. For example, some advertisers or advertising platforms may allow us to determine what other online services you might use so that we may place relevant ads on those services. 4. How We Use Your Data We may use your data for the following purposes: Identification and authentication: We use your data to verify you when you access your account. Operating our services: We use your data to provide our services, process and fulfill orders, provide customer support, and to otherwise comply with our contractual obligations to you. We (and/or our third-party vendors) use your financial information to process purchases made by you and to pay you amounts you have earned. Communicating with you: We use your data when we communicate with you (e.g., when we respond to a customer support or other inquiry). Improving our services: We use your data to understand how our services are being used and how we can improve them. In general, we analyze aggregated data, rather than specific user data. We may, however, need to analyze a specific case to address a specific problem (e.g., a bug that affects only a few accounts). Customizing your experience: We use your data to personalize the service to you. This may include remembering your preferences for language or volume or displaying videos that you might enjoy, based upon your viewing choices. Marketing and advertising: We use your data to show you ads on third-party sites, and to measure the effectiveness of those ads. Exercising our rights: Where reasonably necessary, we use your data to exercise our legal rights and prevent abuse of our service. For example, we may use your data to detect and prevent fraud, spam, or content that violates our Terms of Service. Legal compliance: We use your data where we are legally required to do so. For example, we may need to gather your data to respond to a subpoena or court order. Protecting your information: Where appropriate, we may anonymize, backup, and delete certain data. We may use algorithms and other automated means to implement any of the above. Whenever we process your data for one of these purposes, we have determined that one or more of the following lawful bases apply: Performance of a contract;Legitimate commercial interest;Compliance with a legal obligation; orConsent If you require further information about the balancing test that Vimeo has undertaken to justify its reliance on legitimate interest as a lawful basis of processing, see Section 15 for information on how to contact us. 5. With Whom We Share Your Data We share data with third parties as follows: As you instruct: We may make your profile and videos available to others as you instruct in using our services. We may share your data with persons to whom you have granted account-level access. With your consent: We may share your data with third parties where we have obtained your express consent to do so. Authorized vendors: We may share your data with third-party vendors that help us operate our services, process orders, and comply with your instructions and our contractual obligations. This includes payment processors, content delivery networks (CDNs), cloud-based hosting services, monitoring services, email service providers, quality assurance and testing vendors, fraud and abuse prevention vendors, customer relations management (CRM) vendors, and shipment vendors. Advertising: We may share your data with advertising companies to display relevant ads to you, and to measure the effectiveness of those ads. Analytics: We may share your data with analytics providers which help us understand how customers are using our services. We may also share identifying analytics information with the hosts of webinars you attend, or users of your organization-administered account (see below for more details). Affiliates and advisors: We may share your data with our auditors and advisors for planning, financial reporting, accounting, auditing, tax filings, and legal compliance. We may share your data with our affiliates to the extent necessary to provide you with the services ordered. Certain legal situations: We may share your data where we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or in connection with a corporate transaction as discussed in Section 6. Aggregated or anonymized information: We may publicly disclose non-personal aggregated or anonymized information such as our number of visitors and registered users.We use reasonable efforts to vet vendors for their privacy and data security practices. We require that such vendors agree to protect the data we share. Organization-Administered Accounts You may create a Vimeo account using an email address provided or assigned to you by an organization (such as your work email address). If the organization establishes a direct relationship with us, they may convert your personal account to become part of the organization's account. This means the organization may: Access information about your account activity;Take control of the account, including any content whether uploaded before or after the date that the organization converts your account to the organization's account; and/orDelete your account. If you sign up for a Vimeo account using an email address issued to you by an organization, Vimeo may share your personal information (e.g., name, email address) with such organization. If you do not want an organization to access or otherwise control an account, use a personal email address and do not use an organizational email address when creating an account. 6. Legal and Safety-Related Disclosures We may disclose your data in response to official requests (e.g., court orders, subpoenas, search warrants, national security requests, etc.) ("requests") that we receive from government authorities or parties to legal proceedings. We direct law enforcement agencies to our Law Enforcement Guidelines page. We handle U.S. requests in accordance with U.S. law. If the request originates from a foreign jurisdiction, we will typically disclose information where we in good faith believe that disclosure is permitted by both U.S. law and local law. In all cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us, in our sole discretion. We may disclose user data where we reasonably believe that someone's life is at risk. For example, if we become aware of a person threatening to commit suicide, we may share that person's data with appropriate entities that may have the ability to help. We may disclose user data to report suspected crimes. We report content suspected of exploiting minors to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC) along with the data identifying the uploading user. We may disclose user data in situations involving legal claims against us or one of our users. If you submit a Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) or other takedown notice, we may share that notice with the affected user. If you challenge such a notice, we may share your response with the complainant. We may share your data with potential transaction partners, advisors, and others in the event our company is, in whole or part, acquired by a third party. In such case, we will use reasonable efforts to require the acquiring entity to comply with this Privacy Policy. 7. Data Retention We retain your data for as long as you have an account. When you close an account, we will delete its content, including its videos. We may retain logs of automatically collected information (for internal analytics and security purposes); your email address; your tax information; communications with you; and your transactional information (for auditing, tax, and financial purposes). When we no longer have a business reason for retaining data, we will delete or anonymize it. We retain deleted videos on our servers for a short period in case you wish to reverse deletion. Once we delete a video, we may not be able to recover it. If you have previously made a video public, the video or its thumbnail may be discoverable in a search engine's cache for a time. We have no control over search engines; however, we will, upon request, send a request for deletion to major search engines. If we receive legal process pertaining to your account, we will retain your data for as long as we in good faith believe is necessary to comply with the legal process. Similarly, if we believe that your account has been involved in wrongdoing, we may preserve your data to defend or assert our rights. 8. Your Privacy Choices We enable you to make numerous choices about your data: You may choose not to provide us with certain information. For example, you may choose not to create an account or not to provide optional account information.You may change your account and video privacy settings. See Section 9 for more details.You may change or correct information voluntarily submitted to us. We encourage you to keep your data current by viewing your settings page.You may opt out of receiving commercial emails from us. See Section 10 for more details. You may limit the use of cookies. See our Cookie Policy for options.You may backup your videos.You may close your account (which will delete all videos) or delete certain videos. Users in certain jurisdictions may have additional rights. See Section 14 for more details. 9.Account and Video Privacy Settings As part of our services we offer you the ability to limit the distribution of your content, including your videos. This section explains some of your choices. Profile Some of our online subscription plans enable you to "hide" your profile or otherwise make it inaccessible on our website. Your profile will, however, remain accessible to persons who have access to your account or content. Team Members Some of our subscription plans enable you to grant account-level access rights to others. Persons with such access (" Team Members ") may be able to see and potentially alter your data. You may revoke or downgrade Team Member access at any time. Videos We enable you to manage the privacy settings of your videos. On Vimeo.com, for example, your options, which depend on your subscription plan, may include: Public: Your video will be publicly-available. Private: Your video will be available to you and authorized Team Members. Unlisted: Your video will be available to anyone who has the unique URL. Password: Your video may be accessed by anyone who enters the password you have set. You may change a video's privacy settings at any time. Changes will be applied on a go-forward basis. You may create a sharable link to your video for the purpose of sharing your video with others or embedding your video on a third-party website (including your own). Creating such a sharable link will override your privacy settings and will allow anyone who enters the link in a browser to view your video without restriction. Similarly, embedding your video on a publicly-available website will allow the public to view your video regardless of your privacy settings. You should exercise caution in granting access to others (whether through link sharing or passwords). Once you have granted access to someone else, you lose a degree of control over the distribution of your video as those persons may share the password and/or link with other people. Regardless of your profile or video privacy settings, Vimeo reserves the right to inspect them for compliance with its Terms of Service , to provide customer support, or to address technical issues. 10. Communications from Us Emails If you create an account, you may receive commercial emails from us. This includes newsletters and offers. You may always opt out from receiving commercial messages in your account settings. Please note that any opt-out request may take several days to process and you will continue to receive transactional emails from us (e.g., emails confirming transactions and/or providing information about your account). Mobile Device Communications We may, with your consent, send push notifications in our apps. You may disable these by declining them or changing the app's settings. To the extent provided, we may, with your consent, send SMS messages to your mobile telephone for authentication and security purposes. You may opt out of receiving such messages at any time. 11. Protecting Your Information We use physical, technical, and organizational security measures to safeguard your data from unauthorized or accidental disclosure. Despite these efforts, no information system can be 100% secure, so we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information. Users also have a role to play in keeping their data safe. We encourage you to use a unique and hard-to-guess password for your account and to not share it with others. You should only grant access rights to people who you know and trust, and, even then, you should be careful in granting all access rights. You should monitor your account regularly. If you believe that someone has gained access to your account without your permission, please contact us immediately so that we can investigate. 12. Your Responsibilities You may receive other people's data in using our service. If you receive information from other users, you must process that information in compliance with your published privacy policy and all applicable laws, including those concerning privacy, data security, and online marketing. 13. Third-Party Services We may provide access to online services that we do not own or operate via hyperlinks or integrations. These services fall outside of this Privacy Policy and we have no control over the data they collect. Once on a third-party site, your data may be collected by others. We encourage you to read our Third-Part y Service Addendum and the privacy policies of such services before using them. You may use our service through third-party sites. For example, you may watch a video that is embedded on a third-party site or use one of our apps on a third-party platform. This Privacy Policy covers our apps and video players, but does not cover any third-party site or any third-party video player. 14. International Data Transfers and Certain User Rights 14.1 Location of Data Vimeo is based in the United States.We provide services globally using computer systems, servers, and databases located in the U.S. and other countries. When you use our services from outside of the U.S., your information may be transferred to and processed in the U.S.. Please note that U.S. data and privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Residents of certain countries may be subject to additional protections as set forth in Sections 14.2 and 14.3 below. 14.2 GDPR (EEA and UK Users) This Section 14.2 applies only to natural persons residing in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom (for the purpose of this section only, "you" or "your" shall be limited accordingly). It is Vimeo's policy to comply with the EEA's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). In accordance with the GDPR, we may transfer your personal information from your home country to the U.S. (or other countries) based upon the following legal bases: Legitimate business interests: We could not provide our services or comply with our legal obligations without transferring your personal information to the U.S.Our use of Standard Contractual Clauses (also known as "Model Clauses") where appropriate. You have the right to: opt out of non-essential cookies (see our Cookie Policy ); access, correct, delete, restrict, or object to our use of your personal information; be forgotten; port your data; and withdraw consents. We enable exercise of these rights primarily through our services (which we reserve the right to modify). For example, we allow users to change their information, download their videos, and close their accounts. We also fulfil our obligations in response to direct requests. We will endeavor to process requests within one month. Please note that we may not be able to comply with requests to the extent that they would cause us to violate any law or infringe any other person's rights. We reserve the right to request appropriate identification. We will process requests free of charge unless they would impose an unreasonable cost on us. If you have a request, complaint or inquiry, please contact our Data Protection Officer at the address listed in Section 15 . We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any issue. You also have the right to file a complaint with the supervisory data protection authority of your jurisdiction. 14.3 U.S. State Privacy Disclosures and Consumer Rights Additional details about Vimeo’s data collection, use, and third-party disclosures can be found in our U.S. State Privacy Notice . 15. How to Contact Us For any questions, inquiries, or complaints relating to your privacy, please contact us at: Vimeo.com, Inc. Attention: Data Protection Officer 330 West 34th Street, 5th Floor New York, New York 10001 Privacy@vimeo.com Alternatively, if you are in the UK or EU/EEA and would like to exercise your rights or have questions about our processing of personal data, you may contact our local representative for EU/EEA or the UK. For the EU/EEA: RA Robert Niedermeier, DATA BUSINESS SERVICES GmbH & CO KG-Germany, Noerdliche Muenchner Str 47, 82031 Gruenwald/Munich, Germany ; or by email at niedermeier@db5.io . For the UK: RA Robert Niedermeier, DATA BUSINESS SERVICES GmbH & CO KG-UK, Golden Cross House, 8 Duncannon Street, Greater London WC2N4JF, London, England ; or by email at niedermeier@db5.io . Use cases Product Resources Apps Vimeo © 2023 Vimeo.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Language: English Mature content filter: Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be disabled. You may be able to configure your Internet browser to block strictly necessary cookies. However, if you block cookies in this category, which do not collect or store any personal information, this could affect some parts of the website and cause it to function incorrectly. Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits, identify traffic sources and understand how our services are used to measure and improve performance. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you visited our site and we will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies These cookies improve functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by other third-party providers whose services we add to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all of these additional functions may not work properly. Targeting Cookies Our advertising partners may set these cookies on our site. They can be used to show you our ads on third-party sites, measure the effectiveness of those ads, or prevent ads from being shown to you. They do not store personal information directly, but rather uniquely identify your browser and device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will not receive targeted advertising.Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label