Global Privacy Practices Ultra.cc provides the same high standard of privacy protection—as described in Ultra.cc Privacy and Data Handling Policy —to all our users and customers worldwide, regardless of their country of origin. Ultra.cc is proud of the level of notice, choice, accountability, security, data integrity, access, and recourse we provide. Our Privacy Frameworks are based on principles, and Ultra.cc adheres to them in the following ways: Notice We let you know when we're collecting your personal information.In our Data Handling Policy , we let you know what purposes we have to collect and use your information, whom we share that information with and under what restrictions, and what access you have to your data. Choice We let you choose what happens to your data. Before we use your data for a purpose other than the one for which you gave it to us, we will let you know and get your permission.We will provide you with reasonable mechanisms to make your choices. Accountability for Onward Transfer If needed, we share only the amount of data with our third-party vendors as is necessary to complete their transaction.For payments, all information is handled by our payment processors.Under no circumstances do we sell your data to third parties, nor our payment processors share their information with us other than verification of payments. Security We will protect your personal information with all reasonable and appropriate security measures. Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation We only collect your data for the purposes relevant to providing our services to you.We collect as little information about you as we can unless you choose to give us more. Access You are always able to access the data we have about you in your Ultra.cc user profile. You may access, update, alter, or delete your information there. Recourse, Enforcement, and Liability If you have questions about our privacy practices, you can reach us with our ticketing system or our community Discord server , and we will respond as soon as possible.We will conduct regular audits of our relevant privacy practices to verify compliance with our promises.We require our employees to respect our privacy promises, and violation of our privacy policies is subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment. Footer Ultra.cc is the marketing name of SlashN Services Pte. Ltd. for apps platform-based services. Resources Your Account Legal © 2023 SlashN Services Pte. Ltd. All rights reserved.Data Handling Policy At Ultra.cc, we ask and store the minimum amount of information from you that is necessary to maintain our records and provide the services that you’d expect from us. The Ultra.cc team is also well-trained to handle your data with the utmost privacy and security in mind and are required to observe strict rules, which includes using strong credentials and multi-factor authentication. Also, all of the payment processing is entirely handled by our payment processors, and none of your financial information is stored to Ultra.cc, aside from the user’s payment and their respective transaction IDs. Email Uses Serve as your login on your Ultra.cc Client Area and Ultra.cc Control Panel .Point of contact for Ultra.cc service announcementsPoint of contact for Ultra.cc Ticket System inquiries Collection The user provides this during signup. Storage WHMCS = CleartextDjango Suit = Cleartext Access and Reasons for Access UserUltra.cc teamThis is for contacting the user for support or any service announcements. Retention Indefinite More information Username Uses This is to identify the user on the Ultra.cc Ticket System .It also will be the name of the user’s Ultra.cc slot.It’ll be registered as a local user on the server that the user’s slot has deployed in. This will also show any running processes that the user has.It’ll also serve as the user’s username for installed applications. Collection The user provides this during signup. Storage WHMCS = CleartextDjango Suit = CleartextInstalled Applications = Depends on the Application Access and Reasons for Access UserUltra.cc teamThis is needed for any support inquiries.This is also required to investigate any server issues by searching for applications that have high resource consumption, server instability source, or any illegitimate applications that the user runs. Retention Indefinite More Information Country Uses This is to compute taxes that apply to the user’s country of their choosing. Collection The user provides this during signup. Storage WHMCS = Cleartext Access and Reasons for Access UserUltra.cc team Retention Indefinite More Information Password Ultra.cc Client Area Password Uses Serve as the user’s password on your Ultra.cc Client Area . Collection The user provides this during signup on the Ultra.cc Client Area . Storage WHMCS = Encrypted Access and Reasons for Access UserLimited access by the Ultra.cc team The Ultra.cc team has no means of seeing the user’s password as it is hashed, but they can reset your password for you after verification. Retention Indefinite More Information Ultra.cc Control Panel Password Uses Serve as the user’s password on the Ultra.cc Control Panel to gain access to their slot. Collection The user provides this after the deployment of the user’s slot. Storage Django Suit = Encrypted Access and Reasons for Access UserLimited access by the Ultra.cc teamThe Ultra.cc team has no means of seeing the user’s password as it is hashed, but they can reset your password for you after verification. Retention Indefinite More Information Application Passwords Uses Serve as the password for the user’s installed applications. Collection The user provides this after the deployment of the user’s slot. Storage Django Suit = CleartextInstalled Applications = Depends on the Application Access and Reasons for Access UserUltra.cc teamThis is needed to provide application-specific support inquiries, with the user’s permission. Retention Until the user uninstalls the application More Information Payment Processing PayPal Uses Serves as one of Ultra.cc payment gateways Collection Payment processing is done entirely by PayPal. The only data that is saved in WHMCS under the user’s account is the PayPal Transaction ID . Storage WHMCS = Cleartext (PayPal Transaction ID) Access and Reasons for Access Ultra.cc Sales TeamThe Ultra.cc Sales Team may verify the user’s information with PayPal as part of our sales process. Retention Indefinite Stripe Uses Serves as one of Ultra.cc payment gateways Collection Payment processing is done entirely by Stripe. The only data that is saved in WHMCS under the user’s account is the Stripe Payment ID, Hash, Card's last four digits and expiry . Storage WHMCS = Cleartext (Stripe Payment ID) Access and Reasons for Access Ultra.cc Sales TeamThe Ultra.cc Sales Team may verify the user’s information with Stripe as part of our sales process. Retention Indefinite Coinbase Payment API Uses Serves as one of Ultra.cc payment gateways Collection Payment processing is done entirely by Coinbase. The only data that is saved in WHMCS is the Coinbase Order Code and Confirmation Hash . Storage WHMCS = Cleartext (Order Code and Confirmation Hash) Access and Reasons for Access Ultra.cc Sales TeamThe Ultra.cc Sales Team may verify the user’s information with Coinbase as part of our sales process.Retention Indefinite Logs and Analytics Server Metrics Uses This is to view the health and resource usage of the servers. Collection The user provides this after the deployment of the user’s slot. Storage Ultra.cc Servers = CleartextDjango Suit = CleartextSentry.io = Cleartext Access and Reasons for Access UserServer metrics can be viewed using various Linux utilities installed on your slot. The following are the major metrics can be seen: CPU UsageSwap UsageRAM Usage1/5/15 Load AverageYour running processesProcesses run by other users on the same server are not accessible by you.Input/Output metricsDisk spaceQuota disk space (your allocated disk space)Physical disk spaceUltra.cc TeamIn addition to the metrics above, the Ultra.cc team uses Sentry.io to quickly aggregate all metrics from all of the servers and warn the team of any errors in any servers. Server metrics can be used for support inquiries and to investigate any resource abuse in any server. Retention Indefinite Authentication Logs Ultra.cc Control Panel Login Attempts Uses Any invalid access accepts are logged into Django Suit, which bars the user from logging into the UCP after a certain number of attempts for a certain period of time. This includes the following:Username, as inputted by the userIP addressNumber of attemptsLast date of attempt Collection These are collected when a user enters his credentials incorrectly. Storage Django Suit = Cleartext Access and Reasons for Access Ultra.cc TeamThese are used to identify any brute-force attemptsUser can also request to lift his timeout and remove the access attempt, upon request and verification via the Ticket system Retention 24 hours or if the user requests it. sshd Logs Uses Standard logs created by the SSH Daemon. It’s located at Collection These are collected when SSH Daemon is operational Storage Ultra.cc Servers = Cleartext Access and Reasons for Access Limited Access Ultra.cc teamThese are checked for possible network intrusions, checking certificates for expiry and SSH daemon troubleshooting by the Ultra.cc Technical Support Team and are accessed only when necessary. Retention Indefinite System Generated Logs Uses Server-wide generated logs, used in identifying any issues on the servers. Collection These are logs that are generated by the operating system of the servers. Storage Ultra.cc Servers = CleartextSentry.io = Cleartext Access and Reasons for Access Limited Access Ultra.cc teamThey are used to identify any issues in a specific server.The logs are also aggregated by Sentry.io, which warns the team of any errors in any servers. Retention Indefinite Logs Generated by Installed Applications Uses Logs generated by your installed applications, used in identifying issues within your slot. Collection The user’s installed applications generate these logs. Storage Django Suit = CleartextInstalled Applications = Cleartext Access and Reasons for Access UserUltra.cc teamThis is needed to provide application-specific support inquiries, with your permission. Retention Until the user uninstalls the application or removes it. User’s bash History Uses This is a record of all the commands entered by the user on the slot’s shell. It’s located in Collection Each command entered on the shell is recorded. Storage Ultra.cc Servers = Cleartext Access and Reasons for Access UserUltra.cc teamThese are used for general or application-specific inquiries such as checking if the entered commands by the user are correct. Also used to check for possible intrusions or server abuse. Retention Indefinite until the user removes it. Hosted Data Installed Applications Uses Essential files for installed applications to run properly Collection The user installs this on your slot. Storage Ultra.cc Servers = Depends on the Application Access and Reasons for Access UserUltra.cc teamThis is for application-centric support inquiries, with the user’s permission. Retention Indefinite until the user removes it. User Data Uses Data created by the user and/or the user’s applications and is stored on the user’s slot. Collection This is created by the user and/or the user’s applications. Storage Ultra.cc Servers = Cleartext Access and Reasons for Access UserThe user’s files are stored in one of the home folders in one of Ultra.cc servers and are isolated from other users. Only the user can access it. Ultra.cc teamThis can be accessed for any support inquiries, with the user’s permission. Retention Indefinite until the user removes it.For any legitimate DMCA takedown notices, we’ll be informing the user and be asked to delete said content within 24 hours. More Information Footer Ultra.cc is the marketing name of SlashN Services Pte. Ltd. for apps platform-based services. Resources Your Account Legal © 2023 SlashN Services Pte. Ltd. All rights reserved.