Privacy Notice Collect, store, and use the minimum amount of personal information necessary for its legitimate business purposes, and to comply with legal obligations. Take reasonable steps to ensure the personal information managed is accurate and up-to-date. Limit who has access to personal information in our possession to only those who need it for a legitimate, specific purpose. Protect personal information through appropriate physical and technical security measures tailored to the sensitivity of the personal data we hold. Communicate with our students, faculty, employees, suppliers, partners, and others about how we use personal information in our day-to-day operations. Transparency is one of our core principles for using personal information for the purposes for which it was collected Provide opportunities to control personal information, as permitted by applicable United States and other laws. Integrate privacy in the design of our activities when that involves the use of personal data. About About The University of Maryland, College Park is the state's flagship university and one of the nation's preeminent public research universities. A global leader in research, entrepreneurship and innovation, the university is home to more than 40,700 students, 14,000 faculty and staff, and nearly 400,000 alumni all dedicated to the pursuit of Fearless Ideas. Located just outside Washington, D.C., we discover and share new knowledge every day through our renowned research enterprise and programs in academics, the arts and athletics. And we are committed to social entrepreneurship as the nation’s first “Do Good” campus. DO GOOD Introducing The Nation's First Do Good Campus Transforming Idealism into Impact Academics Academics Spanning 12 schools and colleges, Maryland offers more than 300 degree-granting programs, many of them ranked among the best in the country. Our faculty includes two Nobel laureates, three Pulitzer Prize winners, 58 members of the national academies and scores of Fulbright scholars. And our students, who include the highest achievers in the state and nation, enjoy experiences unique to our location just outside the nation’s capital, including internships, research, and leadership and service opportunities. Schools and Colleges Research and Innovation Research and Innovation The University of Maryland is one of the world’s premier research institutions. With our strategic location and scores of partnerships with government and businesses, UMD conducts groundbreaking research on some of the biggest challenges facing our global community, including cybersecurity and terrorism, bioengineering, public health equity, food safety and climate change. We strive to discover new knowledge and put it to work through innovation and entrepreneurship, advancing economic development and transforming lives. The newly launched Innovation Gateway will guide you to the resources, programs, partners, and spaces you need to activate and scale your fearless ideas into innovations that launch new ventures, catalyze growth, and advance economic development. Arts Arts At the University of Maryland, the arts, the humanities and the sciences intersect to address important societal issues and shed new light on the human experience. Our vibrant campus arts community collaborates with local and national cultural organizations such as the Phillips Collection, Kennedy Center and Folger Shakespeare Library. Student and faculty artists, designers, historians, writers and performers are exploring new media, presenting new perspectives, investigating new techniques and engaging new audiences. Athletics Athletics Home of the Terrapins, the University of Maryland has one of the nation’s most recognizable and successful athletics programs. More than 550 student-athletes compete each year in 20 intercollegiate sports—12 for women and eight for men. Since 2005 alone, Maryland has won 19 national championships, including NCAA titles in women’s basketball, men’s soccer, men's lacrosse, women’s lacrosse, and field hockey. Since joining the Big Ten Conference in 2014, UMD has won a combined 32 regular season and tournament championships. Fear the Turtle! Student Life Student Life The Terp experience extends beyond classrooms, labs and studios. It encompasses residence halls and dining halls, clubs and sports, fraternities and sororities, campus events and performances, and countless off-campus destinations. Maryland touts 800-plus student organizations, dozens of prestigious living and learning communities, and countless other ways to get involved. Students here can create a unique identity and grow as individuals, even as they’re part of a close-knit and diverse community. On Campus On Campus Keep Learning! Earn credits, satisfy a major requirement, and stay on track for graduation. Classes meet in person or online.Convenient 3 or 6-week sessions, May 30 - August 18, 2023. Learn more at summer.umd.edu . News & Events News & Events News Latest news at Maryland Today For media releases visit UMD Right Now Events Admissions Terps are bold, smart, curious and proud. We do good, in our communities and out in the world. We are fearless. And we are always looking to expand our ranks. Interested in becoming a University of Maryland student? This is where to start. Search Search keyword or phrase Campus Resources Student Resources Technical Support Giving to Maryland Give to Maryland Giving back is a fearless Terp tradition, and there are many ways you can not only keep it alive, but also make an instant impact. Support the Clark Challenge for the Maryland Promise Scholarship and double your impact through the Clark Challenge. University of Maryland on YouTubeUniversity of Maryland on FacebookUniversity of Maryland on TwitterUniversity of Maryland on Instagram MD 20742, USA