PRIVACY POLICY Company United Cloud would like to inform you on the method and the reason for collecting and processing the information about you. This notice refers to the personal data protection, collected by us, as a data controller through our webpage united.cloud and processed for the needs listed below. Company United Cloud takes on all technical, personnel, and organizational measures for data protection in accordance with the Law on personal data protection (‘Official Gazette RS’ no 87/2018; 'Law' hereafter) and other relevant regulations. WHO IS RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR DATA PROCESSING? United Cloud doo Beograd, Bld Milutina Milankovica 1ž, Registration number 21534170, TIN 111752514, as a data controller in terms of Law. WHICH CATEGORIES OF PERSONAL DATA DO WE PROCESS AND HOW DO WE GET THE DATA? The Information you provide on your own Job application If you contact us through our page Career during the job application process, or if you are applying for an internship or a job in our company, we might ask you the questions about your professional life that might be significant for your future position. United Cloud uses your personal data in order to best coordinate your skills, experience, and education with the specific positions we offer For such purposes, you also may choose to provide your personal data to United Cloud by creating a user profile at our webpage united.cloud. Personal data we collect about you during the application process into our database refers to the following: Your name, surname, date and place of birth, and contact details such as email address or a phone number;Information about your education, courses and training you have attended, documents confirming your identity, data contained in official public records;Information listed in your biography, Curriculum Vitae, or motivation letter;Data from social networks you provide us a link to;If you contact us directly, we may save the details of that communication in some cases; Data that you share with our consultants during the selection process (this may include, but is not limited to: data on expected earnings, motivation for the job, abilities, achieved results in the work, etc.);The opinion of your profile that our consultants have, or which we get from our customers or third parties;Opinions that you provide about others (individuals and/or companies) during the selection process;Photos and videos, if you choose to provide this kind of data or engage in video communication with us. This information is being forwarded to those who decide about the employment process and later decide on whether you will be invited for an interview or not. The additional information may be collected by United Cloud company if invited for an interview as well as in the subsequent stages of the process. Other information You can decide to directly provide us with your personal data, for instance, via e-mail which is specified on our page. Thus, you are providing us all the information that you wish. The information automatically collected during the visit and use of our page During the visit and use of our website for the information purposes exclusively, i.e. if you do not register or provide your personal data in any other way, we collect only personal data that your Web browser transmits, which is technically necessary in order to display our website and provide security and stability. During the visit and use of our website, your computer will store cookies and other technologies like pixels (hereafter ‘cookies’). Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer browser directory in order to save various information usually specific for the visitor or the device you use for the website overview. We use this data to improve your user experience, to understand you better as well as to understand your needs, and customize the content of our website to them. Due to the importance of all these data, the first notification that you will receive when you enter our site is related to cookies. Additional information about cookies is contained in the following text of this document under the title ‘Cookies’. For what purposes will your data be processed and what is the legal basis for the processing? The processing of your personal data is done in an electronic format and may include in particular the following processing operations: collecting, sorting, use, analysis, disclosure, sharing, storage, and deletion. We process the data about you in order to: build, maintain, and improve our websiteimprove the experience you have when searching for content on our websiteprovide you with the information that really interests you in a form that best suits you and your preferencesto match your skills, experience, and education with the specific positions offered by our companyanalyze the trends that our customers pose to use every day as challenges we strive for.The legal basis for the processing of your personal data is the realization of a legitimate interest of United Cloud Company (such as, for instance, our business partners and/or the United Group member companies) all regarding the functioning of our website and/or actions relating to the use of our website. Besides that, in some cases, we process personal data based on the consent you expressly grant to us at the time we collect such personal data. You can withdraw your consent at any time, provided that the revocation does not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data that was performed prior to the revocation. In case of a revocation, further processing of your personal data will cease as soon as reasonably possible, unless there is another legal basis for the processing. HOW LONG DO WE KEEP YOUR DATA? We keep your personal data for as long as necessary to achieve the above-mentioned purpose(s) of their processing, as well as within the deadlines provided by the law. If the legal basis for the processing of your personal data is your consent and you decide to withdraw it, and there is no other legal basis for our processing of your personal data, we keep your personal data until the withdrawal of that consent. WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH? Your personal data, which we process with your consent only, will not be available to the third party or shared with persons outside the system of preparation, editing and technical maintenance of the website (who may be the employees of United Cloud or third parties who United Cloud has a contract about providing the services for the development and maintenance of the website with, as well as their subcontractors). Your personal data is protected from misuse, destruction, loss, unauthorized changes or access, both in the case when we process it directly and when it is done by the third parties with whom we have a contract or by their subcontractors. When you share certain personal data with us, there is a group of people to whom that information is available. Contact us. When you contact us via the contact form on the website or directly via e-mail, the content of that e-mail is only accessible to the employees who are responsible for communicating with you. We do not share the content of your e-mail with the persons who are not our employees. The exceptions are the individuals who are not part of our team but may have the access to your information because they are: Our partners. In certain cases, we may share your information with our business associates, consultants and other service providers who need that information to assist us in performing our day-to-day activities. Representatives of our members. In certain cases, the representatives of the companies that are members of United Group would have the access to your data if you requested a member company or the content of your request includes the inclusion of the representatives of the member companies. Representatives of state authorities. We will share your data with the representatives of state authorities if there is a legal basis and an official request for that. In the case that such request reaches us, we will inform the owner of data as soon as possible unless the law stipulates that we are not allowed to do so. We may also use your information to initiate and conduct appropriate legal proceedings in the case that your activity on our website violates privacy policy, other existing rules and procedures and/or laws and legal regulations of the Republic of Serbia, all in order to protect our rights, the rights of the companies that are our members and/or other users of our website or any other person. When creating various trend reports on our website, your data may be incorporated into group views of individual trends, but in the way that in any case it will be possible to identify you as a user. Our website may use social networks add-ons such as LinkedIn (LinkedIn Ireland, Gardner House, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland), Facebook (Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, U.S.), Instagram (1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, U.S.), and YouTube (YouTube, LLC 901 Cherry Ave. San Bruno, CA 94066 U.S.). We have no influence on the collection and use of data collected by LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram, and YouTube. We advise you to always inform yourself about this from the terms of use and instructions on data protection by those operators. Our website may also include links to other websites that are not under our control. If you access other Internet sites using these links, operators of these websites may request information from you that will use in accordance with their privacy policies, which may differ from ours. COOKIES Our website united. cloud uses cookies.Cookies are small text files that websites place on the visitors‘ computers to store various information, usually specific for the visitors themselves or to the device that you use to overview the website. Cookies are very useful because they allow modern websites to work exactly as users expect – with a higher level of personalization and richer interactive functionality. Almost all websites use cookies in one way or another, whereby every page that you visit writes the cookies to your computer or reloads them from it. There are different types of cookies. Some cookies come directly from our website, while others come from the third parties (our partners), who place cookies on our website. Different cookies may be stored for different periods of time in your web browser or device. Session cookies are deleted from your computer or device when you close your web browser. Persistent cookies will remain stored in your computer or device until they are deleted or expire. HOW DO WE USE COOKIES? We use cookies to improve your surfing experience by presenting the content that, as we believe, improves your user experience using our website, analyzing the way you use our website, and helping us to resolve any issue that might arise as well as to monitor the performance of our website. We only use the cookies listed in the table below. Their purpose and expiration date are also listed in the table. INSERT You can block these cookies by setting your Internet browser, but keep in mind that in that case you will not be able to use the functionalities of our website or you will not be able to use them in full. Also, if you have not blocked them, please note that when you use our website later, you can delete the initially enabled cookies at any time, provided that after you delete them, you will no longer be able to use the functionality of our website or you will not be able to use them completely. In any case, you can find out how it works in more detail by clicking on the corresponding option in the menu of your Internet browser. WHAT RIGHTS DO YOU HAVE REGARDING THE PROCESSING OF YOUR DATA? In terms of your personal data, and in accordance with the conditions provided by Law, you have the right at any time to request the information about the processing of your personal data and to access them, as well as to request a copy, correction, rectification or erasure, restriction of their processing, to object their processing (when conducted on the basis of a legitimate interest), and the right to interrupt their processing and (where applicable) the reception or transmission of data in a structured, commonly used and electronically readable format, as well as the right not to be a subject to a decision adopted solely on the basis of automated processing. If the legal basis for the processing of personal data is consent, you have a right to withdraw that consent at any time, provided that the withdrawal does not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out prior to the withdrawal. After the withdrawal of the consent, further processing of this data is not allowed unless there are other legal bases for it. Also, United Cloud is obliged to ensure that, to the extent applicable, the above-mentioned rights are respected and to enable their exercise within the deadlines provided by law. In the case of any unauthorized processing of your personal data, you have the right to legal protection, including the right to complain to the Commissioner for Information of Public Importance and Personal Data Protection, as well as the right to court protection of your rights. CONTACT US If you have any questions or concerns regarding the processing of your data or if you wish to exercise any of the above rights, please contact us via the following address or e-mail address: United Cloud doo Beograd Milutina Milankovića 1ž,11070 Belgrade, Serbia, dpo@united.cloud MODIFICATION OF PRIVACY POLICY Any use of the United Cloud website is subject to the terms and conditions described. We may change the content of this privacy policy at any time, without prior notice and the special consent of the user. Any changes in the privacy policy will be posted on this website. Therefore, we invite you to periodically check its content in order to be informed about possible changes in a timely manner. If you continue to use our website after that, you will be deemed to have agreed to the new content of the privacy policy. Sign In Offices BG Belgrade Serbia NI Niš Serbia KG Kragujevac Serbia LJ Ljubljana Slovenia ZH Zurich Switzerland Connect