Privacy Policy Unsplash Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries (“ Unsplash ”, “ we ” or “ us ”) are committed to protecting your privacy and safeguarding your personal information. The purpose of this privacy policy (the “ Privacy Policy ”) is to inform you about our privacy practices, including how we collect, use and disclose your personal information. This Privacy Policy applies to our website, mobile applications and related services (collectively, the “ Unsplash Services ”). By visiting, accessing, or using the Unsplash Services, you consent to the policies and practices of this Privacy Policy so please read them carefully. If any policies or practices of this Privacy Policy are unacceptable to you, please do not visit, access, or use the Unsplash Services. What's in this Privacy Policy? Privacy Policy Amendments Your privacy matters to us so whether you are new to the Unsplash Services or a long-time user, please take the time to get to know and familiarize yourself with our policies and practices. Feel free to print and keep a copy of this Privacy Policy, but please understand that we reserve the right to change any of our policies and practices at any time. But don’t worry, you can always find the latest version of this Privacy Policy here on this page. Visiting, accessing, or using the Unsplash Services following any change to this Privacy Policy is considered to be your acceptance of any such changes. You should, therefore, read this Privacy Policy from time to time. If you do not agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy, you should not visit, access or use the Unsplash Services. Personal Information We Collect The personal information we collect about you may include the following. In each case, we identify the grounds that we rely on to process your personal information under the General Data Protection Regulation (the “ GDPR ”): Account Profile – when you open an account, we may collect your first name, last name, email address, username and password. You may also provide additional details on your account profile, such as your profile picture, photos, location data, personal website, Instagram username, Twitter username and Facebook profile. Applicable legal grounds : contract performance, consent, legitimate interests (to enable us to perform our obligations and provide our services);Device Information – information that is automatically collected about your device, such as hardware, operating system, browser, etc. Applicable legal grounds : legitimate interests (to allow us to provide the content and services on the website), consent, contract performance; Location Information – information that is automatically collected via analytics systems providers to determine your location, including your IP address and/or domain name and any external page that referred you to us. Applicable legal grounds : legitimate interests (to allow us to provide the content and services on the website), consent, contract performance;Server Log Information – information that is generated by your use of the Unsplash Services that is automatically collected and stored in our server logs. This may include, but is not limited to, device-specific information, location information, system activity and any internal and external information related to Unsplash pages that you visit. Applicable legal grounds : legitimate interests (to allow us to provide the content and services on the website), consent, contract performance; Correspondence – information that you provide to us in correspondence, such as when you submit questions or inquiries and with respect to ongoing customer support. Applicable legal grounds : legitimate interests (to enable us to perform our obligations and provide our services), consent, contract performance.Payment Gateways - payment information such as your credit/debit card or financial account number is provided through a secure tunnel interface directly to a 3rd party payment processor (Stripe) and is not accessible to or collected by us. For more information check out Stripe’s Privacy Policy here. Unsplash may also make use of the standard practice of placing tiny data files called cookies, flash cookies, pixel tags, or other tracking tools (“ Cookies ”) on your computer or other devices used to access the Unsplash Services. Cookies are small bits of information that are automatically stored on the web browser of your device that can be retrieved by us. The type of information we collect includes, but is not limited to, uniquely identifying visitor information and information related to your usage preferences. We use these technologies to help us recognize you as a user, collect information about your use of the Unsplash Services to better customize our services and content for you.By using the Unsplash Services, you acknowledge and agree that we may collect and/or transmit any data collected to our third-party service providers, such as analytics providers, which may also make use of such technologies described above. Please note that if you block or delete cookies you will not be able to use some or all of the Unsplash Services. How We Use Personal Information We take steps designed to ensure that only those employees who need access to your personal information to fulfil their employment duties will have access to it. We may use the personal information we collect to: provide you with the Unsplash Services, including customer support;optimize and enhance the Unsplash Services, including to develop new products, services, features, and functionality;respond to inquiries and other requests;provide you with information that we think may interest you, including in regards to our products and services;monitor the usage of the Unsplash Services, including by conducting automated and manual security checks;understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our users; create aggregated and anonymized reporting data about the Unsplash Services;investigate legal claims;carry out such purposes for which we may obtain consent from time to time; andcarry out such other purposes as may be permitted or required by applicable law. How We Share Personal Information We may disclose your personal information to law enforcement and governmental entities when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with applicable laws, in response to a facially valid court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant, or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental agencies. We may also disclose your personal information to a third party in the event of any potential or completed reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business. We rely on third party services providers to perform a variety of services on our behalf, such as identity verification, detection of fraud or security threats, telephone or technical support, payment card processing, hosting services, and data storage or processing, and we may transfer your personal information to our service providers for such purposes. Third party service providers have access to and may collect personal information only as needed to perform their functions and are not permitted to share or use the information for any other purpose. When we disclose your personal information to third parties, we take reasonable measures to ensure that the rules set forth in this Privacy Policy are complied with and that such third parties provide sufficient guarantees to implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect your personal information. Information Security We take your privacy very seriously and have implemented physical, organizational and technological security measures with a view to protecting your personal information from loss or theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. In particular, we encrypt the Unsplash website with SSL; we periodically review information collection, storage, and processing practices; and we restrict access to your information on a need-to-know basis for our employees, contractors, and agents who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations. Additionally, our third-party payment processor Stripe encrypts your credit card information and stores it in a secure location, which can be accessed only by authorized personnel. Despite the measure outlined above, no method of information transmission or information storage is 100% secure or error-free, so we unfortunately cannot guarantee absolute security. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any information that you provided to us has been compromised), please contact us immediately using the contact information in the “Contact Us” section below. Retention of Personal Information We will use, disclose or retain your personal information only for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes for which that personal information was collected and as permitted or required by law. Rights Regarding Your Personal Information Under certain circumstances and in accordance with the GDPR or other applicable data protection laws, you have the following rights: Access – ask if we are processing information and, if we are, request access to your personal information.This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold and certain other information about you;Correction – request that any incomplete or inaccurate personal information about you that we hold be corrected;Erasure – ask us to delete or remove your personal information in certain circumstances. There are certain exceptions where we may refuse a request for erasure, for example, where the personal information is required for compliance with law or in connection with legal claims; Restriction – ask us to suspend the processing of your personal information, for example, to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it;Transfer – request the transfer of certain personal information to another party;Objection – challenge our processing of personal information based on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) or for direct marketing purposes. However, we may be entitled to continue processing information in certain circumstances;Automated decisions – contest any automated decision made where it has a legal or similar significant effect and ask for it to be reconsidered; and Consent – where we are processing personal information with consent, withdraw your consent. You also have a right to make a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority, in particular in the Country (as defined below) where you normally reside, where we are based or where an alleged infringement of data protection law has taken place. To exercise any of these rights, please contact us as set forth in the “Contact Us” section . Direct Marketing Subject to applicable laws and regulations, we may from time to time send direct marketing materials promoting services, products, facilities, or activities to you using information collected from you. If you no longer want to receive marketing-related communications from us, you may opt-out of such communications by clicking the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of emails you receive from us. You may also opt-out by contacting us directly using the contact information in the “Contact Us” section below. We will endeavour to respond to your opt-out request promptly, but we ask that you please allow us reasonable time to process your request. We will not provide your information to third parties for direct marketing or other unrelated purposes without your written consent. Please note that if you opt-out from receiving marketing-related communications, we may still need to send you communications about your use of our products or services, or other matters, subject to applicable laws and regulations. Data Transfer Your personal information may be stored and processed in any country, province or state (each a “ Country ”) where we have facilities or in which we engage third party service providers. As a result, your personal information may be transferred to Countries outside your Country of residence, which may have different data protection rules than in your Country. While such information is outside of your Country, it is subject to the laws of the Country in which it is held, and may be subject to disclosure to the governments, courts or law enforcement or regulatory agencies of such other Country, pursuant to the laws of such Country. However, our practices regarding your personal information will at all times continue to be governed by this Privacy Policy and, if applicable, we will comply with the GDPR requirements of providing adequate protection for the transfer of personal information from the EU/EEA to other countries. Third Party Websites and Services This Privacy Policy applies only to the Unsplash Services and does not extend to any websites or products or services provided by third parties. We do not assume responsibility for the privacy practices of such third parties, and we encourage you to review all third party privacy policies prior to using third party websites or products or services. Children's Privacy The Unsplash Services are not directed to children (under the age of 13 in the US and UK or 16 if you live in the EEA), and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children without obtaining parental consent. If we learn that personal information has been collected on the Unsplash Services from persons who are underage and without verifiable parental consent, then we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information.If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your under age child has provided personal information, then you may alert us as set forth in the “Contact Us” section and request that we delete that child’s personal information from our systems. Contact Us For any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or your personal information, to make an access or correction request, to exercise any applicable rights, to make a complaint, or to obtain information about our policies and practices with respect to any service providers outside Canada, our Privacy Officer can be reached at privacy@unsplash.com . This Privacy Policy was last updated on September 12th, 2022. Beautiful, free images gifted by the world’s most generous community of photographers. Better than any royalty free or stock photos. Unsplash TwitterUnsplash FacebookUnsplash Instagram11. Privacy Policy and Additional Requirements We take privacy seriously, and we want you to know what information we are collecting from you and how we are using it. Please read our privacy policy (the “ Privacy Policy ”) carefully. The Privacy Policy is incorporated into these Terms as part of our agreement.Additionally, we may notify you of additional requirements that you need to follow when using the Service, including the Unsplash License (the “ Additional Policies ”). These requirements could be things like acceptable use policies or community guidelines. Any Additional Policies that we post on or link to the Service are incorporated into these Terms as part of our agreement. 12. Modifying these Terms We may, at times, make changes to these Terms on 7 days’ notice. If and when we do, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the changes. We may provide these notices through a pop-up banner, by sending an email to an email address associated with your account on the Service, or in some other way, and we will let you know when the new version of these Terms will go into effect. If you don’t accept the new Terms that we are proposing, we may cancel your account immediately and terminate your access to the Service. If we have any disputes regarding the Service, they will be resolved in accordance with the version of these Terms that was in effect when the dispute arose. 13. Ownership of the Service Unsplash, Inc. owns and operates the Service. All of the software, visual interfaces, graphics, designs, information, compilation of Photos, and all other elements of the Service (the “ Materials ”) that we provide are protected by intellectual property and other laws. We or our licensors own all of the Materials contained in the Service and you cannot use the Materials except as you are specifically permitted under these Terms. 14. Indemnity You are responsible for your use of the Service. You agree to defend and indemnify us, including our directors, officers, employees, consultants, affiliates, and agents, from and against any and all claims, liabilities, damages, losses, and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs) arising out of or in any way connected with (i) your access to or use of the Service; (ii) your violation of these Terms or any law or regulation; (iii) your violation of anyone’s rights, including intellectual property rights; or (iv) any disputes between you and a third party. If you do have to defend us, we will have the right to assume exclusive control of the matter (without limiting your indemnification responsibilities) and, if that happens, you will cooperate with our defense of the claim. 15. Disclaimer; No Warranties WE PROVIDE THE SERVICE, AND ALL CONTENT THAT’S AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE, ON AN “AS-IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, TITLE, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING OUT OF THE COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE, OR TRADE. WE DO NOT GUARANTEE OR WARRANT THAT THE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, SECURE, OR FREE OF ERRORS OR HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR THAT WE WILL FIX ANY ERRORS OR HARMFUL COMPONENTS. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN SECTION 16 BELOW, YOU USE THE SERVICE AT YOUR OWN RISK AND ASSUME ALL RISK FOR ANY DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM YOUR USE OF OR ACCESS TO THE SERVICE, YOUR INTERACTIONS WITH OTHER SERVICE USERS, AND ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE. YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE AND USE, ACCESS, DOWNLOAD, OR OTHERWISE OBTAIN MATERIALS OR CONTENT THROUGH THE SERVICE AND ANY ASSOCIATED SITES OR SERVICES AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR PROPERTY (INCLUDING YOUR MOBILE DEVICE USED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICE) OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICE OR THE DOWNLOAD OR USE OF THE CONTENT. THE LAW IN SOME PLACES PROHIBITS A DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND YOU MAY HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT MAY VARY DEPENDING ON WHERE YOU RESIDE. WE DO NOT EXCLUDE OR LIMIT IN ANY WAY OUR LIABILITY TO YOU WHERE IT WOULD BE UNLAWFUL TO DO SO. IN THE UNITED KINGDOM AND THE EUROPEAN UNION, THIS INCLUDES LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY OUR NEGLIGENCE OR THE NEGLIGENCE OF OUR EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OR SUBCONTRACTORS; FOR FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION; OR FOR OUR OBLIGATION TO PERFORM THE SERVICE WITH REASONABLE CARE AND SKILL OR FAILURE TO PERFORM THE SERVICE IN ACCORDANCE WITH INFORMATION PROVIDED ABOUT US OR THE SERVICE. 16.Limitation of Liability TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE (OR INABILITY TO USE) THE SERVICE OR ANY CONTENT ON THE SERVICE, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STATUTE, OR OTHER LEGAL THEORY, WHETHER OR NOT WE HAVE BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF THE DAMAGES. EXCEPT AS EXPLICITLY PROVIDED IN SECTION 18, OUR MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE (OR INABILITY TO USE) THE SERVICE OR ANY CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STATUTE, OR OTHER LEGAL THEORY IS LIMITED TO US$100. THE LAW IN SOME PLACES DOES NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. EACH PROVISION OF THESE TERMS THAT PROVIDES FOR A LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, OR EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES IS TO ALLOCATE THE RISKS UNDER THESE TERMS BETWEEN THE YOU AND US. THIS ALLOCATION IS AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT OF THE BASIS OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN THE PARTIES. EACH OF THESE PROVISIONS IS SEVERABLE AND INDEPENDENT OF ALL OTHER PROVISIONS OF THESE TERMS. THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION 16 WILL APPLY EVEN IF ANY LIMITED REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. 17. General These Terms, along with the Privacy Policy and the other policies that are incorporated into these Terms, are the entire agreement between you and us regarding your use of the Service. Except for our right to update these Terms under Section 12 above, these Terms can only be amended by a written agreement signed by both you and us. You are not allowed to assign or transfer these Terms, or transfer your account on the Service, to any other person or company without our consent, including any transfer that you want to make in connection with a corporate acquisition. We may assign these Terms with or without notice to you. Any delay or failure to enforce any rights under, or require your compliance with, these Terms will not affect our right to enforce the rights or require your compliance at a later time. If we waive any breach by you of these Terms, we will not be waiving any subsequent breach or your obligation to comply with any terms that you breached. We’ve included paragraph and section headings for ease of reference, but these headings do not affect the interpretation of these Terms. In the event that any part of these Terms is determined by a judge or arbitrator to be unenforceable, the unenforceable part will be given effect as much as possible and the remaining parts will remain in full force and effect. When these Terms are terminated, any provision that by its nature should survive (or that specifically states that it will survive) will survive the termination, including the following: Sections 2, 5, 6, and 8 through 21. 18. Governing Law, Dispute Resolution and Arbitration Residents of Canada . If you are a resident of Canada, this Section 18.a applies to you: General . These Terms and any action related thereto will be governed by the laws of the Province of Quebec, Canada, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions. Subject to the rest of this Section 18.a, the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any action in relation to this Agreement will be the District of Montreal and each of us waives any objection to jurisdiction and venue in these courts; except that, in the event of the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation, or violation of our intellectual property rights, we may pursue legal proceedings in any jurisdiction of our choosing. Arbitration . Each of us agrees that any dispute, claim, or controversy arising out of or relating to these Terms or the use of the Service will be settled exclusively by binding arbitration, except that each of us retains the right to bring an individual action in small claims court and the right to seek injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction to prevent the actual or threatened infringement, misappropriation or violation of intellectual property rights. You acknowledge and agree that you are waiving the right to participate as a plaintiff in any purported class action or representative proceeding. Unless both you and we otherwise agree in writing, the arbitrators may not consolidate more than one person's claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of any class or representative proceeding. If this Section 18.a.ii is held unenforceable, then the entirety of Section 18.a will be deemed void. Arbitration Rules . The arbitration will be subject to article 940 and following of the Code of civil Procedure (Quebec). Arbitration Location . Unless you and we otherwise agree, the arbitration will be conducted in Montreal, Quebec.Decision . The arbitrators will render an award within the time frame specified in the Code of Civil Procedure (Quebec). The decision will include the essential findings and conclusions upon which the arbitrators based the award. Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction to do so. Any damages granted by the arbitrators must be consistent with the terms of Section 16 as to the types and the amounts of damages for which a party may be held liable. Fees . The arbitrators will determine who is responsible to pay the fees associated with the arbitration. Residents of the US and Other Countries . If you are a resident of the United States, or any other country outside of Canada, the United Kingdom, or the European Union, this Section 18.b applies to you: Generally . In the interest in resolving disputes between you and us in the most efficient and cost effective way, you and we agree to resolve any and all disputes arising in connection with these Terms or your use of the Service by binding arbitration. Arbitration is less formal than a lawsuit in court. It uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, may allow for limited discovery (i.e., pre-trial fact finding) than in court, and usually is not appealable in court. Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award. Our agreement to arbitrate claims arising out of or relating to any aspect of these Terms, includes all claims, whether based in contract, tort, statute, fraud, misrepresentation, or any other legal theory, and regardless of whether the claims arise during or after the termination of these Terms. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, BY ENTERING INTO THESE TERMS, YOU AND UNSPLASH ARE EACH WAIVING THE RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY OR TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT. Exceptions . Notwithstanding Section 18.b.i, we both agree that nothing in these Terms waives or limits either of our right to (i) bring an individual action in small claims court, (ii) pursue enforcement actions through federal, state, or local agencies, (iii) seek injunctive relief or other provisional relief in aid arbitration from a court of law, or (iv) to file a lawsuit in a court of law to address intellectual property claims. Arbitrator . Any arbitration between us will be held under the Commercial Dispute Resolution Procedures and the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (collectively, “ AAA Rules ”) of the American Arbitration Association (“ AAA ”), as modified by these Terms, and will be administered by the AAA. If you would like a copy of the AAA Rules, they are available online at www.adr.org, by calling the AAA at 1-800-778-7879. Notice and Process . If one of us intends to seek an arbitration, then they must first send a written notice of the dispute to the other party, by certified mail or Federal Express (signature required), or, if we don’t have a physical address on file for you, by email (“ Notice ”). Our address for Notice is: Unsplash, Inc., 500—400 rue McGill, Montréal, Que, H2Y 2G1, Canada. Any Notice must (a) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute, and (b) describe the specific relief requested (“ Demand ”). You and we agree to use good faith efforts to resolve any claim directly, but if we don’t reach a resolution within 30 days after the Notice is received, you or we may start arbitration proceedings. During the arbitration proceeding, the amount of any settlement offers by you or us will not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator makes a final decision and award (if any). If our dispute is resolved through arbitration in your favor, we will pay you the greater of: (i) the amount awarded by the arbitrator (if any), (ii) the last written settlement offered by us to settle the dispute prior to the arbitrator’s award, and (iii) $10,000. Fees . If you commence arbitration under these Terms, we will reimburse you for your payment of the filing fee if your claim is for $10,000 or less. Otherwise, the payment of filing fees will be decided by the AAA Rules. If your claim is for $10,000 or less, you can choose whether the arbitration is conducted (i) solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, (ii) via telephone, with no in-person hearings, or (iii) by an in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules in the county (or parish) of your billing address. If your claim is for more than $10,000, the arbitration hearings will take place at a location that we agree upon in Los Angeles County, California. If the arbitrator rules that the substance of your claim or the relief you seek in the Demand is frivolous or brought for an improper purpose (as measured by the standards in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)), then the payment of all fees will be governed by the AAA Rules and you agree to reimburse us for any amounts we previously paid but for which you are obligated to pay under the AAA Rules.The arbitrator will issue a reasoned written decision sufficient to explain the essential findings and conclusions on which the decision and award (if any) are based. The arbitrator may make rulings and resolve disputes regarding the payment of fees or expenses at any time during the proceeding and upon request from either party made within 14 days of the arbitrator’s ruling on the merits. No Class Actions . YOU AND WE EACH AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR OUR INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. Unless you and we agree otherwise, the arbitrator cannot consolidate more than one person’s claims and may not preside over any form of representative or class proceeding. Modifications . If we make any future changes to this arbitration agreement (other than a change to our address for Notice), you can reject the changes by sending us written notice (to our address for Notice) within 30 days of the change. If you do so, your account on the Service will immediately terminate and this arbitration agreement, as in effect immediately prior to the amendments you rejected, will survive termination. Enforceability . If Section 18.b.vi is found to be unenforceable, or if the entirety of the arbitration agreement in this Section 18.b is found to be unenforceable, then this Section 18.b will be null and void and, if this happens, you and we agree to submit any disputes arising in connection with these Terms or your use of the Service in the exclusive jurisdiction described in Section 18.c. Residents of the United Kingdom and the European Union . If you are a resident of the United Kingdom or the European Union, this Section 18.c applies to you. This Agreement is governed by the laws of England and Wales. The courts of England and Wales will have non-exclusive jurisdiction for resolution of any lawsuit or court proceeding permitted under this Agreement, which means that as a consumer you may only bring any lawsuit or court proceedings against us in a court in your country of residence of the courts of England and Wales. If Unsplash wishes to enforce any of its rights against you, we may do so only in the courts of your country of residence. In addition, please note that disputes may be submitted for online resolution to the European Commission Online Dispute Resolution platform. Governing Law . If you are a resident of the United States or any other country outside of Canada, the United Kingdom, or the European Union, our agreement under these Terms is governed by the laws of New York, without regard to its conflict of laws principles. If a lawsuit is permitted under these Terms, you and we agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in New York County, New York. 19. Consent to Electronic Communications You consent to receive electronic communications from us as described in our Privacy Policy. Please read our Privacy Policy to learn about your choices regarding our electronic communications practices. We may send you any notices, agreements, disclosures, or other communications to you electronically. 20. Contact Information The Service is offered by Unsplash, Inc., located at 500–400 rue McGill, Montréal, QC, H2Y 2G1, Canada. You can reach us by sending letters to our address or by emailing us at support@unsplash.com . 21. Notice California Residents If you are a California resident, under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, you may contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at 1625 N. Market Blvd., Suite S-202, Sacramento, California 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210 in order to resolve a complaint regarding the Service or to receive further information regarding use of the Service. Beautiful, free images gifted by the world’s most generous community of photographers. Better than any royalty free or stock photos. Unsplash TwitterUnsplash FacebookUnsplash Instagram