Privacy policy Menu Listen The controller of the personal data collected through the forms available on this website is the Fundació per a la Universitat Oberta de Catalunya (hereinafter, the "FUOC"), with Corporate Tax Number G-60667813 and registered office located in Barcelona, Avinguda Tibidabo, 39-43. If you have any questions about the processing of your personal data, you can contact the Data Protection Officer in one of the following ways: Email : dpd@uoc.edu Postal address : Avinguda Tibidabo, 39-43, Barcelona, for the attention of the FUOC Data Protection Officer. Your personal data may be processed for the following purposes in line with the specific purposes for which you have provided it to us through the completion of the corresponding form: Providing the personalized advice of a tutor who will guide you in the choice of courses for the academic year you are interested in and help you with information about the enrolment fee, credit recognition, grants and the necessary documentation for your subsequent official enrolment. Carrying out the necessary procedures to officialize the enrolment, which involves carrying out the associated administrative procedures such as: Admissions, in which the documentation provided by the student is reviewed for validation by the UOC. Student services, through which the UOC establishes and makes communication channels available to students. Certification, which provides students with the possibility of requesting certifications related to their academic record. Granting access to the Virtual Campus. Performing administrative procedures for registering (and de-registering) students in the cloud tools necessary to study at the FUOC, such as G Suite For Education UOC and Adobe Creative Cloud. Ensuring access to the Virtual Campus under the conditions of use and services associated with the data subject according to their role, whether they are active students, affiliated teaching staff, alumni or whichever role is assigned at the time. Participation in the Campus involves the automatic assignment of an individual username associated with an office application and cloud tools account that includes the FUOC email address. You can check the particular conditions of use of the G Suite package here . Managing the sending of information regarding UOC courses in the academic field you have chosen. Carrying out an evaluation and follow-up of the services offered by the UOC using statistics and satisfaction surveys. Creating basic profiles. Sending you information regarding the UOC's products, services and promotional activities, provided you have expressly authorized us to do so. We will not process your personal data for any purpose other than those described here except under legal obligation or court order. The personal data collected through the forms accessible on this website will be processed by the FUOC for each of the purposes indicated, for the duration necessary to manage and provide the services requested in each case and, for those cases in which you have given us your prior and express consent, until you ask us to stop doing so. Specifically, the data provided to officialize enrolment is kept for the duration of the enrolment validity period. Subsequently, it will be blocked until the applicable data storage period has elapsed. Regarding the data that allows access to the Campus and the use of the associated tools, this will be kept as long as the data subject does not request the cancellation of this right granted by the FUOC to its community or until the applicable data storage period has elapsed. When the indicated period has elapsed, the FUOC will block and keep the personal data for the period necessary until any possible liabilities deriving from it have expired. Once these liabilities have expired, the personal data will be permanently deleted. The legal bases for the personal data processing required for the indicated purposes are as follows: Regarding admission and enrolment procedures, advice and registration in the necessary tools to study at the FUOC, the legal basis for processing is the performance of a contract. Regarding the sending of information related to the academic field you have selected or in which you have enrolled, as well as carrying out statistics and satisfaction surveys, the legal basis is the legitimate interest of the FUOC. For the creation of basic profiles with the sole aim of sending you personalized information in relation to the academic field that you have chosen or in which you have enrolled, the legal basis is the legitimate interest of the FUOC, provided that you do not exercise your right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing and profiling through the channels provided by the UOC for such purposes.Likewise, if you expressly authorize us to do so by checking the corresponding box provided for such purposes in the corresponding form, the legal basis for sending you information about the UOC's products, services and promotional activities is your consent, which you can withdraw at any time through the channels provided by the UOC for such purposes. The personal information and data you provide is stored on servers belonging to the FUOC or to the suppliers and data processors whose servers are within the territory of the European Union or are protected by the Privacy Shield. Likewise, the FUOC, in accordance with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2016/679, of 27 April, on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data (hereinafter "GDPR"), and Law 34/2002, of 11 July, on information society services and electronic commerce (LSSICE), informs you that it has implemented the appropriate technical and organizational measures, to guarantee and protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the processed data. The data that you send us with through the forms provided on the FUOC website will be sent to third parties if necessary, to comply with any legal obligations that may apply in each case. Likewise, the UOC has several providers that assist it in carrying out different tasks related to the processing of your personal data. For these purposes, the data provided may be sent to data processors, including but not limited to, email service providers, cloud applications such as G Suite, courier services, agencies, etc. In these cases, the FUOC will ensure that the company that in each case provides the service has adequate privacy and security policies in force, through binding contractual clauses for all the parties involved. International transfers may also be carried out in accordance with the authorization and prior notification regime established by current regulations. To exercise the rights detailed below, simply send a notification to the Fundació per a la Universitat Oberta de Catalunya, through any of the following channels, with the subject "Data Protection": By email to fuoc_pd@uoc.edu By post to the address Avinguda Tibidabo 39-43, Barcelona The request must include a copy of your Spanish DNI or equivalent identification document, and the minimum content set forth in applicable legislation. If your request does not meet the specified requirements, you may be required to rectify it. There is no charge for exercising the following rights, although a fee may be charged when the requests are unfounded, excessive or repetitive. Likewise, if you do not wish to continue receiving FUOC newsletters or promotional communications in the form of emails, you can unsubscribe by clicking on the link which you will find at the bottom of all our messages. Right of access : allows the data subject to know and obtain information about their personal data that is being processed. Right to rectification : allows the data subject to have any inaccurate or incomplete data corrected or modified. Right to object : right of the data subject to not allow their personal data to be processed or to stop the current processing of their data. Right to erasure : right of the data subject to request the deletion of their personal data. Restriction of processing : involves the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting its processing in the future. Data portability: the right of the data subject to receive their processed personal data, so that they can transmit it to another controller without hindrance. The right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing (including profiling) for which they have not provided their express consent. The right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing which produces legal effects or significantly affects the data subject. Right to withdraw consent at any time. The data subject also has the right to lodge a complaint with the Supervisory Authority if they believe their rights regarding the protection of their data have been infringed. In response to the trust placed in us and aware of the need for protection and confidentiality in respect of users' personal data, the UOC hereby informs you that it has taken all the necessary technical and organizational measures to safeguard security, as required in the current legislation that regulates the security measures applied to files containing personal data. Check the cookie policy . The UOC reserves the right to modify this privacy policy to adapt it to new legislation or case law.Course offering Explore the UOC LearningTrans­forming Universitat Oberta de Catalunya (UOC) UOCUOC CorporateUOC AlumniJoin our team We use our own and third-party cookies to ensure that all the features of the website work properly, to carry out analyses and to show you targeted advertising based on a profile produced from your browsing habits. You can accept all cookies by clicking on Accept , or obtain more information and either customize or reject the cookies by clicking here .