Privacy Shield Policy Statement Edgio (“Edgio,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) participates in and has certified compliance with the EU–U.S. Privacy Shield framework and the Swiss–U.S. Privacy Shield framework regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data transferred from European Union member countries, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland (the “Principles”). To learn more about the Privacy Shield, and to view Edgio’s notices of self-certification, please visit the Privacy Shield website . We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission. Scope Edgio’s services are used by businesses seeking to deliver faster websites, more responsive applications, the highest quality video, and consistent game and software downloads to their customers’ devices. Our primary services enable our customers to deliver digital content to individuals who desire to access such content. For example, if an individual accesses a news video from one of our media customers’ websites, that video content is delivered across our content-neutral transitory network to that individual. Put differently, we are a conduit by which our business customers deliver their digital content to their end users for consumption. This Privacy Statement describes the standards pursuant to which we treat information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person who is a citizen of the EU, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland (“personal data”) that is transferred between the EU, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland to the U.S. through the use of our services, or access to our website. For transfers between EU, the United Kingdom, or Switzerland and non-U.S. countries, we may rely on EU standard contractual clauses or other acceptable compliance mechanisms. For more detailed information of our privacy practices, please see our Privacy Policy . Purpose We process our customers’ digital content in accordance with instructions and permissions given to us by our business customers. Our business customer fully controls and is responsible for the content that it permits to be delivered using our network. We have no control over our customer’s content that is delivered over our network, and we have no direct relationships with the individuals whose personal information our customers may ask that we process on their behalf. In providing our services and solutions, we collect information pertaining to the delivery of these services to our customers, which could include personal data, or in combination with other data, be used to identify individuals. This information is primarily used by us to provide, maintain, enhance, and protect all of our services and features, to allow us to charge and invoice our customers, and to enforce our terms of service. If the information we collect can be used to identify an individual by itself, or in combination with other information, we treat such information as personal data. However, where we merely transmit, route, switch, or cache digital content on behalf of our business customers, we will rely on our business customers to comply with the legal requirements underlying the Principles with respect to the processing of such digital content. We use information submitted to us as part of applications for employment or for partner candidates to evaluate your qualifications for the positions sought. We may rely on Privacy Shield to enable employment relationship activities, such as processing human resources, benefits, and payroll data of our existing, potential, or former employees from the EU. Disclosure to Third Parties We may share personal information with third party service providers for general business purposes. For example, we may utilize third party payroll and benefits providers, or third parties to assist with contract management or marketing activities. We require that these parties process such information in compliance with this Statement. We maintain contracts with these parties that authorize only a limited use of and limited access to such information, and we require these parties to use commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of such information. We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good–faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with any applicable state and / or federal laws and regulations (such as U.S. copyright law), or respond to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena warrant, or legal process in the manner required by the requesting entity.If we transfer personal information received under the Privacy Shield to a third party, the third party's access, use, and disclosure of the personal data must also be in compliance with our Privacy Shield obligations, and we will remain liable under the Privacy Shield for any failure to do so by the third party unless we prove we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. Choices EU, U.K. and Swiss data subjects have rights to access personal information about them and to limit the use and disclosure of such data. We are committed to respecting these rights. We maintain access controls in place that limit most employees’ ability to access personal data. If data subjects want to update, correct, or delete their information and preferences, or request the removal of their information from publicly available areas, they may do so by sending us a request. In some cases, we may not be able to remove the personal information, in which case we will let the data subject know that we are unable to do so and why. Contact Information Please contact us with any questions or comments about this Privacy Shield Statement, your personal information, and our third–party disclosure practices. Attention: Privacy Shield Edgio 11811 N. Tatum Blvd, Ste #3031 Phoenix, AZ, 85028 +1 (602) 850–5000 We endeavor to respond to inquiries within 30 days. However, we also commit to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the U.S. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your Privacy Shield complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your Privacy Shield complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield for more information or to file a complaint. Complaining parties may also, in absence of a resolution by Edgio and JAMS, seek to engage in binding arbitration through the Privacy Shield Panel. If you are a current, former, or prospective employee whose inquiry concerns human resource-related data, and your Privacy Shield complaint remains unresolved, please contact the EU data protection authorities (“DPA”) by visiting here . The services of JAMS or the DPA are provided at no cost to you. Effective Date, Date Last Modified Effective date April 9, 2018; Statement last modified on June 22, 2020. Name updated May 6, 2022 By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy (“ Policy ”) describes what information Edgio and its subsidiaries collects, why we collect it, how we use it, the circumstances under which we disclose it, and how we store and protect it. This Policy also discusses how to contact us with any questions or comments concerning your personal data and the choices that we offer, including how to access and update your personal data. It also describes how we may change this Policy from time to time and provides other important details about privacy- and security-related information. 1. The Information We Collect Edgio’s services are used by businesses seeking to deliver faster websites, more responsive applications, the highest quality video, and consistent game and software downloads to their customers’ devices. We collect information primarily to provide our services. Some of the information that we collect includes the following: Contact and registration information : this typically includes information that allows us to communicate with you, such as your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address. If you are using our services, you may provide us additional information necessary for access to our customer portal, such as a user name and password to the portal. Billing information : if we provide services to you, in addition to contact information, we also collect information related to your payments for those services, such as your payment and service history. Network and traffic utilization information : we collect traffic logs to manage our global network and measure its performance, to investigate, respond to, and resolve service tickets, to analyze data in the aggregate to determine the trends, usage, and usage location of our services, as well as to administer our services generally. Traffic logs include IP addresses, which can identify a specific computer or network device on the Internet, and could, in combination with other data held by third parties, be used to identify individuals. However, Edgio does not identify individuals based on IP address, as identification is not necessary for the provision of our services. 2. How the Information About You Is Collected We collect information about you in the following ways: Information that you directly provide : You may provide personal information (such as your name, business email address, postal mailing address, business / mobile telephone number) to us in order to use the features and functionality of our services or our website, to request service information, to provide a satisfied customer testimonial or endorsement, to respond to a survey, to participate in case studies, to enter into contests or sweepstakes, or to use Edgio services generally. You may also provide to us demographic information, information related to your business website such as the name, description and primary language of the site, company name, telephone number, email address, mailing address, and contacts within your company. Our website offers a number of features where you may register for or participate in product and industry conversations and blogs, complete forms for creating a service account, request customer service support, or request a trial. For each of these, you may provide information to us. We collect information about our prospective customers who attend trade shows with us, as well as from individuals who request our digital marketing materials (e.g., white paper downloads) from third parties authorized to distribute such materials on our behalf. We provide an area for people looking for a job at Edgio. In applying for a job or asking for information about a job, we, or third parties on our behalf, may require personally identifiable information from you such as your name, address, or email address. Information that we collect from you indirectly or passively when you interact with us: Log Files : When you visit a website, web servers automatically log your interaction with the site in something called a log file. Standard log files like ours contain basic information, such as the URL of the web page you are visiting, your browser type, your ISP, what date and time you requested digital content, and your IP address. The IP address, via geographic lookup, indicates the location of your computer on the Internet. When you consume digital content from our business customers using our network, your interaction with their content is captured in log files in our servers utilized to deliver that content to you. However, Edgio does not, nor can it on its own, link such IP addresses to an individual. “Cookies and Other Technologies” Information : When you access our website or use our services, we may send one or more cookies – small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters – to your computer. Our cookies may be linked to personally identifiable information.We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to help optimize your experience or to protect video content. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Site(s). You can use your web browser “Help” feature located in the menu in the upper right corner of your browser to modify your cookie settings. You can also decline to accept cookies when you visit our website. Our web pages contain electronic image requests (called a “single–pixel gif” or “web beacon” request) that allow us to count page views and to access cookies. Any electronic image viewed as part of a web page, including an ad banner, can act as a web beacon. Web beacons are typically 1–by–1 pixel files, but their presence can usually be seen within a browser by clicking on “View” and then on “Source.” We also include web beacons in HTML–formatted newsletters that we send to opt–in subscribers in order to count how many newsletters have been read. Our web beacons do not collect, gather, monitor, or share any personally identifiable information about our website visitors. They are just the technique we use to compile anonymous information about website usage. Some of our business partners (e.g. analytics providers) use cookies and web beacons on our websites and for our services (collectively referred to as “tracking technologies”). We have no access to or control over these tracking technologies. This Policy covers the use of cookies by us only and does not cover the use of cookies by any third parties. “Flash Cookies” Defined : Flash cookies are similar to the cookies described above, and are created when you use your flash-based video player. Flash cookies are stored in your video player’s cache memory. Flash cookies may or may not be removed the same way that cookies are removed. Please review your video player’s “Help,” “Tools” and or “Options” files to learn more about the proper way to modify your Flash cookie settings. Our Flash cookies may be linked to personal information. Some of our business partners (e.g. advertisers) use Flash cookies and other tracking technologies on our site. We have no access to or control over these Flash cookies and other tracking technologies. This Policy covers the use of Flash cookies by us only, and does not cover the use of Flash cookies by any third parties. More information about Flash cookies is available on the Adobe website . Other "Automatically Collected" Information: When you open one of our HTML emails or utilize our Command Line Interface tools, we may automatically record certain information from your system by using different types of tracking technology. This "automatically collected" information may include your IP address, a unique user ID, operating system, version of software installed, system type, screen resolutions, color capabilities, plug-ins, language settings, cookie preferences, search engine keywords, JavaScript enablement, the content and pages that you access on our website or through our services, and the dates and times that you visit, paths taken, time spent on sites and pages, and the commands that you actually run on the Command Line Interface, and the type of website or project that you are using the Command Line Interface tool for 3. How We Use the Information We Collect We use the information that we collect to generally provide, maintain, enhance, and protect all of our services and features, to allow us to charge and invoice our customers, and to enforce our terms of service. We also use the information that we collect in the following ways: We use information collected from our log files to help manage our global network and measure its performance, to investigate, respond to, and resolve service tickets, to analyze aggregated data to understand the usage trends of our services and our customers’ preferences, to prevent abusive activities, as well as to administer and improve our services generally. Edgio does not, nor can it on its own, link such IP addresses to an individual.We use your business email address for administrative communications such as notifying you of major service or website updates, in response to customer service tickets, to address copyright infringement, defamation, or authorized use-related issues, to communicate with you when you wish to learn more about us, our products, or our services, or to contact you regarding any content that you have posted to or downloaded from our website. We may retain a record of your communication to help solve any similar customer service tickets in the future.We use customer information in compliance with our contractual obligations and only as necessary to provide our services.We may use customer-provided information to display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our website or other media, as well as to create new features and functionality for our services.We may use “Automatically Collected” information and “Cookies and Other Technologies” information (described in Section 2 above) to (a) automatically update our application on your system, (b) remember your information so that you will not have to re–enter it during your visit or the next time you access our website or to use our services,(c) monitor aggregate site usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages accessed, and (d) track your entries, submissions, and status in any promotions or other activities. Our advertising partners help us to display and manage advertising and marketing materials (e.g., white papers and case studies) on other websites, and our analytics partners help us in understanding how you interact with our website and our services. To do this, they may collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on ours and other websites. If you do not wish to have this information used for displaying ads that may be relevant to your interests, you may opt-out . We may supplement information provided or collected with information from other sources, including marketing databases. For example, we may combine information collected by us with information obtained from conferences that we attend with you. This enables us to, among other things, enhance our records and create more tailored advertising.We use information submitted to us as part of applications for employment or for partner candidates to evaluate your qualifications for the positions sought. Once employed, we use this information to enable employment relationship activities with our existing, potential, or former employees, such as processing payroll and various employment benefit programs. If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. Your friend may contact us to request that we remove this information from our database.We use information to track user–generated content and users to the extent necessary to comply as a service provider with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act and other regulations. We collect information in many countries around the world. We may process your personal information on servers located outside of the country that you reside. We will retain the information you provide us and the data we process on behalf of our customers for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide our services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, please contact us . We will retain and use the information we receive from you and or your end users as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. 4. When We Share or Disclose Information We do not, and will not, disclose, release, publish, disseminate, rent, or sell any information with third parties, except as described in this section. We do not disclose, release, publish, disseminate, rent, or sell your personal information with other organizations for their marketing or promotional uses. You should be aware that any personal information that you voluntarily choose to display on any publicly available forums, such as our online community, Edgio Connect, becomes publicly available and may be read, collected, and used by others without restriction. We are not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these forums. We also have testimonials on our website. Any user that has provided a testimonial on our website allows us to post their testimonial and personally identifiable information on the site. We may disclose some limited user information to affiliated companies or other businesses or persons to provide website hosting, maintenance, and security services, job board services, fulfill orders, conduct data analysis and create reports, offer certain functionality, and assist us in improving our website or our services and in creating new services features. We may share aggregated log files with our business customer with whom you have a relationship. We require that these parties process such information in compliance with this Policy. We authorize only a limited use of such information, and we require these parties to use reasonable confidentiality measures. We may share aggregate statistical information gathered from you and other users with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, or other third parties.For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of visitors visited a certain area on a website or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out registration forms. We share such information only on an aggregate and anonymous basis. Edgio does not have reason to believe that U.S. or other governmental agencies wish to access its infrastructure, nor does Edgio does voluntarily permit U.S. or other governmental agencies to access its infrastructure. If Edgio were to receive such a request, Edgio may disclose Personal Data to the extent required to meet a legal obligation, including national security or law enforcement obligations and applicable law, rule, order, or regulation. However, Edgio will object to any such request where there is a legitimate basis to do so. Additionally, Edgio will promptly notify Customer (and where possible, the Data Subject) of any legally binding request for disclosure of Personal Data by a law enforcement authority, unless prohibited from doing so by law. We may also disclose your information to enforce applicable Terms of Service, which may include an investigation of potential violations, or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues. In the event that we are acquired by or merged with a third–party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information that we have collected from users as part of that merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information. We also reserve the right to disclose user information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to take precautions against liability; protect us from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses, to investigate and defend ourselves against third–party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, to protect the security or integrity of the website and our services, or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of us, our customers, their end users, or others. 5. Your Choices and Access You can make choices about our collection and use of your personal data. For example, you may decline to share your personal information with us, in which case we will not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality found on our website. You may update, correct, or delete your information and preferences, request the removal of your information from publicly available areas, or, in some cases, request an itemization of the specific information collected, by sending us a request . In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know that we are unable to do so and why. We will respond to your requests to access, modify, or delete your personal data within 30 days. You do not need to set up a user id and password to use our website because we do not require you to establish your identity when you visit our website. However, if you have subscribed for some of our services, or are a customer seeking access to your account information, you will have to provide passwords. We recommend you do not divulge your password to anyone. We will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited telephone call or e–mail. YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING THE SECRECY OF YOUR UNIQUE PASSWORD AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION AT ALL TIMES. If you are an account holder, you can update personally identifiable information after logging into your account, under “My Settings,” “Edit My Profile.” You can update your name, email, address and phone number in this section. If you opt in to receive promotional communications or newsletters from us, you will be able to opt out of receiving these by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in the promotional email or newsletter received from us. 6. Note Concerning Customer Content Our primary services enable our customers to deliver digital content to individuals who desire to access such content. For example, if you access a news video from one of our media customers’ websites, that video content is delivered across our content-neutral transitory network to you.The scope of our services is subject to the contractual agreements that we enter into with our business customers. Our business customer fully controls and is responsible for the content that it permits to be delivered using our network. We have no control over our customer’s content that is delivered over our network, and we have no direct relationships with the individuals whose personal information our customers may ask that we process on their behalf.We are a conduit by which our customer delivers content to you for consumption, and as such, we only process our customers’ content in accordance with instructions and permissions given to us by our business customers. Our customers’ use of the Service, the configuration, and the information / data obtained (including whether it is encrypted in transit, how and whether it is stored, how it's legal use is secured, use of cookies, etc.) are all decisions made / controlled by our customers. An individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data controlled by our customer should direct this inquiry to our customer. If the customer then requests us to remove copies of the data from our network, we will respond to their request within 30 business days. 7. Our Commitment to Information Security We are committed to protecting information, including your personal data, from unauthorized use, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. For instance, we: use a variety of industry standard technologies, practices, and procedures, including commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards, to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information;require multi-factor authentication for use of our customer portals;restrict personal data access to our employees, contractors, and other individuals who have a need to know the information, who are subject to non-disclosure obligations, and who may be disciplined, up to and including termination for failure to uphold our high standards of confidentiality; encrypt information using TLS encryption; andregularly audit compliance with this Policy. If you would like additional information about Edgio’s operating procedures and security standards, please contact us , and we will be happy to share additional information under cover of a Non-Disclosure Agreement. Even with these and other commercially reasonable safeguards in place, and your own diligence in ensuring that your information is safe and secure, the risk of a security breach still exists. We cannot guarantee that information, including personal information, will ever be completely secure. It may be subjected to unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.If we learn of a security systems breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. We may post a notice on our website if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive a free written notice of a security breach you should notify us 8. The EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield; Standard Contractual Clauses Edgio previously participated in and self-certified compliance with the U.S.-EU Privacy Shield Framework, including the Supplemental Principles, and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (collectively, the “Principles”), through July 25, 2021. While Edgio chose not to re-certify following the July 16, 2020 judgment of the Court of Justice of the European Union invalidating the Privacy Shield Framework as a valid transfer mechanism, Edgio nonetheless continues to adheres to the general principles espoused by the Framework and the GDPR. Edgio will not, however, rely upon the Framework as a legal mechanism for cross-border transfers of Personal Data, and instead relies on the Model Clauses.Edgio’s Terms of Service incorporate the Standard Contractual Clauses, which governs our collection, use, and retention of personal data of EU and UK citizens which may be transferred to the United States. If you believe you are not subject to Edgio’s Terms of Service, or you are unsure, you can execute the Standard Contractual Clauses here . If you are a UK citizen or a business based in the UK, you can execute the pre-2021 Standard Contractual Clauses here . 9. Our Commitment to Children’s Privacy WE DO NOT KNOWINGLY COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION OF CHILDREN UNDER 13.Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, we do not knowingly collect or maintain any personally identifiable information from persons under 13 years–of–age. We do not monitor customer content, as we do not need to for provision of Services. However, if we learn that personal information of persons less than 13–years–of–age has been collected on or through our website or network, then we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information.If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under 13 who uses our website, then please contact us to have that child’s information deleted.The following are some resources that may help parents and legal guardians in monitoring and limiting their children’s access to certain types of material on the Internet.While we do not endorse these resources, we provide information about them as a public service to our community.“ OnGuard Online,” maintained by the Federal Trade Commission WiredSafety Netsmartz.org The Child Safety Network Control Kids Cyber Sitter Net Nanny 10. International Visitors For users visiting our website or using our services from the European Economic Area or other non–U.S. territories, please note that any data you enter into our website, or data that is collected in connection with the use of our services, will be transferred outside the European Economic Area for use by us and our affiliates for the purposes described herein. In addition, because we operate globally, we may make information we gather available to our worldwide business units. By providing any data on our website or by using our services, you hereby expressly consent to such transfers of your data to the U.S. or other countries. You may execute the Standard Contractual Clauses here 11. Changes and Updates to this Policy This Policy may be revised periodically without further notice to you and this will be reflected by a “last modified” date below. Please revisit this page to stay aware of any changes. We only use your personal information in the manner described in the Policy in effect when we received that personal information, and we will not reduce your rights without your express consent. You may also contact us to request prior versions of this Policy. 12. Effective Date, Date Last Modified Policy last modified on September 27, 2021. 13. Other Information This Policy applies to the services offered by us. Our website includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from our own. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.Our website includes social media features, such as Twitter, LinkedIn, Facebook, and YouTube. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.We do not send unsolicited emails to non-public addresses or to anyone who has asked us not to contact him or her. Any newsletters that we send are only sent to those who have subscribed to them. To stop receiving emails or newsletters from us, either click on an unsubscribe link on the email or newsletter itself or send a request to be unsubscribed 14. Edgio Contact Information Please contact us with any questions or comments about this Policy, your personal information, and our third–party disclosure practices. Attention: General Counsel Edgio 11811 N. Tatum Blvd, Ste #3031 Phoenix, AZ, 85028 +1 (602) 850–5000 Marketing-related inquiries: mktops@edg.io By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.