Region Specific Privacy Notice LAST UPDATED: August 1, 2023 This region specific privacy notice ("Notice") applies to all the products, services, websites and apps offered by SurveyMonkey Inc., SurveyMonkey Europe UC, SurveyMonkey Brasil Internet Eireli, and their affiliates (collectively “SurveyMonkey”), except where otherwise noted. SurveyMonkey refers to these products, services, websites, and apps collectively as the “services” in this policy. Unless otherwise noted, our services are provided by SurveyMonkey Inc. inside of the United States, by SurveyMonkey Brasil Internet Eireli inside of Brazil, and by SurveyMonkey Europe UC everywhere else. This Notice is an extension to and forms part of the main SurveyMonkey Privacy Notice . This Notice describes the rights of individuals who are California residents under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 ("CCPA"), and residents of other states or regions in the United States of America with similar applicable privacy laws who interact with SurveyMonkey as a Service Provider. While we have set out the categories below as required by the CCPA and similar privacy laws, you can review our Privacy Notice for examples and other information that describes our data collection and use, as previously disclosed to you which have not changed under this Notice. This Notice does not apply to personal information we collect from our employees or job applicants in their capacity as employees or job applicants. Employees and job applicants should refer to our Employee Privacy Notice or Candidate Privacy Notice, respectively. Except for residents of California, it also does not apply to personal information we collect from our employees, owners, directors, officers, or contractors of businesses in the course of our provision or receipt of business-related services. This Notice consists of the following sections: Your Privacy RightsCategories of Personal Information We Collect and SourcesCategories of Unaffiliated Parties with Whom We Disclose Personal InformationPurposes of Collection, Use, and DisclosureData RetentionYour Choices for Advertising Cookies 1. Your Privacy Rights Subject to certain restrictions, if you are a resident of California and states with similar privacy laws, you may have the right to request that we: confirm that we are processing your personal information or disclose what personal information we collect about you;delete any personal information that we collected from or maintain about you;correct inaccurate personal information we maintain about you;opt you out of any "sale" or "sharing" of personal information about you;opt you out of the processing of personal information for purposes of targeted advertising or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you; limit the use or disclosure of sensitive personal information if used or disclosed for reasons other than those permitted by the CCPA; and not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights. Applicable laws may also give you the right to designate an agent to exercise these rights on your behalf. This section describes how to exercise those rights and our process for handling those requests, including our means of verifying your identity. If you would like further information regarding your legal rights under applicable law or would like to exercise any of them, please contact us here . While our contact form is the best way to reach us, you may also email us at privacy@surveymonkey.com . Right to request access to your personal information You have the right to request a copy of your personal information . Under the CCPA and similar privacy laws, you can also request that we disclose: the categories of personal information that we have collected about you; the categories of sources from which the personal information was collected; the business or commercial purpose(s) for which personal information was collected or “sold”; the categories of third parties with whom we share personal information; the categories of personal information that may have been “sold”, and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was “sold” (if applicable); and the categories of personal information that we disclose for a business purpose, and the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was disclosed (if applicable). However, as permitted under the CCPA, we may withhold some information where the risk to you or your personal information is too great to disclose the information, such as financial information or account passwords. Right to request deletion of your personal information Subject to certain exceptions under applicable law, you have the right to request that we delete personal information that we have collected from or about you.However, we may retain personal information as authorized under applicable law, such as personal information required or necessary to provide our services, to protect against fraudulent activity, to identify and fix bugs, to exercise our or another person’s free speech or other rights, to comply with law enforcement requests pursuant to lawful process, for scientific or historical research, for our own internal purposes reasonably related to your relationship with us, or to comply with legal obligations. We need certain types of information so that we can provide our services. If you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use our services. Right to correct inaccurate personal information Subject to certain exceptions under applicable law, you have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we maintain about you. How to exercise your rights You may exercise your access and deletion rights by submitting your request here . While our contact form is the best way to reach us, you may also email us at privacy@surveymonkey.com . For security purposes, we may request additional information from you to verify your identity when you request to exercise your rights related to your personal information. If you have an online account with us, logging into your account will serve to verify your identity and request. If we have reason to suspect that the security of your account is compromised, we will request additional information from you to match with our existing records to verify your identity, depending on the nature of the request and the sensitivity of the information sought. Once you submit a request (1) to access the categories of personal information we have about you or (2) to obtain a copy of specific pieces of personal information we have about you, we will ask that you verify your identity by logging into your account using your username and password. There, we will provide you with your information in a password-protected format. To request that we delete personal information we have collected from you, you will need to authenticate with us by first logging into your account using your username and password on file with us and deleting your account. Once you let us know you have taken this action, we will initiate the deletion process. Most personal information can be corrected within your account. If you need instructions on how to do so, please contact us here . If you wish to exercise any of these rights and do not have an account with us (for example if you are an authorized agent submitting a request on behalf of another individual), please contact us here and we will request additional information to verify your identity where possible. If we deny your request in whole or in part, you may have the right to appeal the decision. In such circumstances, we will provide you with information regarding the appeals process. Right to non-discrimination for exercising your rights The CCPA and similar privacy laws may prohibit us from discriminating against you for exercising the rights described in this section. Such discrimination may include charging different prices for our services, providing or suggesting that you will receive a different level or quality of services, or refusing to provide services to you if you exercise your rights. We will not discriminate against you for exercising your rights. 2. Categories of Personal Information We Collect and the Sources We collect the following categories of personal information: Identifiers (such as name, postal address, email address, phone number, or IP address)Legally protected classifications (such as gender and marital status)Commercial information (such as transaction data)Financial data (such as billing information)Internet or other network or device activity (such as browsing history or app usage)Location information (e.g. inferred from your IP address)Audio recordings (such as phone calls recorded for Customer Support or Sales purposes) Professional or employment-related data (such as the name of your employer)Education level (where you voluntarily provide us with such information in our Contribute or Rewards products)Inferences drawn from other information we collectOther information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with you Some of the personal information we collect may also be treated as “sensitive personal information” under the CCPA.We collect the following categories of “sensitive personal information”: Your account log in details (username and password) The contents of a consumer’s email where SurveyMonkey provides email services Information that reveals health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions or affiliations, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership or information related to one's sexual orientation (where you voluntarily provide us with such information in our Contribute or Rewards products) All of the categories of personal information we collect about you come from the following categories of sources: You, including through your use of our services Automatically collected from you Our affiliate companies Other parties, including when you give permission to social networks to disclose your information with us or where you have made your personal information publicly available online If you interact with our site as a Respondent, all of your response data is controlled by the person or business who sent you the survey/form/application/questionnaire (the “Creator”) and we recommend you contact them about their practices under the CCPA and similar privacy laws, as SurveyMonkey processes this response data on the Creator’s behalf and the Creator – not SurveyMonkey – is responsible for responding to your request. 3. Categories of Third Parties with Whom We Share Personal Information We disclose all of the categories of personal information we collect about you (as detailed above) with the following categories of third parties: Our affiliate companiesAggregators (such as analytics services)Third parties (such as vendors that provide services to us and our integration partners)Your organization, through its purchase of an Enterprise account with us, in the case of identifiers (such as name, postal address, email address, phone number, or IP address)Others with your consent 4. Purposes of Collection, Use, and Disclosure We collect, use, and disclose all of the categories of personal information and sensitive personal information (as detailed above) for the following commercial or business purposes: Providing our services (for example, account servicing and maintenance, customer service, advertising and marketing, analytics, and communication about our services)For our operational purposes, and the operational purposes of our vendors and integration partnersImproving our existing services and developing new services (for example, by conducting research to develop new products or features)Helping to ensure security and integrity to the extent the use of the consumer's personal information is reasonably necessary and proportionate for these purposes Debugging to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionalityAuditing related to counting ad impressions to unique visitors, verifying positioning and quality of ad impressions, and auditing compliance with this specification and other standardsShort-term, transient use, such as customizing content that we or our vendors display on the servicesOther uses that advance our commercial or economic interests, such as third party advertising and communicating with you about relevant offers from third party partners Other uses that we notify you about We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for purposes other than for those purposes for which you cannot opt out under the CCPA. 5. Data Retention We retain your personal information for the periods described in our Help Center . 6. Your Choices for Advertising Cookies The CCPA requires businesses that “sell” or "share" personal information, as the terms “sell” and "share" are defined under the CCPA, to provide California residents the right to opt-out from such sales or sharing. Sale and/or sharing are in such a way that may include allowing advertising vendors to receive certain information (such as cookie identifiers, IP addresses, and/or browsing behavior) to add to a profile (about your device, browser, or you). Such profiles may enable delivery of interest-based advertising by such advertising vendors within their platform or on other sites. When you visit our website, we may share the following categories of information for such interest-based advertising, which may be considered a “sale” or "sharing" as defined by the CCPA: (1) device information and identifiers, such as IP address and unique advertising identifiers and cookies; and (2) connection and usage information, such as browsing history or app usage. We engage in such practices to provide you with more tailored marketing content (about our services or other services), and to evaluate whether this content is useful or effective. You may opt-out of such advertising cookies on a go-forward basis within our cookie banner or by contacting us through our Help Center .For more information on clearing previously-placed advertising cookies, please see our Help Center article here . We do not “sell” or “share” sensitive personal information, as those terms are defined by the CCPA. Please note that we also respond to and abide by opt-out preference signals sent through the Global Privacy Control. Any opt-out preferences you have exercised through this method will only to the specific device/browser on which you made them. Please note that Do Not Track is a different privacy mechanism than the “Global Privacy Control” browser choice referenced above, which is a browser-based control that indicates whether you would like to opt out of processing of your personal information for online behavioral advertising purposes. Our services are not directed to consumers under 16 - and such minors are not authorized to use our services - so we do not knowingly “sell” or “share” the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age. 7. Contact Us For details on how to contact us, please see our Privacy Notice . Copyright © 1999-2023 SurveyMonkeyPrivacy Notice Versions: LAST UPDATED: August 1, 2023 Effective as of August 1, 2023, Momentive Inc. will become SurveyMonkey Inc., Momentive Europe UC will become SurveyMonkey Europe UC, and Momentive Brasil Internet Eireli will become SurveyMonkey Brasil Internet Eireli. 1. Introduction This Privacy Notice applies to all the products, services, websites and apps offered by SurveyMonkey Inc., SurveyMonkey Europe UC, SurveyMonkey Brasil Internet Eireli, SurveyMonkey Netherlands B.V., and other SurveyMonkey affiliates (collectively “SurveyMonkey”), except where otherwise noted. The services include SurveyMonkey, SurveyMonkey Apply, SurveyMonkey Audience, SurveyMonkey Rewards, SurveyMonkey Contribute, Wufoo, TechValidate, GetFeedback Direct, and GetFeedback Digital. We refer to those products, services, websites, and apps collectively as the “services” in this notice. Unless otherwise noted in your contract, our services are provided by SurveyMonkey Inc. inside of the United States, by SurveyMonkey Brasil Internet Eireli inside of Brazil, and by SurveyMonkey Europe UC everywhere else. US residents: Please visit our Region Specific Privacy Notice for more information on our privacy practices specific to individual states. This Privacy Notice does not apply to personal information we collect from our employees or job applicants in their capacity as employees or candidates. Employees and candidates should refer to our Employee Privacy Notice or Candidate Privacy Notice , respectively. Definitions Personal Data : references in this Privacy Notice to data, personal information, or information, are all references to Personal Data. Personal Data means information relating to a living individual (a "Data Subject") who is, or can be, reasonably identified from information, either alone or in conjunction with other information. Creator : the business or consumer that holds an account within a SurveyMonkey service that either directly creates surveys, forms, applications, or questionnaires or that can collaborate, commenting, or review surveys, forms, applications, or questionnaires within an account. Respondent : the individual that receives a survey, form, application, or questionnaire powered by a SurveyMonkey service. Panelist : the individual that uses Contribute or Rewards to take surveys sent by SurveyMonkey on behalf of Creators, or an individual that receives surveys through a third party panel provider. Privacy information specific to panelists can be found in our Contribute Privacy Notice , Rewards Privacy Notice , and Third Party Panel Privacy Notice . Visitor : you are just visiting one of our websites because you are curious, or you have heard about us from our marketing and sales channels! Quick Links If you want to identify your data controller please see the “ Who is my data controller? ” section below.For a quick snapshot of how SurveyMonkey treats personal information see our Privacy Basics .For privacy information specific to our individual products, see Privacy information specific to other services . Table of Contents This Notice consists of the following sections: 2. Personal Data we collect and the sources All Data Subjects Contact Information (for example name or email address).You might provide us with your contact information, whether through use of our services, a form on our website, an interaction with our sales or customer support team, or a response to one of SurveyMonkey's own surveys or forms.Usage information.We collect usage information about you whenever you interact with our websites and services. This includes which webpages you visit, what you click on, when you perform those actions, what language preference you have, what you buy and so on. Device and browser data.We collect information from the device and application you use to access our services. Device data mainly means your IP address, operating system version, device type, device ID/MAC address, system and performance information, and browser type. If you are on a mobile device we also collect the UUID for that device.Information from page tags.We use first party and third party cookies and tracking services that employ cookies and page tags (also known as web beacons ) to collect data about visitors to our websites. This data includes usage and user statistics. Emails sent by SurveyMonkey or by users through our services also include page tags that allow the sender to collect information about who opened those emails and clicked on links in them. We provide more information on cookies below and in our Cookies Notice. Log Data.Like most websites today, our web servers keep log files that record data each time a device accesses those servers. The log files contain data about the nature of each access, including originating IP addresses, internet service providers, the files viewed on our site (e.g.HTML pages, graphics, etc.), operating system versions, device type and timestamps.Referral information.If you arrive at a SurveyMonkey website from an external source (such as a link on another website or in an email), we record information about the source that referred you to us. Information from third parties and integration partners.We collect your personal information from third parties where, for example, you give permission to those third parties to share your information with us, where such information is publicly available online or through your device/browser data. Creators If you are a Creator, we may also collect: Account Information Registration information.You need a SurveyMonkey account before you can use SurveyMonkey services. When you register for an account, we collect your first and last name, username, password and email address. If you choose to register by using a third party account (such as your Google or Facebook account), please see “Information from third parties” below.Billing information.If you make a payment to SurveyMonkey, we require you to provide your billing details, a name, address, email address and financial information corresponding to your selected method of payment (e.g. a credit card number and expiration date or a bank account number). If you provide a billing address, we will regard that as the location of the account holder to determine the SurveyMonkey entity with whom you contract and the sales tax, if applicable, to be applied to your purchase. Account settings.You can set various preferences and personal details on pages like your account settings page (or on your account settings page for our other products as applicable). These may include, for example, your default language, time zone and communication preferences (e.g. opting in or out of receiving marketing communications from SurveyMonkey). When you use our services, we may also collect the following data on your behalf for certain services: Address book information.We may allow you to import email addresses and other contact information into an Address Book so you can easily invite people to take your surveys or fill in your form via our collectors. We do not use this data for our own purposes or to contact anyone, except at your direction. Survey/form/application data.We store your survey/form/application data (questions and responses) for you and provide analysis tools for you to use with respect to this data.Profile information.When you sign up for our services you are asked to provide us with information about yourself and to give us more detailed insights into who you are. If you are in a SurveyMonkey Enterprise account this may include providing your photo so your administrator(s) and colleagues can identify you. 3. How we use the Personal Data we collect 3.1 Creator We process personal data about you where: You have consented; We need to ulfill our contractual responsibility to deliver the services to you; or We have a legitimate interest to:improve the service experience; anddevelop new products and service features. In each of the instances where we describe how we use your data in this Privacy Notice, we have identified which of these grounds for processing we are relying upon. Consent You have consented to us using certain types of tracking and third party cookies on our websites. In particular: Cookies and Similar technology. We or third party data and advertising platforms that we work with may use or combine multiple technologies, such as cookies, page tags, mobile identifiers and IP addresses to infer users’ common identities across different services and multiple devices such as tablets, browsers, and mobile phones. We may do so, for instance, to tailor ads to users, to enable us to determine the success of our advertising campaigns and to improve upon them. These third party data and advertising platforms may sometimes use data that we provide to them in order to improve their technologies and their ability to match common devices to users. We also may use this technology to allow a Creator to measure the performance of their email messaging and to learn how to improve email deliverability and open rates. You can withdraw your consent at any time. More details: The above data and techniques are used for personalized marketing, analytics, and related purposes. To learn more about interest-based advertising and how to opt-out of it, please see our Cookies Notice in Section 6. We use this data to personalize online marketing campaigns to be relevant to you and your interests in our services. By clearing your cookies in your browser settings, you will no longer see personalized messages in this way but you continue to see ads over the internet that are not based on the information you provided to SurveyMonkey. Depending on your geographic location you can also withdraw your consent using our in-product cookie management tools.Contract We collect and use the following on the basis that we have to use this information in order to fulfill our contract with you: Your Account Information. We need to use your account information to run your account, provide you with services, bill you for our services, provide you with customer support, and contact you or your organization about your service or account. We may also use billing information in aggregate to determine billing and payment trends and, as needed, to adjust or manage pricing at the individual level or across all service users. We occasionally send you communications of a transactional nature (e.g. service-related announcements, billing-related matters, changes to our services or policies, a welcome email when you first register). You cannot opt out of these communications since they are required to provide our services to you. Legitimate interests We process your personal information in the following categories of data for legitimate interests pursued by us, which are described in detail in this Privacy Notice. We have undertaken to ensure that we place clear limitations on each of these uses so that your privacy is respected and only the information necessary to achieve these legitimate aims is used. Our primary goal is to improve upon and make sure our services and messaging are relevant for all our users, while also ensuring that personal information of all users is respected and protected. Contact Information. We use contact information to respond to your inquiries, send you information as part of the services, and send you marketing information (for as long as you do not opt-out). More details: We use your email address to send you marketing (newsletters), unless you indicate a preference to opt-out and for general updates on your account. You can opt out of marketing communications at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in them and changing the relevant setting on your My Account page.How you use our services. We use information about how you use our services to improve our services for you and all users and to make recommendations to you and your organization about our other services. More details: We collect information about the types of surveys/forms/applications you create (e.g. HR surveys), the types of plans you purchase and your account transactional behavior to build a profile about you so as to help direct you and your organization to other relevant features and services we offer and to optimize user experience, for example by making recommendations to you or your organization. We may also use usage information such as levels and nature of activity in your account and number of responses you are receiving to personalize the features and services we highlight for you and your organization in our Sites, improve user experience and to make recommendations to you and your organization about our services through our sales and marketing efforts. Device and browser data. We use device data both to troubleshoot problems with our service and to make improvements to it. We also infer your geographic location based on your IP address. More details: We collect this to help us improve your service experience through a specific device/browser by optimizing how the website looks in a particular browser, how your screen brightness affects your experience and to ensure the service operates optimally and as it should on different devices and browsers.Log data. We use log data for many different business purposes to include: To monitor abuse and troubleshoot.To create new services, features, content or make recommendations.To track behavior at the aggregate/anonymous level to identify and understand trends in the various interactions with our services.To fix bugs and troubleshoot product functionality.To investigate security issues.More details: Your IP address is used to determine where an unknown/unauthorized access may have occurred in your account (abuse monitoring). Referral information. We use referral information to track the success of our integrations and referral processes. Third parties and integrations. We collect and use information from third parties and integration partners, where applicable to one of our services, to: Ensure you can sign-up to our service from a third party integration like Facebook/LinkedIn/Microsoft/Google/SSO;To personalize our services for you; andEnsure you can use our service in conjunction with other services. See further information here on our API partners – for other SurveyMonkey services see below or on the website for that service.Your Profile We process other aspects of your account information (like the personal information you provide about your job, your job title, and your marketing preferences) as well as information obtained from public sources, for legitimate interests like providing you with a personalized experience and relevant and useful marketing information as well as to make other product, feature and service recommendations to you and your organization to optimize the use of the services we offer. If you are part of a SurveyMonkey Enterprise account, we also provide an opportunity for you to upload a photo so that your administrator(s) and colleagues can identify you. You can object to us using your information as described above but in some cases, our ability to fully and properly provide our services to you may be impacted if you do not want us to collect or use the above data. Furthermore, if you are a SurveyMonkey Enterprise account holder, your organization controls some of the data which you include in your profile and they can also edit or remove that information through the primary administrator(s) of that account. Service and Marketing uses. Profiling. We combine information about you from third party sources with information we hold about you to create a user profile, which will help us to make our sales and marketing efforts more relevant to you and to personalize and improve your service experience. Machine learning. We use machine learning techniques on certain data in order to provide users with useful statistics and more relevant insights from the data they have collected using our services and to optimize our marketing campaigns and for fraud detection. For example, if you have used open text questions in a survey, our machine learning may provide you with useful insights into the trends in responses to that question in our Analyze survey tool. To manage our services we will also internally use your information and data, for the following limited purposes: To enforce our agreements where applicable;To prevent or address potentially unlawful activities; andTo screen for and prevent undesirable or abusive activity. For example, we have automated systems that screen content for phishing activities, spam, and fraud. Finally, if you use our survey tool, depending on the package you are on and the settings you have selected, your Respondents may reach the standard survey end page on completion of a survey. The end page is part of the SurveyMonkey website. We may include our own research surveys and polling on this end page. These surveys are optional for any Respondent to take or skip. De-identified Survey Data We also use survey questions and responses on an aggregated or deidentified basis as described in this Privacy Notice. We will never sell individual response data or identify/contact individual respondents except on your request or where required by law. Feature descriptions will identify where this feature is linked. See our “ Respondent ” section. If you are part of a SurveyMonkey Enterprise plan, your plan’s administrator(s) can transfer your survey questions and responses to, or share them with, other members in your team, including your plan’s administrator(s) themselves. Your plan’s administrator(s) can also delete your survey questions and responses. Your plan’s administrator(s) may also have the ability to make changes to any aspects of your survey questions and analysis. Please refer to your organization’s internal policies if you have questions about this. Legal Obligation To respond to legal requests or prevent fraud, we may need to use and disclose information or data we hold about you. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond. 3.2 Respondent Contract Contact Information We only use contact information to respond to an inquiry which you, as a Respondent, submit to us. Examples Our customer support team uses your email address to communicate with you if you have contacted us about a survey, form, application, or questionnaire you received, but we will not send marketing to you unless you have otherwise opted-in to marketing. Legitimate Interest We process your personal information in the following categories of data for legitimate interests pursued by us, which are described in detail in this Privacy Notice. We have undertaken to ensure that we place clear limitations on each of these uses so that your privacy is respected and only the information necessary to achieve these legitimate aims is used. Our primary goal is to improve upon and make sure our services and messaging are relevant for all our users, while also ensuring that personal information of all users is respected and protected. Cookies (to include page tags). We collect information using cookies when you take a survey.These cookies are used to ensure that the full functionality of our survey service is operational, to ensure the survey operates appropriately and optimally. For more information please read our Cookies section below and our Respondent Cookies Notice . After completion of a survey, in most cases, you will be re-directed to our website and treated as a website visitor where other cookies may be used so you should read our Website Visitor section if this is of interest to you. Examples We use page tags to allow the email sender (for a survey or form for example) to measure the performance of email messaging and to learn how to improve email deliverability and open rates. We also use cookies to ensure a respondent can only take a survey once (where the Creator has set this function) and to track completion rates of surveys. How you use our services. We use information about how you use our services to improve our services for you and all users. Examples We collect information about the types of questions you answer. This data will be aggregated and deidentified so we can examine patterns in terms of respondent preferences when submitting responses (see further below in Information for Survey Respondent section ). We collect and use all this data for our legitimate interests like helping us improve the experience for respondents (so that questions are easier to answer), for training purposes and to understand industry trends in and to help improve the completion rates on surveys/forms. We will also use usage information such as the type of survey, form, questionnaire or application that you answered to personalize products we show you on completion of a survey when you are re-directed to our website and to make recommendations to our customers about usage of our services. Device and browser data. We use device data both to troubleshoot problems with our service and to make improvements to it. We also may infer your geographic location based on your IP address. Other Examples We collect this to ensure that service experience works well across all possible devices and to infer geographic location to produce aggregated data around Respondent location trends. We also want to use this information to provide an additional data layer to Creators so that they can filter responses by e.g. inferred geographic location. Note however, that we do not collect precise GPS co-ordinate location. We just infer location from IP address. Finally we will use this information to compare and look at trends on how our service operates and how you interact with surveys, on different browsers and devices. Log data. We use log data for many different business purposes including the following: To monitor abuse and troubleshoot;To create new services, features, content or make recommendations;To track behavior at the aggregate/anonymous level to identify and understand trends in the various interactions with our services; andTo fix bugs and troubleshoot product functionality.Examples Your IP address is used to ensure that you do not complete the same survey, form, application or questionnaire twice if the creator has included settings to avoid this (ballot stuffing), for abuse monitoring purposes (so we can identify a Respondent who abused the survey taking experience in a manner contrary to our usage policies or to facilitate the Creator in complying with their own legal obligations). We also collect log data to collate aggregated data and metrics on activity at a non-identifying level and so that we can identify trends in survey taking over time. Third parties and integrations. We will collect and use information from third parties and integration partners to facilitate Creators in sending surveys/forms/applications/questionnaires to you. Machine learning. We will use machine learning techniques on response data, metadata (as described above) and cookie data, in order to provide Creators with useful and relevant insights from the data they have collected using our services, to build features, improve our services, for fraud detection and to develop aggregated data products. You can read more about this in relation to surveys below. To manage our services we will also internally use your information and data, for the following limited purposes:To enforce our agreements where applicable;To prevent potentially illegal activities; andTo screen for and prevent undesirable or abusive activity. For example, we have automated systems that screen content for phishing activities, spam, and fraud.Aggregated use cases. In general survey responses are controlled and managed by the Creator (the person who sent or deployed that survey). But in limited instances SurveyMonkey may use data about Respondents in an aggregated, anonymous, or pseudonymous way.A Creator has some controls over how we use responses in their Account settings and may have turned off our ability to apply machine learning to responses where it is linked to a specific product feature in some cases. The data impacted by this section includes: Survey type, question type and responses (at an aggregated and anonymized/pseudonymized level only)Device dataLog data SurveyMonkey will use automated processes and machine learning, to analyze survey responses, which in turn helps us to : Aggregate response data and activity: We will do this so that we can identify trends, build product features that optimize responses, make product recommendations and provide guidance on which products and services work best in different scenarios. For an example of this check out how SurveyMonkey Genius works here . Extract and analyze usage patterns: By understanding Respondent interaction in different types of surveys we can: improve our services and ease of use: for example, we might identify when respondents prefer multiple choice versus open text questions and make predictive response suggestions when certain question types are selected. We might also use this data to help improve analysis of responses,undertake personalization for survey Creators and Respondents (for example by customizing the page on our website which a Respondent sees at the end of a survey - See more about Customizing Survey End Page here ). If a Respondent does not want to be included in this personalization they can clear the cookies in their browser settings after taking a survey , improve user experience (for example, by collecting and using device and browser information from Respondents to improve how our survey service operates on those devices and in those browsers), andidentify insightful data trends (which never identify any individuals). Legal Obligation To respond to legal requests or prevent fraud, we may need to disclose any information or data we hold about you. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond. 3.3 Visitor We process personal data about you where:You have consented or;We have a legitimate interest to:improve the service experience; anddevelop new products and service features. In each of the instances where we describe how we use your data in this Privacy Notice, we have identified which of these grounds for processing we are relying upon. Consent When you have consented, we collect and use the following information about you: Contact Information. We use contact information to respond to your inquiries or send you information about our services, either where you have agreed to this at the point of providing your information or where you operate in a business which may be interested in our services and for as long as you do not opt-out. Examples We provide your email address to a member of our sales team who will contact you if you submitted an inquiry through one of the online forms on our site. You will also receive marketing communications from us if you have consented to this at the point where you provided your information or alternatively where your business may otherwise find the information about related services of interest. We will always provide you with the means to opt-out of this marketing at any time. Cookies and similar technology. We or third party data and advertising platforms that we work with may use or combine multiple technologies, such as cookies, page tags, mobile identifiers and IP addresses to infer users’ common identities across different services and multiple devices such as tablets, browsers, and mobile phones. We may do so, for instance, to tailor ads to users, to enable us to determine the success of our advertising campaigns and to improve upon them. These third party data and advertising platforms may sometimes use data that we provide to them in order to improve their technologies and their ability to match common devices to users. Examples To personalize marketing campaigns run through third party advertisers and help SurveyMonkey measure online advertising success and to deliver ads for our services based on user preferences. See our Cookies section . If you do not want SurveyMonkey to use this information to serve you targeted ads about our services, you may indicate your preferences at https://www.aboutads.info , https://preferences-mgr.truste.com/ or, if you are located in the European Union, at https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ . You may continue to receive ads over the internet that are not based on information you provided to SurveyMonkey. Legitimate Interest We also carry out the following processing for legitimate business interests pursued by us. We have undertaken to ensure that we place clear limitations on each of these uses so that your privacy is respected and only the information necessary to achieve these legitimate aims is used.Our primary goal is to improve upon and make sure our services and messaging are relevant for all our users, while also ensuring that personal information of all users is respected and protected. User Profiles. We combine information about you from third party sources with information we hold about you to create a user profile, which will help us to make our sales and marketing efforts more relevant to you and to personalize and improve our marketing/sales campaigns and website experience. Machine learning. We use machine learning techniques on certain data in order to optimize our marketing campaigns. Device data. We use device data both to troubleshoot problems with our service and to make improvements to it. We also infer your geographic location based on your IP address. Some examples relevant to you: Examples We collect device and browser information from you to troubleshoot website functionality issues and to fix bugs. How you use our services. We use information about how you have interacted with our websites to improve our website services for you and all users. Some examples relevant to you: Examples We collect information about the webpages you have visited and your activity on our sites at an aggregate level. We collect this information so that we can track the most visited and most useful parts of our website to identify what are our most popular services. Log data. We use log data for many different business purposes including the following: To monitor abuse and troubleshoot;To track your preferences and create new services, features, content or make recommendations personalized for you;To track behavior at the aggregate/anonymous level to identify and understand trends in the various interactions with our services; andTo fix bugs and troubleshoot product functionality.Examples Your browser type to determine how we can present our website best within that browser environment. Referral information. We use referral information to track the success of our integrations and referral processes. Examples If you clicked on an advertisement for one of our brands, presented by one of our partners on the web, which brought you to one of our websites, we will record this information to help us track the success of advertising campaigns To manage our services, we will also internally use your information and data, for the following limited purposes:To enforce our agreements where applicable;To prevent potentially illegal activities; andTo screen for and prevent undesirable or abusive activity. For example, we have automated systems that screen content for phishing activities, spam, and fraud.Legal obligation. To respond to legal requests or prevent fraud, we may need to disclose any information or data we hold about you. If we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond. In some cases, as a former website visitor, we may not have any personal information about you (for example if you have not interacted with our site or have cleared your cookies). 4. How we share or disclose Personal Data Information you share Many of our services let you share information with others. Remember that when you share information publicly, it can be indexable by search engines. Our services provide you with different options on sharing and deleting your content but we cannot delete content from search engines so you need to be careful about information you make public. Information we share We do not share your information or data with third parties outside SurveyMonkey except in the following limited circumstances: If you are a Creator that is part of a SurveyMonkey team plan or SurveyMonkey Enterprise plan, your account information and data will be shared with the primary administrator(s) and your survey data may also be visible to other members in your team with whom you share your surveys or with whom you collaborate. Your administrator(s) will be able to view your account data, change your passwords, suspend, transfer or terminate your account or restrict your settings. Please refer to your organization’s internal policies if you have questions about this. If your organization has purchased a SurveyMonkey Enterprise account and you are using an email address on a domain owned by your employer or organization linked to your individual account, you may be asked to migrate to the SurveyMonkey Enterprise Account and your email address, name and account data will subsequently be visible to the primary administrator(s) for that account once you have been migrated. You may be notified in advance of this migration and given an opportunity to change the email address linked to your account if you are not using your account for business purposes.To help us provide certain aspects of our services we use our affiliates and trusted key partners – in particular, we engage third parties to:facilitate our collectors for sending surveys by email or text to Respondents. For email delivery, we use SparkPost and for text/SMS services we use Twilio . We share the relevant contact information for respondents (email address or phone number as applicable) with these third parties. facilitate customers in making payments .to detect fraud (to include, for example, performing identify checks or verify malicious IPs). deliver and help us track our marketing and advertising content.help us track website conversion success metrics.manage our sales and customer support services to you, including for resolving any disputes. We enter into confidentiality and data processing terms with partners to ensure they comply with high levels of confidentiality and best practices in privacy and security standards and we regularly review these standards and practices. You can find more information in our Subprocessor Statement . 5. Data Retention If you are a Creator, we generally do not delete the data in your account as long as your account is active – you are responsible for and control the time periods for which you retain this data. You can read about this here for account use. Here are some exceptions: If you are a SurveyMonkey Basic (free) user on our platforms and you have not engaged with the service actively for some time, we reserve the right to delete your account and data in accordance with our data retention policy. If you have exceeded your response limit as a SurveyMonkey Basic (free) account holder, we will delete the overages if you do not upgrade within a fixed timeframe. We also encourage Creators to actively review their data retention practices in their account and take care to retain data only as long as is strictly necessary. We also describe the expiry periods for cookies on our websites in our Cookies Notice . 6. Personalized marketing and cookies We and our partners use cookies and similar technologies on our websites. For more information see our Cookies Notice . For information about cookies used in our surveys please see Cookies used on Survey Pages . If you are a customer of SurveyMonkey and separately use cookies or similar technologies in conjunction with any of our products and services, then you yourself will be responsible for complying with any laws related to the use of those technologies and this Privacy Notice is not applicable to that use by you. You can also choose to remove or disable cookies via your browser settings and, depending on your geographic location you can withdraw consent to non-essential cookies using the in-product cookie preferences tool. You can opt-out from direct marketing in your account and we provide opt-out options in all direct marketing emails. Finally, if you do not wish to see personalized marketing content on the web related to our service you can clear the cookies in your browser settings. See our Help Center article on how to do this here . 7. Security We have a security statement related to our self-serve businesses (Momentive, SurveyMonkey and Wufoo) available to view here . For information about security related to our other business lines you can speak to a sales representative by completing the form here . 8. Minors Our services are not intended for and may not be used by minors. “ Minors” are individuals under the age of 16 (or under a higher age as provided in certain countries or territories). SurveyMonkey does not knowingly collect personal data from Minors or allow them to register. If it comes to our attention that we have collected personal data from a Minor, we may delete this information without notice. If you have reason to believe that this has occurred, please contact customer support. 9. Data Transfers Your information and data may be processed in and transferred or disclosed in the United States and countries in which our affiliates are located and in which our service providers are located or have servers. You can view a list of these locations in our EU Data Transfer Statement . We ensure that the recipient of your Personal Data offers an adequate level of protection, for instance by entering into the appropriate back-to-back agreements with standard contractual clauses or other transfer mechanisms as approved by the European Commission or relevant data protection authority. We have also provided a help article which answers some additional questions about data transfers to the US. EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield. SurveyMonkey Inc. participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield.SurveyMonkey is committed to subjecting all personal information received from the European Union (EU) member countries, the United Kingdom, and Switzerland, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List see https://www.privacyshield.gov/ . SurveyMonkey also complies with the onward transfer liability provisions of the Privacy Shield Principles. When SurveyMonkey receives personal information under the Privacy Shield and then transfers it to a third-party service provider acting as agent on SurveyMonkey's behalf, SurveyMonkey has certain liability under the Privacy Shield if both (i) the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield and (ii) SurveyMonkey is responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. In certain situations, SurveyMonkey may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, SurveyMonkey is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. Please contact SurveyMonkey as described in Section 14 below if you have any concerns or complaints of any nature. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider, (free of charge) at https://www.jamsadr.com/file-an-eu-us-privacy-shield-claim . Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint , you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted. 10. Who is my data controller? If you have provided survey responses, filled out a form, submitted an application, or provided website feedback to a Creator using SurveyMonkey services, that Creator is the controller of your data, and SurveyMonkey is the processor of that data. For SurveyMonkey Enterprise account holders, your organization’s primary administrator controls some basic account level information which you input when setting up your account like name, email address and profile photo. If you have provided survey responses, filled out a form, submitted an application, or provided website feedback directly to SurveyMonkey, then SurveyMonkey is the controller and our use of that data is described in our SurveyMonkey Research Privacy Notice . SurveyMonkey can be a data controller of data about Respondents only in the very limited ways described in the section here called “ How we use the information we collect - Respondent ”. To the extent that is the case we have identified the correct controller below. SurveyMonkey is a controller for the account-level data provided by its Creators and panelists from Contribute and Rewards. 11. Your rights You may wish to exercise a right to obtain information about yourself or to correct, update or delete that information. For more information about these rights you can read about it here . Some of these rights may be subject to some exceptions or limitations in local law. Please note your rights and choices vary depending upon your location. We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and we will respond to your request to exercise these rights within a reasonable time (and in all cases within 30 days of receiving a request) subject to the below for specific categories of person. Apply Applicants For SurveyMonkey Apply users please see information on how to exercise your rights here . Creator Where you hold an account with any SurveyMonkey service, you are entitled to a copy of all personal data which we hold in relation to you. You also may be entitled to request that we restrict how we use your data or object to some aspect of our treatment of your data. You can access a lot of your data in your own account when you log in. If you want to exercise your rights, please contact us here . Depending on your plan type, SurveyMonkey also enables you to export your own response data from our system in a variety of formats so that you can back it up or use it with other applications. Alternatively, for assistance in exporting you can contact us. Respondent Where you have responded to a survey, form, questionnaire or application sent to you by a Creator using a SurveyMonkey service, you will need to reach out directly to that individual or organization to discuss managing, deleting, accessing, restricting access to or otherwise withdrawing consent for use of the information which you provided to them in your responses.SurveyMonkey does not control your response data and, accordingly, is not in a position to directly handle these requests in relation to that data. If you are having difficulties finding this Creator or if you have any other questions after reading this Privacy Notice, you can contact us through our support team and we will try our best to help you. Panelist If you have created a Rewards or Contribute account with us, you can request a copy of your Personal Data, delete your Personal Data, or correct it. Visitor Where you have visited our website and you want to exercise any of the above rights please contact our support team here . Alternatively, if your request is for the right to be forgotten as it relates only to our use of cookies you can achieve this by clearing the cookies in your browser settings. See our Help Center article describing how to do this here . Third Party Agents If you are a third party organization acting on behalf of a data subject (or class of data subjects) to exercise data subject rights, we do work with you. In this case:We ask you to follow our process outlined in this Privacy Notice for security reasons so that we can independently verify the Creator (if it is a Creator) making any requests to exercise their rights.Where applicable, we directly interact with a Creator’s registered email address, because we authenticate users with username and unique password and not with other identifying information (e.g. photo ID or similar). Please do not share other forms of personal identification for data subjects with us when submitting requests. Other rights and choices For rights and choices specific to US consumers, please refer to our Region Specific Privacy Notice . Please note we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity and the authenticity of your request as described in that Notice. Except as explicitly provided herein, please use the following contact information for privacy inquiries SurveyMonkey Inc.1 Curiosity WaySan Mateo, California 94403United StatesOr contact us here . SurveyMonkey Europe UC2 Shelbourne Buildings,Second Floor,Shelbourne RdBallsbridge,Dublin 4,IrelandOr contact us here . Data Protection Officer : SurveyMonkey's Data Protection Officer is registered with the Irish Data Protection Commission. Contact our DPO at dpo@surveymonkey.com.Note that our contact form is the best way to make a rights request with us. Complaints If you are a resident in the European Union and you are dissatisfied with how we have managed a complaint you have submitted to us, you are entitled to contact your local data protection supervisory authority. As SurveyMonkey Europe UC operates its business in Ireland, it operates under the remit of the Irish Office of the Data Protection Commissioner (see: IDPC Website ). 12. Changes to our Privacy Notice We can make changes to the Privacy Basics and this Privacy Notice from time to time. We will identify the changes we have made on this page . In circumstances where a change will materially change the way in which we collect or use your personal information or data, we will send a notice of this change to all of our account holders. 13. Information specific to other services ALTHOUGH THIS NOTICE APPLIES TO ALL OUR SERVICES, IF YOU ARE USING THE BELOW SERVICES PLEASE CLICK ON THE RELEVANT LINK TO BRING YOU DIRECTLY TO SERVICE SPECIFIC INFORMATION: Copyright © 1999-2023 SurveyMonkey