Privacy Statement How the University of Twente handles your data The University of Twente does everything it can to guarantee your privacy. In this privacy statement we explain how we handle your personal data. We adhere to the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). This statement applies to data collected and used in automated systems within the university. This also includes the websites of the University of Twente. This statement does not apply to websites on which the University of Twente is mentioned, but which has no direct influence on the content. Collecting your personal data The University of Twente collects personal data when it is necessary for providing services, carrying out transactions, providing information or granting access. The data we collect is always tailored to the stated purpose, i.e. we do not collect more data than we need to achieve this purpose. We may collect data about the following categories of data subjects: StudentsEmployees, including job applicants and PhD candidatesProspective studentsAlumniExternals, including guest employeesIn most cases, personal data is provided by the data subject himself. Within the university, this data can, if necessary, be forwarded from an internal source system to or transferred to another system. In addition, we also receive personal data from third-party systems. These can be closed source systems such as Studielink, and open source systems such as Twitter. We can also collect your data when you leave it on the university's websites, in order to keep you informed of various activities of the university. In addition, personal data can also be collected within the university in the context of scientific research, this concerns data from participants in the research. This data must be processed in accordance with the law and the 'Code of Conduct for the use of personal data in scientific research' (VSNU). When medical data is involved, the relevant codes of conduct of Federa are also used (code 'Good behavior' and code 'Good use'). Where necessary, the research will be reviewed by the university's ethics committee prior to the research. The use of your personal data Registrations The personal data that is collected from you is used by the university for its business operations and for the proper performance of its statutory duties and obligations for education and research. The overview below describes the most important processes by which the University of Twente can collect personal data, with the most important components for each process: Education and educational support: application and enrolment, training, keeping track of results and study progress, advice and guidance, providing learning resources, handling disputes, being able to carry out an audit, graduation, addresses and face book, schedules and digital testing system Research and research support: research administration and research data Relationship management: campaign, contact, mailing lists and newsletters, education and graduation date, aimed at prospective students, alumni and participants in various activities ; details of companies, organizations and individuals with whom the university has various forms of collaboration, for example in the form of a contract, processor agreement or collaboration agreement for the delivery or receipt of services and products. termination of employment, internal and auditing and in connection with company medical care Business operations and finances: financial administration, purchasing system, payment systems, IT management and legal proceduresFacilities: access and management systems, camera surveillance, identity management Generic: Web content management Library systemArchivingImages for communication expressions of the universityParticipation. Registrations are reported by the responsible unit (faculty or service) to the 'Data Protection Officer' team (DPO team). In this way, the University of Twente has a complete overview of registrations. The collected data can be used for statistical and scientific research. In doing so, we always observe the legal requirements. Websites (and web systems) The University of Twente uses various tools to ensure that its websites function optimally and to improve ease of use.This includes measuring surfing behavior with web statistics and other systems integrated into the website to actively collect feedback from users or to conduct research with different versions of websites. In order to show the user more relevant content, tailored to his situation, the information on some parts of the websites may be personalized based on information previously entered by you, your location/country or based on other choices made on the website. Contact by e-mail We generally distinguish two types of automated e-mail: transactional e-mail, which is initiated/requested by you yourself, and promotional e-mail. Transactional e-mail is an essential part of the service you have chosen, such as resetting a password or confirming a registration or request for information. You cannot unsubscribe from these types of e-mails. If you give permission to receive promotional mail such as newsletters or invitations to events, you can withdraw this permission. E-mails of this type contain cancellation options for the relevant mailing. Due to the decentralized nature of e-mail communication, no university-wide unsubscribe option (opt-out) is available for this. As with websites, the University of Twente uses analysis tools to analyze the reading and clicking behavior of newsletters in order to improve the newsletters. We may link that information to your personal information to better tailor email communications or interest information to you. Cookies Cookies are small text files that are automatically placed on your computer, tablet, mobile phone or other device when you visit our websites. There are different types of cookies. We always place functional cookies that ensure the proper functioning of our websites. For other cookies (such as tracking cookies), we will first inform you how you can disable them. If you continue to surf on our websites, these cookies will be placed. We use the data we obtain through these cookies to send you or show you offers and advertisements that suit you. You can read more about it in our cookie policy. Retention period Your personal data will not be kept longer than is necessary for the realization of the purposes for which they are collected and processed. Exceptions to this are possible if the storage is necessary for historical, statistical or scientific purposes, or on the basis of a legal requirement. Security of your personal data Measures The University of Twente attaches great importance to the protection of your privacy and takes appropriate measures to this end. We take organizational and technical measures to ensure that your visit to our websites is safe. We also use the available resources to minimize the chance that unauthorized persons have access to your data, or that your data is used or disclosed unlawfully. Access to university employees / third parties The data that the University of Twente collects about you is not accessible to everyone. Only employees and persons who perform work on behalf of the university have access to the data, and then only if this is necessary for the performance of their duties. Name and password protection authorizes those to access the data. All employees who have access are bound to secrecy on the basis of the Collective Labor Agreement for Dutch Universities. Provision to third parties Only in certain cases will the University of Twente provide third parties with your personal data. For example, if required by law or if the data subject has given permission for this. Examples of parties to which we provide data are Studielink, the Ministry of Education, Culture and Science, ABP, the IND and the Tax and Customs Administration. We only provide your data if the University of Twente believes that the provision is necessary to: comply with legal regulations or legal processes with regard to the University of Twente or the websites; protect the rights and property of the University of Twente and related websites ;to protect your personal safety in critical circumstances. The University of Twente regularly engages other companies to provide limited services on behalf of the University of Twente, such as sending and delivering information (direct marketing) and answering questions. We only provide those companies with the personal information they need to provide the relevant service. To this end, the UT enters into processor agreements with these companies, which are obliged to keep the data confidential and not to use it for any other purpose.Data that cannot be traced back to individuals may be provided to third parties for statistical and historical purposes. Storage of your data Personal data that we have collected from you may be stored and processed in the Netherlands or any other country within the European Union. In exceptional cases, data processing takes place in a country outside the European Union, we only allow this if the legally required security and privacy measures are met. Your rights Inspection When the University of Twente processes your personal data, you have the right to inspect this data. If you would like to make use of this option, you can contact the Data Protection Officer team via our GDPR contact form. Correction Do you believe that the information we have recorded about you is incorrect or incomplete? Then you can request us to adjust this information. You can also ask us to delete or protect data, for example when it is irrelevant to the purpose for which it was collected. You can also contact us for this via the AVG contact form. Information This privacy statement informs you about the way in which the University of Twente handles your personal data. Want to know more about this topic? Then take a look at our website: www.utwente.nl/nl/cybersafety . Submitting a complaint If you are not satisfied with the way in which we handle your personal data and you are unable to reach an agreement with the Data Protection Officer, you can submit a complaint to the supervisory authority. This is the Dutch Data Protection Authority. You can find out how to submit a complaint on the website www.autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl. Changes to the privacy statement We can change the privacy statement when there are new developments in our working method or when something changes in the relevant law or case law. So check now and then if anything has changed. The last substantive change to this privacy statement was dated 22 October 2018. University of Twente Drienerlolaan 5 7522 NB Enschede 053 489 9111 Education & Research Show all links UTwente Show all links Follow us Show all channels Member of: Latest update 21-09-2021 Close Education Show all links Research Show all links Business Organization Show all links Campus Suggestions