PRIVACY POLICY Please carefully read the "Privacy Policy" section before using the Online Cinema, because during the use of the Online Cinema, the collection, processing, use and storage of personal data, as well as the transfer of personal data to third parties, are carried out. The controller of personal data is the Administrator (Vaskiani Ventures Limited, Karditsis, 1 Flat/office 102, Kaimakli, 1037, Nicosia, Cyprus). For all questions regarding the collection, processing, use and storage of personal data, as well as the transfer of personal data, Users can contact us at support@megogo.net. Personal data - data that allows any way to identify a specific person and / or contact that person. and / or contact that person. Personal data shall be recognized to be data that allows to identify in any way a specific person Information provided by the User: 3.1. User's name and surname, e-mail address, telephone number, gender, age, information about payment methods. We collect such information in several ways, for example, during the registration and / or using of the Online Cinema, interaction with the Support Service and / or participation in promotional activities conducted by the Administrator. 3.2. information provided during the publication of the review and / or marking the Like / Dislike button about a separate content unit in the Online Cinema and / or other information that you provide while using the Online Cinema. Information collected by the Administrator: 4.1. Information about the User's activity on the megogo.net Service, such as browsing history, search history and so on. 4.2. Information about the device and its operating system, through which access to the Online Cinema is obtained; Internet browser that serving the purpose of using the web version of the Online Cinema. In case of using mobile devices for obtaining access to the Online Cinema, information about the location of the device (up to the city), the device model, the operating system version and the device ID is collected. 4.3. Details of the interaction with the Support Service, such as the date, time and reason for the request, the transcript of any conversation with the Support Service, the phone number from which the call was made to the Support Service and the recording of such conversation. Information received through cookies, Web beacons and other similar technologies. See more information in the paragraph about the cookie. 4.4. Results of marketing activities. Information received from other sources: we can receive information about Users from specialized organizations that provide demographic data, as well as information about the behavior of Users on the Internet. In case of registration in the Online Cinema through the User's account in social networks (the list of social networks membership in which allows registration in the Online Cinema is listed on the User's Registration page), the User provides consent to the processing of Personal Data from the Online Cinema and that social network. The volume of data transmitted by the social network is determined directly by the privacy policy of such social network and is not the subject of this Privacy Policy. Please note that during the accessing to the Online Cinema, the User make use of the services of Internet providers, mobile operators or other telecommunications services related to obtaining access to the Internet and the User agrees to the processing of Personal Data by such bodies. Processing of personal data of individuals under the age of eighteen. Our services could be used by children only with supervising of parents or another legal guardian. The User should be at least 18 years old to use Online Cinema on his or her own. The User must also be old enough to consent to the processing of his or her personal data. Using of the Personal data. We use personal data for the provision, analysis, administration, improvement and personalization of our services and marketing activities, as well as for registering Users within the Online Cinema, accepting requests from Users for purchasing one-time access to Content viewing and accepting payments from Users, and also for communication with Users regarding the above issues. Such use can be expressed in terms of: 9.1. Identification of Users within the using of the Online Cinema. The Administrator may use the information to confirm the User's access to the Online Cinema; 9.2. Fulfillment of requests for Content, access to which is provided within the Online Cinema; 9.3. Individualization of the User's experience within the Online Cinema, based on the User's behavior pattern and the area of his or her interests; 9.4. Conducting analysis and research of Users' actions within the Online Cinema in order to improve the quality of services provided in the Online Cinema; 9.5. Ensuring that important notifications are sent out, for example, concerning changes to the User Agreement or Privacy Policy .Given the importance of such information for the using of the Online Cinema, the User cannot refuse to receive such kind of notifications; 9.6. Informing Users about the appearance of new Content in the Online Cinema, promotional activities or other news about the Online Cinema with the help of e-mails, push notifications and other communication options. The user has the right to refuse to receive such information in the following way: by self-deactivation through the e-mail with the distribution of the function of receiving the newsletters by going through the special link specified in the letter; sending the e-mail to the address support@megogo.net; disable the receipt of push notifications in the settings of mobile devices; blocking the receipt of messages in instant messenger applications 9.7. Using of personal data to increase the relevance of promotional materials and more accurate targeting; 9.8. Preventing fraudulent activities, including the testing period of using of the Online Cinema 9.9. Using of information for internal purposes, for example, connected with the audit, data analysis and research aimed at improving the services provided within the Online Cinema, as well as ways to interact with Users; 9.10. In case of participation of the User in any promotional company, contest or similar event, we may use the information provided by Users to moderate such event. 10. The Administrator may perform profiling of personal data in order to improve the quality and level of relevance of services. Profiling means any form of automated processing of personal data, including the use of Personal data to assess certain personal characteristics relating to an individual, in particular, to analyze or forecast aspects related to this individual in the context of his actions during the using of the Online Cinema, personal preferences, interests and location. 11. In Web version of the Online Cinema, mobile applications, e-mails and advertisements cookies and other similar technologies (including pixel tags and web beacons) may be used. These technologies provide us an opportunity to understand better the actions and behaviors of Users, to receive information about which pages of the Online Cinema are more popular and to evaluate the conversion of promotional materials. In order to improve and facilitate access to the account in the Online Cinema, we use a technology that allows us to recognize the User as the account holder and provide direct access to the account without prompting for a password or other means of identification. The User can refuse to use this opportunity by removing the check mark from the "Remember me" check box when logging into the Web version of the Online Cinema. Information about viewing certain units of Content through a computer or a mobile device of the User allows us to make our emails more corresponding to your interests. Pixel tags allow to send e-mails in a user-friendly format, and also provide an opportunity for us to determine whether the letter was opened and read. We can use this information to reduce the number of emails or completely cancel them. 12. The user may restrict the using of cookies during the using of the Online Cinema. The User may use the settings of his Internet browser or mobile device for the purpose of changing cookies settings. Please note that disabling "advertising" cookies does not reduce the number of displayed ads, but makes them less relevant to the User. 13. We can use in our letters the so-called "Click-through URLs" that are associated with certain materials in the Online Cinema, and when clicked on, the User navigates to the landing page. We also collect such data as it provides information about the most popular topics and the level of interaction with the User. The User can refuse such data collection, not going over such links in the information materials. 14. The User hereby agrees to receive information, including promotional materials, push notifications from the Administrator by all means which are non-prohibited by law applicable to the Agreement, in particular, within the Online Cinema interface, at any time, as well as at the e-mail address, phone number of the User or otherwise. 15. Delivering of push notifications in mobile applications is provided by the Administrator's partner OneSignal Inc (Address: 2194 Esperanca Avenue, Santa Clara, CA, USA, 95054). The User agrees that OneSignal Inc can gather following information about the User: 15.1. When permitted by the operating system, OneSignal may check to see if the device has specific applications installed, based on a limited list, for purposes that include attribution, relevancy of ads, and relevancy of notifications related to those applications. Information about End User's transactions and interactions with apps and websites. 15.2. Purchases made within an app. 15.3. 15.4. Mobile advertising identifiers, such as iOS IDFAs and Android Advertising IDs ("Mobile IDs").These Mobile IDs may be associated with other Information, including with Data Segments. 15.5. Precise Location information, generally an End User's lat/long data (i.e., GPS-level data) or WiFi information, which we may associate with Mobile IDs, and which may be collected whether or not an app is in use. 16. Email address, which we may (in our discretion) hash or otherwise deidentify. 15.6. IP address as well as system configuration information. Information associated with or related to devices, such as device type (e.g., mobile, tablet); type and version of operating system (e.g., Android, iOS); network provider; mobile browser (e.g. Safari, Chrome, etc.); language setting; time zone; and network status type (such as Wi-Fi). The above information is used by OneSignal for the purpose of providing services and such use may be expressed among other things in the transfer of information to third parties. For more detailed information about privacy policy visit: https://onesignal.com/privacy_policy. 16. Disclosure of personal data can be carried out in such cases: 16.1. Disclosure of information according to the order of the supervisory authority. 16.2. 16.3. If the User has agreed to such disclosure. In the event of joint promotional activity with third parties. In this case, the User taking part in such a promotional activity, agrees to the processing of his personal data not only by the Administrator, but also by the Administrator's partners in carrying out of such activity. We draw your attention to the fact that third parties involved in conducting promotional activities have their own policy of confidentiality and interaction with the personal data of Users and are responsible for its compliance. 16.4. In case of any reorganization, restructuring, merger or sale, or other transfer of assets, Personal data might be the part of transferring information. The receiving party, in case of such transfer, agrees to respect your personal information in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Statement undertakes to ensure the level of protection of Personal data no less than provided in this Privacy Policy; 16.5. Providing information to our partners. We use other companies ("Service Providers") to support the provision of our Services to Users. For example, we will engage Service Providers to provide marketing and advertising services or to conduct bank card transactions or another payment methods within Online Cinema or provide an appropriate level of technical support and effective interaction with the call center In order to provide such services, Service Providers may access your personal data or other information. We, for our part, do not give them the right to further disclose such data. 17. We also draw your attention to the fact that during the using of the Online Cinema, the User can disclose information about himself or herself and / or the using of the Online Cinema by pressing the "share " plug-ins for some social platforms or marking "like" in Facebook (terms of use of such buttons and plug-ins is directly the subject of the privacy policy of social platforms). 18. The User may obtain the access to the Online Cinema using devices with Smart TV function, set- top-box devices, game consoles and other devices in which the installation of the Online Cinema application is provided. Please note that using of such devices implies acceptance of the device manufacturer's privacy policy and is not the subject of this Privacy Policy. 19. Rights of the User regarding Personal Data: 19.1. The User has the right of access to his personal data, as well as correct, update irrelevant or inaccurate information that is at the disposal of the Administrator. These actions can be performed in the "Profile" tab on the web version or mobile application. 19.2. The User has the right to request the removal of all data that was collected about the User. Such request is submitted to the address support@megogo.net; 19.3. The User has the right to object to the processing of data for the purpose of direct marketing, which he or she declares on the mail support@megogo.net; 19.4. The right to restrict (suspend) the processing of personal data from the Online Cinema; 19.5. The right to apply to the supervisory authority; 19.6. Request a copy of all data about yourself that are in the possession of the Online Cinema. To prevent access to the account on devices such as Smart-TV or set-top-box, such devices should The User has the option to refuse receiving push notifications by disabling the corresponding Any questions regarding personal data are submitted to support@megogo.net. 20. function in the settings of the mobile device used to access the Online Cinema. 21. be deactivated in the "My devices" section of the Online Cinema interface. 22.The Administrator carries out processing and using of Personal data during the entire period of the Online Cinema has been used by the User and within 5 (five) years from the moment of the last interaction with the Online Cinema. 23. In case that the User requests the removal of his or her Personal Data, the Administrator ensures that the account and personal data associated with such account are deleted. The Administrator reserves the right to store data that provides protection against fraud during the interaction with the Online Cinema (including associated with the multiple activation of the Testing period). 24. The removal of personal data may also be limited in accordance with the requirements of applicable law. In particular, such restrictions may include the obligation of the Administrator to keep the information deleted by the User for a period established by the current legislation and to transmit such information in accordance with the legally established procedure to the state body. 25. The Administrator reserves the right to change the privacy policy. In the event of changing the purview of the Privacy policy, the Administrator shall bring to the knowledge of the User a revised Privacy policy. In case of amending Policy in a way that change the right of Administrator to use previously collected information, the Administrator shall request the User to consent for such using. 26. The Administrator undertakes to notify about the changes and the effective date of such changes in the Privacy Policy in a timely manner. The User may continue to use the Service only after giving proper consent to such changes. In the event that the User does not accept any additions to the Privacy Policy, the User accordingly refuses to use the Service. 27. The Administrator shall perform all necessary security measures necessary to protect the User's personal data. However, the Administrator cannot guarantee 100% of the security of all information that is transmitted and / or collected directly by the Administrator during the using the Online Cinema. The Administrator does not guarantee that the data will not be observed, disclosed or destroyed as a result of refusal or overcoming of any protection measures that were accepted by the Administrator. 28. Service at support@megogo.net. If there are any questions regarding the Privacy Policy, the User should contact the Support