Main navigation Secondary menu Main navigation Secondary menu Verisure Legal Notice The protection of Personal Data is important to Verisure. We are committed to protecting your information and acting in accordance with your rights and privacy laws. Pleaseread this Notice with care. It provides important information about how we use personal data and explains your legal rights. Who we are We are VerisureSàrl. We are the parent company for the VerisureGroup. If you go to Verisure.com you can find links to theVerisureoperating company in your country. Each operating company has its own Legal Notice explaining the use of personal data in your country and your rights. In this notice, where we say ‘you’ or ‘your’, this means either you, any authorised person acting on your behalf or any beneficiaries and other individuals in your household or organisation. Where we say‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’, this meansVerisureSàrl. Collection of your information and how we use it The data we collectabout you when you visit and interact with this site are your contact details such as name and email address where you have contacted us through this site, orif you have agreed to cookies, data such as your site preferences or language settings. Verisure will process your personal data based on our Legitimate business interests for example direct marketing and improvement of our services. Our Cookie Policy Please see our Cookie Notice for more information about what Personal Data we collect from you when you visit our websiteor mobile apps. How we use your personal information We collect and process information about you: to maintain this website and provide you with any service requested though it. For example, when you contact us through this site, we will use your information to make sure you get the right response.To personalise this website and track its performance. For example we may use web-log information, cookies or web beacons in ways that help us maintain some of your site preferences, send you to the right country-specific information or understand how visitors navigate the site so we can make it better. We can also use this information in an aggregate manner to understand how visitors navigate this site so we can make it better. You can choose whether or not to allow cookies or web-beacons using your browser preferences. Disclosure of your information We do not sell your information to third parties. We may, however, share it with otherVerisureGroup companies or affiliated companies in the context of the provision of our products and services. If we or substantially all ofour assets are acquired by a third party, then your information will be transferred to the new owner. The new owner will be subject to the same laws concerning your information as we are.If we sell any business or assets to a third party, in which case we will disclose your data to the prospective buyer of such business or assets. Transfers of your information abroad We store your information within the European Economic Area (EEA) or countries that have an adequate level of data protection. These countries have equivalent laws to those ofthe EUwhen it comes to your information. Where we share your information with companies based outsidethe EEA we contractually require these companies to handle your information on a similar basis to us. In those cases, we will ensure that the transferred information is protected. Retention of your information We will keep your personal data to use it for the purposes listed in this notice. When we no longer need your personal data, we will securely dispose of it in accordance with our Data Retention Policy. Your rights Contact and Complaints You have a number of rights in relation to your personal data. You have the right to access your data, correct any mistakes in our files, the right to have your personal data erased and to restrict or object to processing. You also have the right to withdraw your consent, opt-out of receiving future marketing, and in some circumstances, you have the right to have your information transferred to you or a third party, and the right to object to profiling and automated decision making. The primary point of contact for all issues from this notice, including request to exercise data subject rights, is our Data Protection Officer. The Data Protection Officer can be contacted in the following way: Email address: dpo@verisure.com Postal address: DPO, VerisureSàrl, cheminJean-Baptiste Vandelle3, 1290Versoix, Geneva. If you have a complaint or concern about how we use your personal data, please contact us in the first instance and we will attempt to resolve the issue as soon as possible. You can also lodge a complaint about our processing of your personal data with your Supervisory Authority the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner Status of this legal notice TheLegalNotice was updated in May 2018.We reserve the right to amend it from time to time. FOLLOW US: TOOLS CUSTOMER SITES ©2023 Verisure Sàrl, chemin Jean-Baptiste Vandelle 3, 1290 Versoix, Geneva Privacy Preference Center Your PrivacyStrictly Necessary CookiesPerformance CookiesFunctional CookiesTargeting Cookies Your Privacy When you visit a website, data may be stored in or retrieved from your browser, usually in the form of cookies. This information may relate to you, your preferences or your device and is primarily used to ensure that the website is functioning properly. The information does not generally identify you directly but can provide you with a personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, we give you the option of not allowing certain types of cookies. Click on the different categories to get more details on each of them and modify the default settings. However, if you block certain types of cookies, your browsing experience and the services we are able to offer you may be impacted. The choice that you are going to express regarding the settings is only valid for the browser you are currently using. More information Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Back Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label We use cookies to improve and personalise your experience on this website and to allow us to do some basic audience measurement. Cookie PolicyCookie Policy This Cookie Policy describes how we use cookies and similar tracking technologies on our web site to collect certain visitor information automatically. You may consent or refuse to consent to each category of cookies (except Strictly Necessary Cookies) at any time by changing cookie settings. What are a cookies and how do we use them? A cookie is a small text file containing small amounts of information which is downloaded to/sored on your computer (or other internet enabled devices, such as a smartphone or tablet) when you visit a website. It may allow a website to “remember” your actions or preferences over a period of time, or it may contain data related to the function or delivery of the site. We use first party and third party cookies, by accepting some third party cookies, you agree that we may share this information with these third parties. This may mean that your data might be processed in the USA. Cookies may collect personal information about you. Cookies help us remember information about your visit to our website, like your country, language and other settings. Cookies allow us to understand who has seen which webpages and advertisements, to determine how frequently particular pages are visited and to determine the most popular areas of our website. They can also help us to operate our website more efficiently and make your next visit easier. We also use cookies for security reasons and to obtain greater efficiency. If you choose to configure your browser to reject all cookies or, specifically the cookies of the website, we will not prevent you from navigating through the website However, you may find that you cannot enjoy some of the functionalities that come with installing cookies. Change cookie settings Verisure.com uses Third Party services, including cookie technology, to perform audience analytics. You can manage your cookie settings by clicking on the below cookie settings button. You may also refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however, please note that if you do this you may find that you cannot enjoy some of the functionalities that come with installing cookies, specifically, the functionalities in the session cookies. The registration of cookies may also take place during the installation or updating of the browser, these cookies may be revoked at any time through the content configuration options and privacy settings. Many browsers allow you to activate a private mode through which cookies are always deleted after your visit. Depending on the browser, this private mode can have different names. Below you will find a list of the most common browsers and the different names of this "private mode", as well as a link through which you will find a brief explanation on how to configure cookies depending on the browser: Browser name Private Mode Cookie management Internet Explorer 8 and higher InPrivate Safari 2 and higher Private Navigation Opera 10.5 and higher Private Navigation FireFox 3.5 and higher Private Navigation Google Chrome 10 and higher Incognito Important: Please read carefully the help section of your browser to learn more about how to activate the "private mode". You can continue visiting the portal even if your browser is in "private mode", although your browsing through our website may not be optimal and some utilities may not work properly. Cookie categories Stricly necessary cookies These cookies enable services you have specifically asked for. These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Audience Measurement cookies These cookies collect anonymous information on the pages visited. These cookies allow us to do basic audience measurement. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. Performance cookies These cookies collect anonymous information on the pages visited. These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. Functional cookies These cookies remember choices you make to improve your experience. These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages.If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit.If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Advertising and Modern Marketing Tools We use several modern marketing tools in support of our advertising efforts. Arlo may work with third-party advertisers that use cookies and similar technologies to provide more relevant advertising about Arlo Products and Services on our websites and across the internet. To provide this 'interest-based advertising', the parties combine nonpersonal data about your online activities acquired over time, which help cater advertising that we deliver to you. Pixels In addition to cookies, we sometimes use small graphic images known as 'pixels' (also known as web beacons, clear GIFs, or pixel tags). We use pixels in our email communications to you (if you have selected to receive such communications) to help us to understand whether our email communication has been viewed. We also use third-party pixels (such as those from Google, Facebook, and other advertising networks) to help us provide advertising that is relevant to your interests. Other Identifiers When you use our app, we collect a unique ad-tracking identifier from your device (the Advertising Identifier or “IDFA” on iOS devices and the Google Ad ID or “AID” on Android devices) so that we can learn more about users of our app and provide the most relevant messaging and marketing. Although these identifiers are unique to your device, they do not contain any of your personal information such as name or email address. Cookie List Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. careers.verisure.com First Party verisure.com First Party www.verisure.com First Party mypages.verisure.com First Party career.verisure.com First Party __cfduid Third Party Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. verisure.com First Party _clck, _clsk Third Party Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly. verisure.com First Party Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. careers.verisure.com First Party gclid, overlayDismissed, P_REF_CNG, Per_UniqueID Third Party gclid, overlayDismissed, P_REF_CNG, Per_UniqueID Third Party ext_trk, gclid, overlayDismissed, P_REF_CNG, Per_UniqueID, PHPPPE_GCC Third Party How to contact us If you have any question about the use of your personal information, please send an email to verisure@dpo.com Cookie policy updates We reserve the right to make any changes and corrections to this policy.Please refer to this page from time to time to review these and new additional information. This policy was updated on November 2022. FOLLOW US: TOOLS CUSTOMER SITES ©2023 Verisure Sàrl, chemin Jean-Baptiste Vandelle 3, 1290 Versoix, Geneva Privacy Preference Center Your PrivacyStrictly Necessary CookiesPerformance CookiesFunctional CookiesTargeting Cookies Your Privacy When you visit a website, data may be stored in or retrieved from your browser, usually in the form of cookies. This information may relate to you, your preferences or your device and is primarily used to ensure that the website is functioning properly. The information does not generally identify you directly but can provide you with a personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, we give you the option of not allowing certain types of cookies. Click on the different categories to get more details on each of them and modify the default settings. However, if you block certain types of cookies, your browsing experience and the services we are able to offer you may be impacted. The choice that you are going to express regarding the settings is only valid for the browser you are currently using. More information Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Back Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label We use cookies to improve and personalise your experience on this website and to allow us to do some basic audience measurement. Cookie Policy