Privacy Your data, your privacy! How do we handle your private data and how do we comply with applicable laws and regulations? In order to be able to provide our services to you and to continuously improve them, we collect a number of data. We think it is important that you can use our services properly. What data do we collect? When creating a customer account, you provide us with your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address, among other things. We can also ask you for your date of birth, bank details, alternative e-mail addresses and other data with which we can identify you as a customer and can (continue to) provide our services to you optimally. When you contact our service desk, we will check on the basis of the information provided that you are actually the person we are in contact with. Telephone conversations with Zonnet may be recorded to improve our services and training of our employees. Questions you ask us by e-mail and the communication that follows are stored by us. When using our services, we will collect traffic and, if available, location data, depending on what you purchase from us. We do not collect the content of the communication, but we do, for example, keep track of when, from which IP and to which e-mail address you have sent an e-mail via our servers. When you visit our website(s) or open our e-mails as a visitor, we collect, for example, the time at which you do so and via which IP. Active monitoring is active on all our products and services, whereby we check whether our products and services are still available. We do this from multiple locations within and outside our network. There is also active monitoring to prevent abuse and fraud of our systems and/or to put a stop to it. Our suppliers We cannot do everything ourselves and have entered into a partnership with our suppliers for the provision of certain services. We also use the systems of our suppliers for this and need to exchange customer data in order to be able to provide certain services. When registering a domain name, we are only an intermediary party and in order to register a domain name in your name, it is necessary to exchange personal data and/or application data. We make good agreements with all our suppliers when we need to exchange your data. These agreements must guarantee that your data is safe. Requests to delete data You may view and adjust all data that we process about you. We even require that you keep your data up-to-date to prevent loss or misuse of your data and subscriptions. You can always request us to remove your data from our database(s). Please note that we are not always allowed to do this due to laws and regulations. When we receive a request to delete your data and we cannot comply with this due to laws and regulations, you will hear from us which data we cannot delete. Security of your and our data We have taken appropriate measures to properly protect your data and our equipment. We will never share your data with third parties without your order and/or permission. You can read in detail about our processing of personal data in our General Terms and Conditions and the accompanying Addendum for the Processing of Personal Data. Contact options and login Contact with Zonnet Do you have any other questions? Your Zonnet team will be happy to answer them. Feel free to send us a message. Versatel: powered by Zonnet As a Versatel customer you have the same choices for your e-mail address. From now on you can also log in via the same link. Prices include 21% VAT © 2023 Zonnet