Website Privacy Policy - New — Vesync Co., Ltd Legal Privacy Policy Last modified: March 13,2023 Introduction This Privacy Policy for websites describes information L&H Y Trading, Inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates, including Vesync Corporation, Arovast Corporation, and Etekcity Corporation (collectively, “Vesync” or “We”) collect, use, share, and store, including personal information (i.e., information that personally identifies you, such as your name, email address or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably used to infer this information). We understand the importance of privacy to our users, and we strive to be clear about how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your personal information. Our goal is to provide you with a positive experience on our websites, while at the same time keeping your personal information secure. This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit our websites Vesync.com, Levoit.com, Cosori.com, and Etekcity.com (our " Websites " each a “Website”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information. We provide additional details about how we collect and use information in connection with Vesync, Levoit, Cosori, and Etekcity products and services in our Privacy Statement for those Products and Services, which can be found in the Vesync Mobile Application. If you are located in a member state of the European Economic Area(“EEA”), for the purposes of the EU General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 ("GDPR"), you may have different rights stated here . This policy applies to information we collect: On our Websites.In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and our Websites or our Customer Support team.When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.When you create an account on this Website or any of our Websites.When you subscribe to our newsletters, promotions or other marketing initiatives.When you purchase our products directly from our Vesync web store(s). It does not apply to information collected by: Vesync, Levoit, Cosori, and Etekcity products, mobile applications, and services;Us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by any third party; orAny third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on our Websites. Specific Vesync Services We also provide additional privacy notices for some specific Vesync services. These notices form part of this Privacy Policy and are displayed when relevant data processing activities occur. In the event of inconsistency between additional privacy notice concerning specific Vesync services and this Privacy Policy, the former shall prevail. You can also click here to learn how these services collect and use your personal information. *Note, third parties may have their own privacy policies, which we encourage you to read before providing information on or through them. Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Websites. By accessing or using our Websites, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy below). Your continued use of our Websites after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates. Children Under the Age of 16 Our Websites are not intended for children under 16 years of age. No one under age 16 may provide any personal information to or on our Websites. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. If you are under 16, do not use or provide any information on our Websites or through any of its features, register on the Websites, make any purchases through the Websites, use any of the interactive or public comment features of the Websites, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at privacy@vesync.com. California residents under 16 years of age may have additional rights regarding the collection and sale of their personal information. Please see Your California Privacy Rights for more information.Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It We collect several types of information from and about users of our Websites, including information: By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (" personal information ");That is about you but individually does not identify you, such as aggregated anonymized data; and/orAbout your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Websites, and usage details. We collect this information: Directly from you when you provide it to us.Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies. Information You Provide to Us The information we collect on or through our Websites may include: Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Websites. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Websites, creating an account with us, subscribing to our service, posting material, applying for discounts, or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Websites.Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses) or communications through our live chat features, if you contact us. Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes.Details of transactions you carry out through our Websites and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Websites. If you pre-order or purchase Levoit, Cosori, or Etekcity products from our Websites, we request that you provide your name, email address, billing and shipping address, credit card information and any other information necessary to complete the transaction. However, we do not collect or store your full credit card information. PayPal and Stripe, our credit card payment processing service providers, will collect and store full payment card information from you. Your search queries on the Websites. You also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, " posted ") on public areas of the Websites, or transmitted to other users of the Websites or third parties (collectively, " User Contributions "). Your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of the Websites with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies As you navigate through and interact with our Websites, we may use automatic data collection technologies, such as Google Analytics, to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including: Details of your visits to our Websites, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Websites.Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, The MAC address of devices, operating system, and browser type. We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). Click the CookieYes button in the bottom left for information on how you can opt out of behavioral tracking on this website and how we respond to web browser signals and other mechanisms that enable consumers to exercise choice about behavioral tracking. The information we collect automatically may include personal information. It helps us to improve our Websites and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to: Estimate our audience size and usage patterns.Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Websites according to your individual interests.Speed up your searches.Recognize you when you return to our Websites. The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include: Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Websites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Websites. Flash Cookies.Certain features of our Websites may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Websites. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information. Web Beacons. Pages of our Websites and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit Vesync, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity). Click-through URL. We may also use Click-through URLs in advertising, emails, promotions, or messages linked to content on our Websites. We track this click-through data to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and customer communications. Most websites will prompt you before accepting cookies. You may also change your cookies settings in your browser. Note, depending on your device or browser, it may not be possible to disable all tracking mechanisms. Also, if you set your browser to reject all cookies, parts of this Website may not work for you. For more information, please see our Cookie Policy . Third-Parties, Service Providers, Sites, and Features Some content or applications on the Websites are served by third parties, including content providers and application providers such as Shopify, Zendesk, Hotjar, Bazaarvoice, or Google Analytics. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Website. Our Websites may also contain links to other websites operated by third parties such as social media features like Facebook, Instagram, or Twitter. These third parties may collect information about you when you click on a link to these third-party websites. The information that these third parties collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. We strongly encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings of these third-party websites and think carefully before clicking on links which may take you to a third-party website. For information you share publicly or provide to us through social media platforms, such as Facebook, Instagram, or Twitter, we may use that information to understand your preferences related to our current and future services and product lines. We may also analyze feedback on the quality of our applications and related services to improve our applications and services. We are also interested in requests for future applications and services. How We Use Your Information We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information: To present our Websites and their contents to you.To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us.To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.To notify you about changes to our Websites or any products or services we offer or provide though it.To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Websites.To improve our Websites’ quality, reliability, and responsiveness.To improve users’ experience using our Websites. To identify problems with our Websites.In any other way we may describe when you provide the information.For any other purpose with your consent. Disclosure of Your Information Please be reassured that we do not share your personal information for any commercial or marketing purposes unrelated to the delivery or promotion of Vesync products and services without your permission. Except as described below, we do not sell, distribute, transfer, or lease your personal information to third parties. We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy: Vesync may share your personal information with our subsidiaries, parents, affiliates, or to contractors, vendors, outsource service providers, or other third parties we use to support our business, to provide products and services to our users, or to assist with support functions such as marketing, billing, payment card processing, and data analysis.We will require any such vendors or service providers to manage your personal information with privacy and security safeguards consistent with this privacy policy. We may share or transfer personal information about you in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, or sale of assets of our business, in the event of bankruptcy, or during the negotiations leading to such an event. We will seek assurances from any buyer that your personal information will be used, shared, maintained, and disclosed consistent with the terms of this privacy policy.To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. For example, if you provide an email address for the "Subscribe" feature of our Websites, we will transmit news and updates to email. For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.With your consent. We may also disclose your personal information: To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.To enforce or apply our terms of use ( view terms of use ), and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Vesync, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. We may share aggregated information about our users, and anonymized customer data or information that does not identify any individual. However, we make every effort to keep this non-personal information anonymous and we require our partners to do the same. Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information: Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly. Promotional Offers from the Vesync. If you do not wish to have your email address used by the Vesync to promote our own products or services, please do not to submit your information (the order form/registration form) or if you already submitted your information, you may utilize the unsubscribe function in each promotional email. You may also submit your request to opt-out by sending us an email stating your request to privacy@vesync.com . This opt-out does not apply to information provided us as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions. We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. You can also opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative (" NAI ") on the NAI's website. Residents of certain states, such as California, Nevada, Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see [Your California Privacy Rights] and Your Colorado/ Connecticut/ Virginia/ Utah/ Nevada Privacy Rights below for more information. Data Retention We will only retain your personal information for as long as reasonably necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or reporting requirements. We may retain your personal information for a longer period in the event of a complaint or if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation in respect to our relationship with you. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal information, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal, regulatory, tax, accounting or other requirements. In some circumstances we will deidentify your personal information (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use the information indefinitely without further notice to you. Accessing and Correcting Your Information You can review and change your personal information by logging into the Website and visiting your account profile page. You may also send us an email at privacy@vesync.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us.We cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. We may not accommodate a request to change information if we believe the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect. If you delete your User Contributions from the Website, copies of your User Contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other Website users. California residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. Please see [Your California Privacy Rights] for more information. Do Not Track Disclosures With regard to Do Not Track (DNT), we currently don’t respond to DNT signals in browsers because no DNT standard has been adopted. Your California Privacy Rights If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. You can learn more about your California privacy rights here. Your Colorado/ Connecticut/ Virginia/ Utah/ Nevada Privacy Rights Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah each provide their state residents with rights to: Confirm whether we process their personal information.Access and delete certain personal information.Data portability. Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia also provide their state residents with rights to: Appeal our denial of requests. Nevada residents who wish to exercise their sale opt-out rights may submit a request to privacy@vesync.com. However, please know we do not currently sell data triggering that statute's optout requirements. Data Security Vesync has an information security program to implement reasonable and appropriate industry-standard security controls to protect personal information in its possession. Vesync also requires its service providers to implement controls that are at least as stringent as the ones Vesync itself uses, consistent with this policy. Vesync’s administrative, physical, and technical safeguards: Provide assurances of the integrity and confidentiality of personal information covered by this policy;Protect against reasonably anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of personal information, and unauthorized uses or disclosures of such personal information; andFacilitate compliance with legal frameworks of requirements under applicable data protection laws. One example of a security safeguard we use is encryption. Specifically, our mobile applications use encrypted communications when they obtain your personal information and when our payment service receives your payment information to complete orders and obtain payment for products you purchase using our Websites. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of our Websites like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Websites. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Websites. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Websites. Changes to Our Privacy Policy Our business changes constantly, and our privacy policy and the terms of use will also change accordingly. We may email periodic reminders of our policy and terms, but you should check our Websites frequently to see the most recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current privacy policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account(s). We stand behind the promises we make and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them materially less protective of user information collected in the past without the consent of affected users. However, we may amend this policy from time to time. We will make amendments to the policy by displaying an amended copy on our Websites, and, if necessary, by sending a notice to you by email. Your continued use of our Websites after the revision will constitute your approval of the revised version. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Websites and this privacy policy to check for any changes.Contact Information Please direct all requests for assistance, questions, or complaints about our privacy practices to our privacy team by email, postal mail, or phone at the following contact information: Attention: Privacy Team Email: privacy@vesync.com Postal Address: 1202 North Miller Street, Suite A, Anaheim, CA 92806 US If you have any concern or complaint about Vesync’s privacy policies or practices, please provide information relevant to your complaint. Our privacy team will evaluate your concern or complaint based on the information you provide and send you a response. We may need to ask you for additional information to evaluate your concern or complaint. We will promptly investigate and respond to your communications about a complaint. You may have other rights under law and the right to contact the privacy regulator in your local jurisdiction about your concern or complaint. The VeSync Family of Brands ©2023 Vesync Co., Ltd All rights reserved