top of page AboutOriginalsPeopleFor AdvertisersFor ArtistsNewsroomMore 1. Introduction. Vevo recognizes that its users value their privacy and we take your privacy seriously. This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”), as hosted at vevo.com/privacy-policy, explains our privacy practices, including what types of information we collect from you and how we may use it, our rights to share and disclose such information to third parties and how you can review and modify information that you provide to us and your preferences regarding our use and disclosure of such information. Please additionally review our Terms of Use Agreement (“Terms of Use”), as hosted at vevo.com/terms-of-use, which governs your use of the Vevo Service (as defined below). Any capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning given in the Terms of Use. Vevo participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and Policies. Vevo operates Consent Management Platform with the identification number CMP ID 390. This Privacy Policy applies to the information: (i) collected by Vevo LLC, Vevo (UK) Limited and any of their respective affiliates (collectively, “Vevo”, “we”, “our” or “us”) or third parties acting with our authorization, or (ii) otherwise provided to us by third parties about you, in each instance, in connection with your use of the Vevo-branded television application (also commonly referred to a “connected television app”, “CTV app” or “living room app”) made available via certain third party television connected, digital streaming devices and television subscription services and/or the Vevo owned and controlled websites (including vevo.com and tv.vevo.com) (collectively, the “Vevo Service”). This Privacy Policy applies regardless of whether you are accessing the Vevo Service as an end user, television service subscriber or otherwise. We will either rely on our legitimate interest or our need to perform under a contract to collect, store, use and process your information or, if required by applicable law, you will be asked to consent to our processing of your information in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please see information on your privacy rights below or stop using the Vevo Service. 2. Information That We Collect. The information we may process depends upon your interaction with us. When you use the Vevo Service, we collect information that may identify or be linked to your television, set-top box, computer, mobile device or other internet-connected device (each, a “Device”). We generally cannot personally identify you from this Device information, but we and our third party service providers may combine this data with other information and attempt to identify you in order to serve you more relevant advertisements (as further described below). Information may be collected as described below and through the use of cookies, web beacons, pixels, and other similar technologies by us or by other companies on our behalf, as further described in Section 9 below. We may collect the following categories of “personal information”: Other Identifying Information. The Vevo Service includes features that automatically pass certain information about some of the unique identifiers assigned to your Device, including the Internet Protocol (IP) address, unique device identifier, or advertising identifier (collectively, “Online Identifiers”), to us and/or our third party service providers. Internet or Other Electronic Activity Information. To improve functionality and user experience, we also collect information regarding your interactions with the Vevo Service, including advertisements displayed on the Vevo Service. Geolocation Information. Through your IP address, we can determine your general geolocation or region, which we use to support the delivery of content in your language and provide localized advertising. Commercial Information. We collect information about the services you purchase or view on our website or through the Vevo Services. Inferences or Audience Segmentation. This includes certain information that relates to or may be used to create and remember individual profiles, preferences, characteristics, and behaviors. Inferences drawn from the categories described above in order to create a profile about you to reflect your preferences, characteristics, behavior and attitude. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information, as defined by California law, for inferring characteristics or for purposes other than those permitted by law. In addition, if you contact us with a customer service, copyright-related, or privacy-related request, we may use the personal information that you provide us (e.g., email address or phone number) to process and respond to your request.If you contact us through our website for sales-related purposes and/or previously provided us with registration information, we may collect, store, and/or use such personal information you provide us (e.g. name, email address and/or other information provided to us) in those instances to communicate with you for marketing and promotional purposes, including direct marketing. 3. Sources of Collection We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources. We collect information from you indirectly or passively. We collect internet or other electronic activity passively using tools like browser cookies. This activity is further described in the Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies section below. We collect information about you from third parties. We collect your personal information from third parties, such as data co-ops. We may receive and trade demographic information, commercial information, and internet and electronic activity with data co-ops and other third party data aggregators. 4. How We Use the Information That We Collect We may process the personal information we collect for the below purposes and any other purposes disclosed at the time that you provide us with information: To meet and/or fulfill our legitimate interests: We use your other identifying information, internet and other electronic activity information to deliver content on the Vevo Service and to manage our business needs, such as monitoring, analyzing, modifying and improving the Vevo Service’s functionality and performance; We use your other identifying information, commercial information, geolocation information, and internet and electronic activity information to prevent fraud and abuse on and unauthorized access to the Vevo Service; We use your other identifying information, commercial information, demographic information, and geolocation information to provide localized content on the Vevo Service based on the country in which you are located (as determined based on your Online Identifiers); We use your other identifying information, commercial information, geolocation information, demographic information, and inferences to provide localized advertising based on your general geographic location (as determined based on your Online Identifiers); We use your other identifying information, commercial information, geolocation information and demographic information to provide targeted advertising to you on the Vevo Service (as further described in Section 4 below); We use your contact information to respond to your questions or other requests; We use your other identifying information to conduct research and analytics for marketing/promotional purposes and to provide anonymous and aggregated reporting (i.e., reporting that does not identify you) for internal use and use by external clients, business partners and other third parties; and We use your other identifying information, commercial information, geolocation information and demographic information to accumulate and report aggregated, de-identified, statistical information in connection with the Vevo Service and user activity. We may use your other identifying information and geolocation information to comply with our regulatory and legal obligations or to enforce our legal rights, including: To meet reporting requirements (e.g., filing tax forms); To retain documents and information related to a legal action; To enforce the Terms of Use; and To report data breaches or unauthorized access to the Vevo Service. ​We may otherwise use each category of personal information with your consent. If you have allowed us to process your personal information based on consent, you can withdraw your consent to such uses of your personal information that rely on consent as a legal basis to processing at any time by following the steps in Section 6 in this Privacy Policy. 5.Sharing and Disclosure of the Information That We Collect We will not share your personal information or information with others except in the following circumstances: Our Group Entities: We may disclose your personal information to other group entities that are affiliates and/or subsidiaries, owners or parents of Vevo in accordance with our internal policies or administrative or business practices. Third Party Service Providers: We may share your personal information with other carefully selected third party operators, advertising networks, data exchanges, traffic measurement service providers and other third parties for the purpose of (1) assisting with facilitating transactions on or through the Vevo Service, (2) supporting the delivery of content via the Vevo Service, (3) providing information technology and customer service assistance, (4) providing, delivering, offering, supporting, administering, maintaining and enabling the Vevo Service (including providing a full range of content, activities, services, features and functions offered on or in connection with the Vevo Service), (5) providing, and measuring and tracking, the display of and interaction with advertisements served within the Vevo Service. In certain cases, these service providers and other third parties may use (or facilitate the use of) your Online Identifiers and/or other information provided by us or collected by such third parties in combination with information third parties have independently collected about you, for purposes of serving you advertisements on the Vevo Service and/or third-party websites, applications and/or services that may be of interest to you. Vevo does not receive or have access to any personal information that those third parties have independently collected about you. We request that service providers maintain commercially reasonable standards of security and confidentiality and must agree to keep such information secure and confidential in line with this Privacy Policy. Other Third Parties. We may share personal information with a third party if you specifically authorize it, or it is required to complete a transaction, service or activity that you initiated or requested. In such case, the collection and processing of your personal information may be subject to the privacy policy of such third party. Please note that we are not responsible for the actions of third party distributors or platform or service operators (including those on which the Vevo Service is made available) or others. The third party distributors of the Vevo Service and the third-party platform or service operators on which the Vevo Service is made available may independently process your information. We are not responsible for any additional information you provide to any third parties. Instead, you should review those third parties’ privacy policies and practices to understand your rights. Corporate Transactions or Events: If Vevo sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of all or a material part of its assets or stock or is otherwise involved in a merger, joint venture, transfer, corporate reorganization or other disposition of its business, Vevo may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction, and such party or parties may use the information for the purposes set forth in, and in accordance with the terms of, this Privacy Policy. Pursuant to Law, Rule or Regulation: We may share or disclose your information with other parties as we deem necessary or appropriate under applicable law, rule or regulation. Examples of these purposes include: to respond to requests from public, governmental and regulatory authorities, to comply with court orders, to obtain legal remedies or limit our damages, to enforce this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, and to protect the rights, safety and/or property of you, our employees or others. Cross Contextual Behavioral Advertising. We may share your personal information with third parties in order to provide cross-contextual behavioral advertising. This may include the following categories of personal information: other identifying information, demographic information, geolocation information, commercial information, and other electronic activity. With Your Consent: If we do not process your personal information in accordance with our legitimate interest or based on a contractual obligation we have with you, we may share or disclose your personal information if you provide us with your affirmative consent. 6. Data Collection From Children. A. Privacy Requests. You may contact us about privacy preferences and learn more about your choices with respect to advertising on the Vevo Service by sending an email to us at privacy@vevo.com detailing your privacy request.If you ask Vevo to stop using your personal information, we will honor that request, provided that we may retain a record of such information as necessary to comply with applicable law and we may continue to use your contact information to respond to your requests. If you continue to use the Vevo Service, we may continue to use your Online Identifiers to determine the country in which you are accessing the Vevo Service in order for content to be displayed within the Vevo Service. You always have the right to access, review and correct the personal information you have provided. B. Your EU Privacy Rights. If you are an EU citizen or reside in the EU, you may have certain rights with respect to the personal information you provided to us. To the extent permitted by applicable information protection laws, you may: Access or modify your personal information; Object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to the processing of your personal information if the legal ground we are relying on is our legitimate interest or in the public interest; Request that your personal information be erased if it is no longer necessary for the purposes for which it was processed, you have withdrawn consent to, or object to, the processing of such personal information and we meet no other legitimate basis for such processing or it has been unlawfully processed; Restrict the processing of your personal information if you contest its accuracy or the lawfulness of our processing, we no longer need it but you need it for a legal claim or you have objected to its processing and await verification of our legitimate grounds for processing it; Under certain circumstances, have your personal information transferred to another company; or Withdraw any consents that you have previously provided to allow us to process your personal information. If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at privacy@vevo.com . Please note that some requests may require you to verify your identity. C. Notice to Consumers in the United States. If you are a resident of California or jurisdictions with similar laws (e.g., Colorado, Virginia Connecticut, Utah), you may have certain additional privacy rights under the applicable privacy laws in your state (“State Privacy Laws”). This section generally describes those rights and how you can exercise them. These rights are not absolute. In some situations we may not be able to process your request. This may include if a legal exception applies. We’ll let you know when or if a right doesn’t apply to you. You will not be discriminated against for exercising a privacy right. If you disagree with our decision you can contact us as described at the end of this policy. Those rights are: Access: to learn the categories of information we collect and use, and for those in California, the categories of sources of collection and disclosure and the business purpose for collection; Portability: a copy of the specific pieces of Personal Information collected; Deletion: to have us delete information we collected from you; and Correction: asking us to fix your information.. Please note that if we delete your personal information, some of our services will not work the same. For example, your previous opt out requests will not be saved and saved preferences and information will no longer be available. Exercising your Rights: To exercise your rights, submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either: Clicking HERE; or Emailing us at privacy@vevo.com . Your verifiable consumer request must: Provide sufficient identifying information (including full name and email address) to allow us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected and retained Personal Information, and/or your authority to make such request on behalf of the data subject, and Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. Note that we will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request or to review and comply with the request. You may authorize someone to act as your agent and submit a request on your behalf.Due to the sensitivity of such requests, you must verify the agent’s authorization before we will act. Accordingly: You or your agent must supply proof that the agent is registered with the Secretary of State to act on your behalf; or You or your agent must supply other written permission for a specific agent to act on your behalf, and will use your email address to connect directly with you to verify agent identity and authority. We cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm with a level of confidence appropriate to the sensitivity of the information that the personal information we have collected and retained in our systems and databases relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us, but if you have an account with us, we may require you to log-in to such account in order to verify your identity or authority or to provide or delete your information. Right to Opt out of the Sale or Sharing of Personal Information Residents of certain jurisdictions have the right to opt out of the “sale” or “sharing” of their personal data, as such terms are defined under State Privacy Laws. Under California law, “share” means disclosing your personal information by us to a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, in exchange for money or anything else of value. Thus, when we use the term “share” under this section, we are using it in the narrow meaning of how it is defined under California law. Other State Privacy Laws do not use the term “share,” but describe the concept as using personal information for targeted advertising. The term “sell” has a different meaning under certain State Privacy Laws. For example, under the laws of California and Colorado, “sell” means exchanging your personal information by us with a third party for money or anything else of value. Under Virginia law, “sell” is the exchange of personal information for money only. Currently, we participate in digital advertising networks to deliver advertising that is tailored to your interests. The participation in certain ad networks can constitute a “sale” or “sharing” of personal data under State Privacy Laws. Vevo also participates in certain data co-ops where we disclose your information to our marketing partners. Although we never received monetary compensation for your data, this activity may constitute a “sale” under State Privacy Laws. The categories of third parties to whom information may be disclosed in these contexts is our third party partners (e.g., advertisers and marketing partners and data analytics providers). We may “sell” the following categories of Personal Information: Online identifiers; Demographic information; Geolocation information; Internet/electronic activity; Commercial information; and Inferences drawn from the categories described above in order to create a profile about you to reflect your preferences, characteristics, preferences, behavior and attitudes. You can opt-out of being tracked by these third parties by clicking the “DO NOT SELL OR SHARE MY PERSONAL INFORMATION” link at the bottom of our Website. Please note that your opt-out preferences are website/device specific. You can also opt-out by broadcasting an Opt-Out Preference Signal, such as the Global Privacy Control (GPC) (on the browsers and/or browser extensions that support such a signal). Note that we will only apply the request to that specific device or browser and only for cookie or pixel based selling and sharing. Thus, you will need opt out on each browser and device where you use our services. If you clear your cookie history on a particular browser or device, your opt out request will no longer be saved. To learn more about these advertising practices or to opt out of this type of advertising of your personal data, please visit https://www.networkadvertising.org/ to optout. You can also opt out of the re-sale of your personal information by other participants in these digital advertising networks by visiting this site and opting out of each participant’s digital property. Right to Opt out of Profiling Residents of some jurisdictions—subject to certain exceptions—may have a right to opt out of forms of automated processing performed on Personal Information to evaluate, analyze or predict personal aspects related to your economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location or movements (“Profiling”). We engage in cookie-based or digital advertising-based Profiling. To opt out of this practice, please follow the instructions detailed above regarding opting out of the sale or sharing of your Personal Information.Right to Limit Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information Residents of some jurisdictions may have a right to limit the processing of your Sensitive Personal Information (as defined by California law). We do not collect or process Sensitive Personal Information for inferring characteristics or use or disclose Sensitive Personal Information for purposes other than those permitted by law. Right to Appeal Residents of some jurisdictions (e.g., Virginia or Colorado) have a right to appeal our decision on a privacy rights request. If we were unable to fulfill your request, you may appeal our request by emailing us at privacy@vevo.com within fourteen days of our decision, and provide a detailed reason for your appeal, as well as your state of residence. Notice to Nevada Residents/Your Nevada Privacy Rights If you are a Nevada resident, please note that Vevo does not sell for monetary consideration the Personal Information of Nevada consumers for the purpose of resale to other entities. 7. Data Collection From Children Vevo recognizes the need to adequately protect the privacy of all of its users, especially children. The Vevo Service is not intended for or directed at children under the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected personal information from someone under the age of 16, we will promptly delete it, unless we are legally obligated to retain such information. If you believe that we have mistakenly or unintentionally collected information from someone under the age of 16, please contact us at privacy@vevo.com . For users in the United States, please also visit https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/ for information from the Federal Trade Commission about protecting children's privacy online. 8. Security While no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure from intrusion, we maintain commercially reasonable physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect the personal information that we collect, use and/or store, which are consistent with applicable privacy and security laws. These policies and measures are designed to prevent against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, modification and disclosure and unlawful destruction of your personal information. We also limit access to the Vevo Service to our own employees, contractors, operators, service providers and those individuals who are authorized for the proper handling of and have a business need to access such information. We request that our third party contractors and service providers follow similar standards of security and confidentiality as those followed by Vevo. However, it is possible that third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications despite our efforts to prevent same and we therefore make no guarantees regarding the security of user information. While we are dedicated to securing your personal information and our systems and the Vevo Service, you are responsible for securing and maintaining the privacy of your credentials (e.g., user name and password) and verifying that personal information we maintain about you is accurate and current. 9. Integration of Third Party Platforms and Services The Vevo Service may be linked to, rely on and/or be integrated with Third Party Platforms and other websites, applications, interfaces, services and/or platforms operated by other companies. The Vevo Service will also feature advertisements from third parties. Vevo is not responsible for the privacy practices of such websites, applications, interfaces, services and platforms operated by third parties that are linked to, rely on and/or integrated with the Vevo Service or for the privacy practices of third party advertising companies. Additionally, we are not responsible for protecting any personal information shared with a third party (e.g. OTT software platforms) through your use of the Vevo Service. 10. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies This section provides you with information about how Vevo uses cookies or similar technologies on the Vevo Services, and information about how third parties may use such technologies in connection with the operation of the Vevo Services. We may use cookies and similar technologies to enable us to understand how you interact with our products, to improve your experience, and to allow you to use certain features. Cookies are small text files that are placed in your browser or on your device. Cookies can either be persistent (i.e., they remain on your device until you delete them) or temporary (i.e., they last only until you close your browser or application).The Vevo Service may also use web beacons, pixels and other “tracking technologies”, which are small strings of code placed on a web page or in an email or advertisement. These technologies allow your browser or device to recognize and store certain types of information (such as cookies previously set, the time and date that you viewed the page with the beacon and a description of that page). We share the Device information we collect with third party service providers. We cannot reasonably identify you based on this Device information; however, these third party service providers may combine the information with their own data to make inferences about what ads may be relevant to you. For example, we share your IP address so that advertisers can determine which region you live in and provide you ads in the language of that region. We receive revenue for ads served on the Vevo Service. Sometimes we get paid only for the placement of those ads and sometimes we get paid based on how they perform, for example, how many times an advertisement was viewed. We generally use aggregate, statistical data to find out more about how well ad campaigns have performed, and we may provide the results of these studies with third party service providers. To find out more information about ads and your information contact us at Some web browsers have a setting that requests that a web application disable its tracking of an individual user (also known as a “Do Not Track” request). Unfortunately, due to technological limitations, our Vevo Service does not recognize such “Do Not Track” requests. The categories of cookies that may be used on the Vevo Services are as follows: Functionality cookies: These cookies allow the Vevo Service to remember the choices you make and your account preferences and to provide enhanced, more personal features. These cookies are set by us or by our third party service providers. Analytics / Performance cookies: These cookies allow us to measure and analyze how Vevo end users use the Vevo Services, so that we may improve the Vevo Service’s functionality and enhance your experience. User preference cookies: These cookies will remember your preferences (like your language or location), so we can make your experience as seamless as possible, and more personal to you. Targeting or advertising cookies: These cookies are set by us and our advertising partners to record your visit to the Vevo Service, the sections of the Vevo Service or pages you have visited and the advertisements you have viewed. These are used to deliver ads relevant to you, to limit the number of times that you see an ad and to help us measure the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. You may opt-out or delete cookies as follows: Opt-In/Opt-Out on the Vevo Connected Television App: You may opt-in or opt-out of the use of your information to personalize your ad experience on the Vevo Service delivered through the Vevo-branded connected television application by making the applicable selection in the “Settings” page of such application. Opt-Out on Your Browser: Most browsers allow you to manage cookies saved on your device. Please note that denying all or certain cookies may result in a less personalized experience on the Vevo Service. Opt-Out on a Mobile or Connected Television Device: Depending on your device and operating system, you may be able to reset your device's advertising identifier to limit this data collection or prevent the collection of usage data across unaffiliated applications for interest-based advertising purposes by accessing the privacy settings on your device. Each operating system and/or device may provide its own instructions on how to manage these settings – please see the privacy settings for your device for more information. Google Analytics: Some aspects of the Vevo Services may use Google Analytics to analyze traffic. You can find out more information about Google Analytics cookies by visiting https://developers.google.com/analytics/devguides/collection/analyticsjs/cookie-usage. To opt out of Google Analytics relating to your use of the Vevo Services, you can download and install the Browser Plugin available by visiting the following location provided: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. Nielsen: We and/or our advertising partners may use Nielsen’s measurement services, which contribute to market research. Nielsen’s pixel may be in some of the ads on the Vevo Service to track whether or not you viewed the ad and gather related information. Nielsen uses the data it collects to create ratings reports for advertisers and publishers. To learn more about the data Nielsen collects via such pixels and your choices, please see the Nielsen Digital Measurement Privacy Policy: https://www.nielsen.com/us/en/legal/privacy-statement/digital-measurement/.DAA / NAI Opt-Out: You may also be able to opt-out of the use of your data by certain third parties to serve interest-based advertising on certain websites or devices, by using the opt-out tools made available on the Digital Advertising Alliance’s DAA’s Consumer Choice Page: https://optout.aboutads.info and the Network Advertising Initiative’s ("NAI") website: https://optout.networkadvertising.org . Global Opt-Out: Some browsers or browser extensions also allow you to tell websites not to share your information for cross-contextual behavioral advertising through the “global privacy control” signal. We will respond to this signal in a frictionless manner. If you configure this setting on your browser, certain features on our site may not work and you will receive less targeted advertising. 11. Retention of Your Personal Information We access, retain, store and use personal information for the least amount of time necessary pursuant to our relationship with you (e.g., to provide you with or access to our products and services), in accordance with our data retention policies and applicable law. We do not collect more personal information than is necessary to fulfill our obligations to you or at law or for purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. 12. Privacy Policy Changes From time to time, we may modify this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives, third party requirements or changes in the law, technology, our information collection and use practices or the features and functionality of the Vevo Service, and such modifications shall be effective upon posting. When we change this Privacy Policy in a material way, we will, subject to technological restrictions, post a notice within the Vevo Service along with the updated Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Vevo Service after we post a revised Privacy Policy (and, where appropriate, notify you of same) signifies your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. It is therefore important that you review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes. We may continue to process your information based on our legitimate interests or in order to fulfill our obligations under a contract and/or may also seek your affirmative consent to the terms of the updated Privacy Policy. For example, we may ask for your consent before implementing new uses of the personal information that we’ve already collected from you based on such consent, if such new use was not addressed by the privacy policy under which such information was collected or if our legal basis for processing such information changes. 13. Accuracy of Information Provided It is your responsibility to give us current, complete, truthful and accurate information and to keep such information up to date. We cannot and will not be responsible for any problems or liability that may arise if you do not give us accurate, truthful or complete information or you fail to update such information. We will reject and delete any entry that we believe in good faith to be false, fraudulent or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy. 14. Contact Us If you have any questions about our privacy practices, how we handle your personal information or any of the terms or conditions of this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at: OR Mail: Vevo LLC Attn: Privacy Matters 151 W 42nd Street, 25th Floor New York, New York 10036 Although we urge you to contact us to find a solution for every concern you may have, you always have the right to lodge a complaint with your competent data protection authority. Privacy Policy Last Updated: 15th June 2023 LanguageMore 15. Data Storage, Transfer, Processing. Our operations are supported by a network of computers, cloud-based servers, and other infrastructure and information technology, including, but not limited to, third-party service providers. We and some of our subsidiaries and affiliates, servers, vendors and service providers may not be located in your jurisdiction and may be located outside of the European Economic Area and Switzerland. If you are an EU citizen or resident in the EU, we will transfer your personal information to the United States in accordance with EU data protection law requirements by using model contractual clauses that have been approved by the European Commission or other appropriate means. Please note that such transfers may also be necessary in order to perform our obligations under a contract with you, to fulfill a request made by you, to meet a legal or regulatory obligation and/or through obtaining your express consent. If you make transactions with parties outside the EEA or Switzerland or connect the Vevo Service with platforms outside the EEA or Switzerland, we are required to transfer your personal information with those parties in order to provide the Vevo Service to you. If you wish to gain more information about such transfers, please contact us at privacy@vevo.com .If you access the Vevo Service in any country outside the European Union, the data controller is Vevo LLC. If you access the Vevo Service in any country in the EU, the data controller is: Vevo (UK) Limited 3 Pancras Square, Third Floor London, N1C 4AG United Kingdom This document is the sole statement of the Vevo Service’s Privacy Policy and no summary, restatement or other version thereof, or other privacy statement or policy, in any form, including, without limitation, machine-generated, is valid. This Privacy Policy was last modified on the date indicated above and is effective immediately. Copyright © 2023 Vevo LLC © 2023 Vevo LLC, All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use ContactBrandCareersMore bottom of page We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By accepting and/or continuing to use this site, you agree to our use of such cookies. Learn more about how we use cookies.