Home Open search Data protection Statement of the joint controllers on the processing of personal data Elisa Oyj (business ID: 0116510-6, "Elisa") and Nordic Entertainment Group Sweden AB (business ID: 556304-7041, "NENT Group") and their group companies (hereafter collectively " we", "us", "our") jointly offer Elisa Viihde Viaplay to consumers in an arrangement where NENT Group produces a video-on-demand service and Elisa manages your customer relationship related to Elisa Viihde Viaplay. For this reason, we are joint controllers of your personal data as described in more detail below. This means that we determine together the purposes and means of processing your personal data. In this statement of the joint data controllers ("Description"), we describe the key parts of our joint data controller arrangement, such as the division of our roles in relation to how we process your personal data, and who you should contact if you want to exercise your rights. Please note that this Statement is a high-level description of the joint data controller arrangement between Elisa and NENT Group, and should not be considered a separate privacy statement. You can find more detailed information on how we process your personal data (including how long we keep your personal data and with whom we share it, your rights, etc.), Elisa's and NENT Group's privacy statements at the addresses: Elisa - https://elisa.fi/tietosuoja/ NENT Group - https ://viaplay.fi/privacy If you have any questions related to the content of this Statement, you can reach us using the contact information below. In order to fulfill our respective roles and offer you Elisa Viihde Viaplay in accordance with your expectations, both Elisa and NENT Group have access to your personal data and can process it for the purposes described in this Statement as follows: NENT Group is responsible for Elisa Viihde Viaplay's technical operations and all technical and product development, including without limitation hosting and streaming and other related services, which are needed to offer Elisa Viihde Viaplay to customers, and it processes personal data for these purposes. Elisa manages Elisa Viihde Viaplay's customer management, customer service, marketing, sales and invoicing, and it processes personal data for these purposes. Examples of our mutual arrangement in the processing of personal data: Purposes: A company that mainly processes personal data: Identification of the customer (for example, Elisa Viihde when logging into Viaplay)NENT GroupCustomizing contentNENT GroupEnsuring the technical functionality of the serviceNENT GroupHandling charges related to the service (managing invoices and payments)ElisaCorrecting technical errorsNENT GroupHandling complaints and complaintsElisaCommunicating with customers (for example, the service when informing about changes to be made or new features or new content)Elisa and NENT Group Personal data we process: For the purposes mentioned above, we process (where applicable) the following personal data (more information can be found in our aforementioned privacy statements): Personal data we receive from you: name, e-mail address, telephone number and address payment method information gender (usually no -required information) date of birth, citizenship information about communication when you contact us (call recording, emails, chat conversations, etc.) user information you want to provide for research purposes (for example, reviews) social media accounts (please note that this policy does not apply to the use of your social media accounts) usernames, and personal data created in connection with the use of our Services: information related to your use, such as viewing behavior, star markings, information collected with the help of navigation cookies about your visits to our services (you can find more information about cookies in our aforementioned privacy statements) Contact information and contact point for the arrangement: Elisa and NENT Group have a common procedure for managing registered rights. Elisa acts as the contact point for the arrangement regarding the processing of personal data and exercising your rights related to data protection in relation to Elisa Viihde Viaplay. Contact us: Customer Service, tel. 010 190 240, Our other contact details corporate.elisa.fi/tietoa-elisasta/yhttstiet . You can also file a complaint with the data protection officer's office ( https://tietosuoja.fi/etusivu ) *** Elisa Viihde Viaplay Read more Our partners Customers Information about elisa viihde viaplay contact us Finland (Finland) © 2023 Viaplay Group Sweden AB (org.no: 556304- 7041). All rights reserved. Cookies and Viaplay This site uses cookies to make it work as expected, offer you a better browsing experience, personalize content and analyze our traffic. The information we get can be about your preferences or your device and does not usually directly identify you. We use both first and third party cookies. You can read more about how we handle cookies in our Cookie Policy.In the Cookies Settings you can click on the different categories to make your choice on which cookies you want to allow. Please note that blocking cookies may affect how you view this site and your overall browsing experience. If you have visited this website before and accepted the use of cookies, you can always withdraw or delete these by navigating to the privacy settings in your browser. Cookie PolicyHome Open search Privacy and Viaplay We appreciate your trust in us. 1. Introduction Viaplay is a service provided by Viaplay Group Sweden AB (“Viaplay Group”), company ID: 556304-7041, address: PO Box 171 04, 104 62 Stockholm, Sweden. Viaplay Group is the data controller for the processing of personal data in accordance with this privacy statement (“ Statement ”), unless otherwise stated, and uses your personal data as described below. Your right to privacy is a priority in everything we do. Our goal is to offer you the best streaming service, with content tailored and personalized just for you. For this, we need to process your personal data, and in this Notice we explain to you transparently how it happens by collecting, storing, using and sharing your personal data. This Statement applies to you when you create and use your account on the Viaplay service, browse our websites and applications, participate in surveys, contests or user groups, subscribe to our newsletter or otherwise, when you connect with us through social media or using any of our other channels. We encourage you to read this Statement carefully. If you have any questions about the matters mentioned in this Statement or otherwise regarding our data protection work or the processing of cookies and other technologies, you can contact us via the contact information mentioned in section 8. If you have any questions about the Viaplay service or need help, we encourage you to contact the helpdesk or our customer service. 1.1 Minors You must be at least 18 years old to create a Viaplay account. We do not knowingly market to minors or collect personal information about them. Minors can only use Viaplay with a parent or legal guardian, under supervision and with approval. We strongly recommend that before children are allowed to use Viaplay, a parent or legal guardian creates a child profile that filters out any content deemed inappropriate for minors. 1.2 Third-party services, devices and links Please note that in some situations we are not the only ones processing your personal data when you enjoy Viaplay's content. For example, when you use Viaplay on your game console or smart TV, the company that supplies you with that console or TV can also process your personal data as an independent data controller without connection to what is written in this Statement. The same applies if you click on a link that takes you to a third-party website. In these cases, the respective data protection information of that company also applies to you. If you choose to use Viaplay through a third party (such as Apple Tv, etc.), you may be asked to share certain personal information with or from such third parties. You will receive information about possible data sharing before it takes place. You can find more information about third parties' access to your data in chapter 3. 2. How we process your personal data In this section, we explain how your personal data is used in order to provide you with Viaplay and relevant experiences, services and offers related to it, and to improve our services. Personal information refers to any information that can be linked to you either directly or indirectly. These may include, for example, your name, email address, phone number, credit card number, IP address, viewing history, and information about your interests and preferences. 2.1 What kind of personal data do we process and how do we collect the data? We can collect your personal information in several ways: 2.1.1 Information that you give us directly, for example by using Viaplay, by contacting our customer service, by participating in a competition or answering surveys name, email address, telephone number, home address, date of birth or age, payment information (see section 2.2.6 below) as well as other information that you provide in each profile when you create and/or manage your username, correspondence when you are in contact with us (recordings of calls, emails, chat, etc.), email address, home address or phone number when you sign up to receive our marketing communications, information that you provide when you participate to the competition, user information you choose to provide such as ratings, reviews and survey responses, information related to your social media account when you share content from Viaplay or contact us via social media (please note that you are also subject to the social media provider's own privacy policies when you use social media in your account), username and password. 2.1.2 Information that is generated when you use Viaplay When enjoying Viaplay's content, we may collect and further process your information about the use of the service. The collected data is processed based on, among other things, your behavior and combined with your user profile to provide a personalized experience.You can always create more user profiles so that everyone in your household who uses Viaplay has a customized profile (please note that anyone with access to your account has access to all user profiles). In addition, depending on your cookie settings, your browsing behavior on our platforms while you log out may be linked to you and used to provide you with a personalized experience when you log in (see section 2.2.1 below). Information generated from the use of Viaplay: information about the behavior of the user profile, such as viewing behavior, streaming history, "My list" content, at which point the user profile stopped playing (the function called "continue watching") and how the profile navigates the service, country of residence (the country you have registered with the service) and location (the country from which you access the content), other information collected using cookies or similar technologies from your visits to the Viaplay platforms. Some cookies used on Viaplay platforms may be used for marketing purposes (see section 2.2.3 to read more about marketing and you can get more information about our use of cookies here ), limited information about your social media account, such as your email address, when you share content from Viaplay on your social media (however, we do not use such information for any purpose) . 2.1.3 Information we share or obtain from external sources We sometimes share or obtain personal information from other sources. This sharing of information is necessary either for us or for the party sharing the information. For example: We share information within the group to achieve our business purposes and enable the marketing of our services in accordance with legal requirements. We share information with payment service providers and receive information from them so that you can pay for your subscription or other content that you buy or rent on Viaplay. We may need to share and receive information in order to provide you with access to Viaplay through one of our business partners, distributors or other third parties with whom Viaplay is integrated. We may collect information from authorities regarding, for example, legal claims that directly or indirectly affect us, if we have a legitimate interest in collecting that information. We share or disclose information that is not personal information, such as aggregated information, such as the total number of ad-related interactions or online conversions, to marketing platforms to understand the impact of Viaplay's electronic marketing campaigns. 2.2 For what purposes do we use your personal data and what legal basis do we use? We process your personal data for many purposes, all related to providing Viaplay to you. Each purpose of use is connected to a so-called legal basis, on the basis of which we process your personal data legally. The legal basis can be, for example, the execution of a contract, which means that we process your data to fulfill our contractual obligations, which arise, for example, when you accept our Terms and Conditions. We may also use a legitimate interest as a legal basis, which means that our basis for processing personal data is greater than the harm to your data protection rights. To do this, we always carry out a balancing test to ensure that we have considered and weighed the impact on data protection against the benefits in question. We will consider what is necessary and reasonably expected, but also how to minimize any impact on your data protection rights, for example by pseudonymizing the data whenever possible. If you object to the processing of your personal data based on our legitimate interest, you can contact us using the contact information in section 8 below. We may also occasionally ask for your consent to use your information. If the legal basis is consent, you will always be given the option to withdraw your consent at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of the consent-based processing prior to the withdrawal of consent. Finally, we may sometimes have a legal obligation to process your data. Below is a list of the different purposes for which we process your personal data and the legal basis applicable to each processing purpose. 2.2.1 Offering Viaplay We process your personal data in order to manage and offer Viaplay to you, such as: to identify you as a customer and/or user, to charge for the services you use (invoice and payment management) and to ensure recurring subscription payments, to ensure the technical functionality of Viaplay, to offer customized and personalized content based on to your viewing and browsing behavior and to other information you provide to us (read more about personalization here), to provide you with customer service, to fix faults and handle complaints you send to us, to notify you of changes to our services.Legal basis: Contract execution and legitimate interest 2.2.2 Improving Viaplay We process your personal data, such as information about how you use Viaplay, to develop and improve our services, for example: to compile various information such as viewing behavior into statistics for analytical needs, for example to see which content is popular and which is not, which functions can be improved and how to make browsing as user-friendly as possible, so that you can give feedback through various customer surveys (sometimes based on your viewing and behavior in Viaplay), for the reasons mentioned in the previous paragraph, but also to ensure that we meet customer expectations and can continue to increase customer satisfaction, and to understand, diagnose, search and to fix bugs in our services. Additionally, depending on your cookie settings, we may also use your log-out information for A/B and other website testing to improve website content and understand what works best for our visitors. In most cases, data analysis is performed based on pseudonymized data separated from your customer account. Legal basis: Legitimate interest and consent 2.2.3 Marketing We may use your email address, home address or telephone number to provide you with offers, news, recommendations, etc. to market our services or, when you have given your express consent, the services of our partners. We may provide you with personalized marketing based on your viewing behavior and how you have used our services in order to better tailor offers that may be of interest to you. We may also use your personal data when you decide to participate in our marketing campaigns, e.g. in connection with the "tell a friend" framework or similar. When you register with Viaplay, you will always be given the option to opt out of our marketing communications. If you no longer wish to receive marketing from us, you can notify us at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in each email message or by changing your settings under "Account Summary". Your personal data may also be used for electronic marketing purposes, for example to create segments or target groups or to send targeted marketing to you in social media and electronic advertising spaces either in accordance with our legitimate interest or applicable consent requirements. You can find more information about the consent requirements of the cookies we use in our Cookie Policy Legal basis: Legitimate interest or consent when required by applicable national law 2.2.4 Communication with you We process your personal data when we communicate with you, for example when you contact us by phone, email or social media chat or when you participate in surveys, competitions or usability tests we do. Such communications may be recorded and retained for training purposes, to improve communications and ensure quality, and to document what has been agreed with you. Remember that if you are in contact with us via social media, the social media information on the processing of personal data also applies. Our customer service is outsourced to professionals, which means that your personal data is processed by a company separate from ours when you communicate with us. We have contractually ensured that they process your personal data in accordance with our instructions in the same way as if we took care of customer service ourselves. You can find more information about who we can share your personal data with in section 3 below. Legal basis: Legitimate interest and contract execution 2.2.5 Preventing data breaches and misuse of our services and to exercise our right to prepare, present or defend a legal claim We process your personal data to ensure the security of all our services and to prevent various types of illegal or otherwise to detect or prevent use that violates our terms. We also process data to prevent misuse and to detect and prevent fraud, virus attacks, copyright infringements, etc. We may also process personal data to exercise the right to prepare, present or defend legal claims and other official claims before a court or other authority. For these purposes, we may request and store official documents.Legal grounds: Legitimate interest and contract enforcement 2.2.6 Processing of payment data for specified purposes We store the following credit card data: the first six and last four digits of your credit card number to assist you if you have forgotten your username, validity period so we can send you reminders when your credit card is about to expire and if you need to update card for Viaplay's service, the card's alias to identify whether the card in question has been used on another account, the issuing country, which is used for portability reasons to ensure your home country, as well as the card type and the last four digits of your credit card number to identify which of your payment cards is registered. Please note that your payment information is otherwise processed directly by our payment service providers, who are independent registrars of your personal data and process such information under their own applicable privacy policies, with the aim of charging you for our services and content. Legal grounds: Legitimate interest and statutory obligation 2.2.7 Complying with statutory obligations and requests from courts/authorities We also process your personal data when required by law, for example due to accounting obligations or when we are obliged to respond to requests from courts or other authorities. Legal basis: Statutory obligation 3. With whom do we share your personal data? Sometimes we need to share your personal information to achieve the purposes for which we collected it. For example, we may share your personal data with the following entities: Any of the companies belonging to our group, for example for marketing purposes and to develop new or existing services, External partners and suppliers, both inside and outside the EU/EEA (for more information, please see section 5), for example to assist in customer surveys, marketing, analysis and statistics, in certain customer communications, to provide information technology and other infrastructure, to manage credit and payment transactions, to protect property and rights and to guarantee the safety of customers and employees, Partners if you participate in surveys or contests on our services, Recipients such as law enforcement authorities or data protection authorities to respond to pending legal processes, such as injunctions, court orders or subpoenas, when required by statutory requirements, legislation or official decisions.Potential buyers of our business if we sell or negotiate the sale of our business to a buyer or potential buyer. We will always notify you before your information is transferred to the buyer or if it is subject to a different privacy policy, Third Party entities that place their cookie files or plugins on our website, in which case they can collect certain information about your use of the website and services (more information is available in our cookie policy). 4. How long do we keep your personal data? Your personal data will be stored as long as it is necessary to achieve the specific purposes for which the data was collected in accordance with the applicable legislation, after which they will be deleted or completely anonymized. In this section, you will find information about our different retention periods, which are detailed below. Please note that personal data may be processed even after the storage periods below, if the data is considered necessary to prepare, present or defend legal claims or complaints in a court or other authority. If this is the case, the personal data in question will be deleted immediately when the claim or complaint is legally binding. Information collected as part of your use of Viaplay: Information related to your account. This includes, among other things, details of your account such as login information, information about services and content purchased from Viaplay, user and viewing behavior, etc. We retain your personal information for the duration of your account. If you request the deletion of your account or your account is deleted due to your inactivity (see information below regarding inactivity), your personal data will be anonymized or deleted. Information related to crash logs and files. We process information about service errors and crashes to ensure the technical functionality of Viaplay. The data is processed for 3 months from the date of collection. Information about events and purchases. We process information about transactions related to your account and made in connection with purchases made through Viaplay for 10 years from the date of the transaction. Information collected to comply with our legal obligations and enforcement requests. When we process your personal data to comply with our legal obligations or enforcement requests, e.g.for accounting purposes, to prepare invoices, to respond to legal enforcement requests, orders, search warrants or subpoenas, we process your personal data for the period determined by applicable laws. Information collected through customer service or other contact. We process personal data collected in connection with responding to your questions, complaints and requests, including information contained in the content of messages sent to us, the time necessary to respond to a query, complaint or request, however for a maximum of 3 years in the case of logs and text dialogues and 1 month in the case of audio recordings. Information Collected When You Respond to Surveys . We process the information we have received from you when you have participated in a survey, including your answers to questions in various surveys sent by Viaplay regarding the Services, the validity period of your account, or as described from time to time depending on the survey. Information Collected When You Participate in Contests . We will process the information collected about you when you have entered the competition for 6 months after the competition. Information Collected When You Participate in Usability Testing . We process the information collected about you when you have participated in the testing for 12 months after the testing. Data processed for direct marketing purposes. When we process your personal data for direct marketing purposes, we retain the data until you request the termination of marketing activities or object to such processing. Data collected using cookie files or other technologies. We store the personal data of service users and website users (non-logged-in users) contained in cookie files for a period of time that corresponds to the life cycle of certain cookie files stored on your devices. Detailed information on the use of cookies can be found here. If you have been inactive in our services for 48 months, we will delete your account and the personal data it contains as described in this section. You will be considered inactive if you have not purchased content (such as a movie, pay per view, etc.), logged in or used Viaplay or your account in any way, either directly or through our partners, during the specified period. Please note that if you have purchased the rights to a movie or other content, your account will remain active as long as the license is valid. 5. Transfer to countries outside the EU/EEA We may share your personal data with partners, suppliers and subcontractors located outside the EU/EEA. In addition to the EU/EEA, the recipients of your personal data are located in, for example, Ukraine and the United States. Your information is stored on servers in the EU/EEA area, but our suppliers may have access to it in a regulated manner in the countries referred to. In such cases, we take special protective measures by conducting a detailed impact assessment of the transfers. If personal data is transferred to a country that has not been recognized by the European Commission as a country that guarantees an adequate level of personal data protection (list available here ), we will implement appropriate contractual, technical and organizational measures in addition to the standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission (you can obtain a copy of those clauses by contacting the below in accordance with section 8). 6. How do we protect your personal data? We protect your personal data with technical and organizational security measures, which we also require from our suppliers that we use in our business. We have strong policies regarding data retention, data security, access rights, etc. and we regularly train our staff on these issues. All payment transactions are encrypted using widely recognized technologies in the industry and are subject to the security standards of the Payment Card Industry (PCI) Security Standards Council. Your account is protected by, among other things, a password. We recommend that you update it regularly and do not use the same password as for other accounts and applications. 7. Your rights You have the following rights (if you want to exercise any of your rights, you can find our contact information in the next paragraph): the right to access data (excerpt from the register) – the right to receive confirmation that your data is being processed and information about the processing of your personal data, the right to correct data – the right to receive incorrect data corrected, right to data deletion – right to have data deleted in certain situations, right to restriction of processing – right to demand restriction of personal data processing, e.g.if you object to the correctness of the data, the right to object to processing – the right to object to processing based on a legitimate interest such as direct marketing, the right to data transfer – the right to request that personal data be transferred from us to another party (this right is limited to data that you yourself have provided to us); and the right to withdraw consent – ​​when the processing is based on your consent, you can withdraw it at any time, without affecting the legality of the processing before withdrawing the consent. If you believe that the processing of your personal data by us is not in accordance with data protection legislation, we ask that you inform us so that we can investigate the matter. You also have the right to complain to the supervisory authority in the member country where you live or work. The Finnish data protection authority's contact information is: Tietosuojavalutututut toimisto Address: PO Box 800, 00531 Helsinki Tel: 029 566 6768 (kirjaamo) E-mail: tietosuoja@om.fi Our leading supervisory authority is the Swedish data protection authority (more information here). 8. Contact information If you want to exercise your rights as described in section 7 above or you need help from our customer service, such requests should be sent to the address support@viaplay.fi If you have questions, comments or concerns regarding this Statement or how we process personal data, you can contact our data protection officer by email at: dpo@viaplaygroup.com . 9. Updates to this Statement We may occasionally update this Statement when necessary. If the changes regarding the processing of personal data are significant, we will notify you in a suitable way before the changes take effect, for example by sending you an email or a notification when you log in to Viaplay. We recommend that you read the information carefully and keep yourself up-to-date by reading this Statement regularly. This description was last updated on 11/11/2022 Thank you for taking the time to read this description! You can get more information about Viaplay Group's data protection work here. Elisa Viihde Viaplay Read more Our partners Customers Information about elisa viihde viaplay contact us Finland (Finland) © 2023 Viaplay Group Sweden AB (org.no: 556304-7041). All rights reserved. Cookies and Viaplay This site uses cookies to make it work as expected, offer you a better browsing experience, personalize content and analyze our traffic. The information we get can be about your preferences or your device and does not usually directly identify you. We use both first and third party cookies. You can read more about how we handle cookies in our Cookie Policy. In the Cookies Settings you can click on the different categories to make your choice on which cookies you want to allow. Please note that blocking cookies may affect how you view this site and your overall browsing experience. If you have visited this website before and accepted the use of cookies, you can always withdraw or delete these by navigating to the privacy settings in your browser. Cookie Policy