Home Open search Data protection and Viaplay We value your trust in us. 1. Introduction Viaplay is a service provided by Viaplay Group Sweden AB, organization number 556304-7041, (“Viaplay Group”) with address Box 171 04, 104 62 Stockholm, Sweden. Viaplay Group is the data controller for the processing of your personal data when you use Viaplay and will process your personal data as described below. Your right to privacy and your personal data is a priority for us in everything we do. Our goal is to bring you the best streaming service with content tailored and customized just for you. In order to do that, we need to process your personal data. Below we will explain to you in a transparent way how this is done, from the collection, storage, use and sharing of your personal data. This information applies to you who create and use a Viaplay account, visit our websites and applications, participate in surveys, competitions and user groups, sign up for our newsletter and when you communicate with us via social media or use any of our other channels for Viaplay. We encourage you to read this information carefully. If you have any questions about anything stated here or anything else related to our data protection work or the management of cookies and other technologies, please contact us using the contact information in section 8. For questions or assistance with the Viaplay service, please refer to our help desk or to our customer service. 1.1 Minors You must be at least 18 years old to create a Viaplay account. We do not knowingly market to, or collect personal information about, minors. Minors may only use Viaplay with the involvement, supervision and approval of a parent or guardian. Parents and guardians are recommended to create a child profile, which filters out any content deemed inappropriate for minors, before children are allowed to use Viaplay. 1.2 Services, devices and links from third parties In some situations, we are not the only ones who process your personal data when you consume Viaplay's content. If, for example, you use Viaplay on your game console or smart TV, the company that provides you with that console or TV may also process your personal data as an independent data controller, i.e. outside the scope of what is covered by Viaplay's personal data management. The same applies if you click on a link that takes you to a third-party website. In these cases, the company's corresponding data protection information will also apply to you. If you choose to use Viaplay through a third-party player (e.g. Apple TV etc), you may also be asked to share your personal data with or from such a third-party player. You can read more about who we can share your personal data with under point 3 below. 2. How we process your personal data In this section, we explain how your personal data is used so that we can provide you with Viaplay and related relevant experiences, services, offers - including our interest in improving the service. Personal data refers to all information that can be linked to you either directly or indirectly. This may include your name, email address, phone number, credit card number, IP address, viewing history, and information about interests and preferences. 2.1 What type of personal data do we process and how do we collect it? We can collect your personal data in several different ways: 2.1.1 Information that you yourself provide us with, for example when you use Viaplay, communicate with our customer service, participate in a competition or answer surveys; name, e-mail address, telephone number, home address, date of birth or age, payment details (see point 2.2.6 below) and other information that you provide under the respective profile when you create and/or update your user profile, correspondence when you contact us (recordings of phone calls, email, chat, etc.), email address, home address or phone number when you sign up to receive our marketing communications, information you provide when you enter one of our competitions, user information you choose to provide, to for example ratings of our films and series, reviews and responses to surveys, information when you contact us via social media (note that the social media provider's own privacy policies also apply to you when you act under your social media account), data related to your social media account when you share content from Viaplay or contact us via social media (note that social media's own privacy policies also apply to you when you act under your social media account), username and password. 2.1.2 Data generated when you use Viaplay When you use Viaplay, we collect and process data about your use of the service.The collected information is based, among other things, on how you act on the service and is linked to your specific user profile to give you a personalized experience. You can always create additional user profiles in order to have a customized profile for each person in your household who uses Viaplay (note that anyone with access to your account has access to all user profiles). In addition, depending on your cookie settings, your browsing behavior on our platforms while you are logged out can also be linked to you and used to provide you with a personalized experience when you log in (see further in section 2.2.1 below). Data generated through the use of Viaplay: Information about the behavior of the user profile, such as what you watch, streaming history, content in "My list", where you last stopped watching a certain content (which, among other things, is the basis for "continue watching" function) and how you navigate through the service, Information about the country from which you registered your account and from which country you consume content (the country from which you access Viaplay) Other data collected via cookies or similar technologies about your visits to Viaplay Platforms. Some cookies on Viaplay may be used for marketing purposes (read more in point 2.2.3 to learn more about marketing, as well as more about how we use cookies here). Limited information about your social media account, such as your email address, when you share content from Viaplay on your social media (however, we do not use this information). 2.1.3 Data that we share or receive from external sources Sometimes we both share and receive personal data from other sources. This sharing of data is necessary either for us or the actor who shares the data with us. The following are situations where we receive and share information: We share personal data with other companies within our group to achieve our business purposes and to market our services in accordance with current applicable legislation, We share and receive information from our payment service providers so that you can pay for your subscription or when you rent/purchase content on Viaplay, We may need to share and obtain information to provide you with access to Viaplay through any of our business partners, distributors and other third parties where Viaplay is provided; We may collect information if we have a legitimate interest in collecting such information from a court or authority, regarding e.g. a claim that directly or indirectly concerns us. We share or publish non-personal data, such as aggregate information regarding the total number of ad interactions and online conversions, with advertising platforms to understand the effectiveness of Viaplay's digital marketing campaigns. 2.2 For what purposes do we use your personal data and what legal basis do we use? We process your personal data for various purposes. Each purpose is linked to a so-called legal basis, which we rely on to legally process your personal data. A legal basis can be fulfillment of an agreement, which means that the processing is carried out by us to fulfill our contractual obligation towards you, which is created e.g. when you accept our general terms and conditions. We may also have a legitimate interest as a legal basis, which means that our purpose for processing personal data outweighs a restriction on the right to personal data in the individual case. In order to do so, we always carry out a balancing test to ensure that we have taken into account and weighed any privacy impact against the interest in question. We evaluate what is necessary and can be considered to correspond to your expectations and how any impact on the right to your personal data can be minimized, e.g. by always working with pseudonymisation where possible. If you object to your personal data being processed for any of our legitimate interests, you can contact us in accordance with section 8 below. We may also sometimes ask you for consent to use your data. You can withdraw your consent at any time in each individual case, without affecting the legality of the processing based on consent before it was withdrawn. Finally, we may sometimes have a legal obligation to process your data. Below is a description of the various purposes for which we process your personal data, including the applicable legal basis for such processing.2.2.1 Provision of Viaplay We process your personal data to administer and provide Viaplay to you, for example to: identify you as a customer and/or user, charge you for the services you use (administer invoices and payments) and carry out recurring subscription payments, ensure Viaplay's technical functionality, provide you with tailored and personalized content based on your viewing and browsing behavior, including other information you provide us (read more about personalization here ), provide customer service, fix errors and handle any complaints from you, notify you of changes in our services. Legal basis: Fulfillment of contract and legitimate interest 2.2.2 Improve Viaplay We process your personal data, such as information about how you use Viaplay, to develop and improve our services, for example by; compile different types of data, for example viewer behavior, to statistics for analytical needs, for example to see which content is liked or not on Viaplay, which functions can be improved and how the navigation on the service is as user-friendly as possible, give you the opportunity to provide feedback on our service through various customer surveys (sometimes based on your viewing and user behavior on Viaplay), and to understand, diagnose, troubleshoot and fix problems in our services. Additionally, as part of our efforts to improve the content of our website and understand what works best for our visitors, depending on your cookie settings, we may use data associated with your logged out experience to run A/B and other site tests in the in most cases, the analyzes are performed on pseudonymized data that is separate from your customer account. Legal basis: Legitimate interest and consent 2.2.3 Marketing We may use your email address, home address or telephone number to provide you with offers, news, recommendations, etc. to market our services, and where you have specifically consented to this, our partner services. We also do targeted marketing based on your viewing behavior and how you have used our services, to better tailor offers that may be of interest to you. We may also use your information when you choose to participate in one of our marketing campaigns, e.g. within the framework of our "Refer-a-friend" campaign or other similar campaigns. When you register on Viaplay, you always have the option to refuse marketing from us. In addition, you can notify us at any time if you no longer wish to receive marketing communications, by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link contained in each e-mail sent, or by changing the settings in your user account "My Account". Your personal data may also be used for digital marketing purposes, including to create segments, focus groups or to send you targeted advertisements on social media and digital advertising sites, either based on legitimate interest or applicable consent requirements. You can find more information about the consent requirements for cookies in our cookie policy. Legal basis: Legitimate interest or, if required by applicable law, consent 2.2.4 Communication with you We process your personal data when you communicate with us, for example when you contact us by phone, email and chat on social media or when you participate in surveys, contests or usability tests that we conduct. Such communications may be recorded and stored for training purposes, to improve our communications and for quality assurance, as well as to be able to document what has been agreed with you. Keep in mind that if you communicate with us via social media, such social media service's information on the processing of personal data also applies. Our customer service team is provided by one of our suppliers, which means that your personal data will be processed by a separate company, but on our behalf, when you communicate with us on customer service related matters. According to the agreement, our supplier may only handle personal data in accordance with our instructions and in the same way as if we handled the customer service ourselves. For more information about who we may share your personal data with, see section 3 below. Legal basis: Legitimate interest and performance of contract 2.2.5 Prevent security breaches and misuse of our services and exercise our right to establish, exercise or defend legal claims We process your personal data to maintain the security of all our services, to detect or prevent various types of illegal use of our services, or other use that otherwise violates our terms. We also process data to prevent abuse and to detect and prevent fraud, virus attacks, copyright infringement, etc.We may also process personal data to establish, exercise or defend legal and other official claims before a court or other authority. For these purposes, we can also request and access official documents. Legal basis: Legitimate interest and performance of contract 2.2.6 Process payment information for limited and defined purposes We process the following card data: the first six and last four digits of your card number to help you if you have forgotten your username, expiry date to send reminders when your payment card is about to expire if you need to update the card on Viaplay, card alias to identify if this card has been used by another account, country of issue for portability reasons - to confirm your home country, and card type and last four digits of your card number , so that you can identify which of your payment cards has been registered. Please note that your payment details are also processed directly by our payment service providers in order to charge you for our services and content. A payment service provider is an independent data controller of your personal data and processes such data according to its own applicable information on personal data processing, Legal basis: our legitimate interest and legal obligation 2.2.7 To comply with legal obligations and court/authority requests We process your personal data when we are obliged to do so by law, e.g. due to accounting obligations or requests from courts and other authorities. Legal basis: Legal obligation 3. Who do we share your personal data with? Sometimes it is necessary for us to share your personal data in order to achieve the purposes for which we have collected it. We may, for example, share your personal data with: companies within our group, for example for marketing purposes and for the development of new services or improvements to existing services; external partners and suppliers, both within and outside the EU/EEA (for more information on the transfer of personal data to third countries, see section 5 below), for example for: help with customer surveys, marketing efforts, analyzes and statistics, customer communications, provision of IT services and other infrastructure, manage credit and payment transactions, protect our rights and to ensure the security of our customers and employees; our partners if you participate in surveys or competitions within the framework of our services; or third parties when legal requirements, regulations or official decisions require it, e.g. to law enforcement or data protection authorities, to respond to legal process, such as search warrants, court orders or subpoenas, potential buyers of our business if we sell or negotiate to sell our business to such a buyer or potential buyer (we will always inform you of that in the event that your personal data is transferred to a buyer, or is subject to a different processing of personal data than described here), Third parties who place their cookies or plug-ins on our website, so that they can collect specific information about your use of the website and services (more information can be found in our cookie policy). 4. How long do we keep your personal data? Your personal data is stored for as long as is necessary to achieve the specific purposes for which the data was collected or as required by applicable law, after which the personal data is deleted or completely anonymized. In this section you will learn more about our different storage periods. Note that the storage periods below may be affected by whether the personal data is considered necessary to establish, exercise or defend legal and other official claims before a court or other authority, whereby the data is saved until such a procedure is completed. Data collected when you use Viaplay. Information about your account. This refers, for example, to your account information, such as username, password and information about services and movies you have purchased on Viaplay, user and viewer behavior, etc. We keep your personal data as long as you have an account at Viaplay. If you request to terminate your account or your account is deleted due to your inactivity (see more about inactivity below), your personal data will be anonymized or deleted. Data related to crash logs and files. We process information about errors and crashes in the service to ensure Viaplay's technical functionality. The data is processed for a period of 3 months from the collection date. Data on transactions and purchases. We process information about transactions related to your account and carried out in connection with purchases via Viaplay, for a period of 8 years after the transaction date. Information collected to comply with our legal obligations and in the event of requests for enforcement.If we process your personal data to comply with our legal obligations or enforcement requests, for example for accounting purposes, to issue invoices, respond to legal enforcement requests, arrest warrants, search warrants or subpoenas, we will process your personal data for the period indicated in applicable national law. Data collected via customer service or other communications with you. We save information about our communications with you, including the content of logs and messages, for example when we respond to your questions or any comments, for the period required to respond to the message and up to a period of 3 years. Recordings of phone calls are saved for 1 month. Data collected via surveys that you participate in. If you participate in a survey, we process your answers while you have an account at Viaplay. Information collected when you participate in competitions. We process information collected about you when you have participated in a competition for up to 6 months after the competition has ended. Data collected when you participate in usability testing. We process information collected about you when you have participated in usability tests for 12 months after completing the test. Data processed for direct marketing purposes. When we process your personal data for direct marketing purposes, we retain your data until you withdraw your consent or object to such processing. Data collected via cookies or other technology. We store personal data via cookies about logged-in and non-logged-in users for the period corresponding to the life cycle of the respective specific cookies stored on your devices. Information on how we use cookies can be found here. If you have been inactive on our Services for 48 months, we will delete your account and the personal data contained therein as described in this section. You are considered inactive if you have not purchased any content (for example a movie, pay per view etc), logged in or used Viaplay or your account in any way, either directly or through one of our partners, during the prescribed time period. Please note that if you have purchased the rights to a movie or other content, your account will be active during the license period. 5. Transfer to countries outside the EU/EEA We may need to share your personal data with partners, suppliers and subcontractors located outside the EU/EEA. In addition to the EU/EEA, recipients of your personal data are located in Ukraine and the USA, among others. In these cases, we take special protective measures, by carrying out a detailed impact assessment of the respective transfer. If the data is transferred to a country not recognized by the European Commission for ensuring an appropriate level of protection for personal data (list available here ), we implement appropriate contractual, technical and organizational measures in addition, where applicable, to the standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission (you can obtain a copy of these clauses by contacting us in accordance with section 8 below). 6. How do we protect your personal data? We protect your personal data through technical and organizational security measures that we also apply to the suppliers we use to conduct our business. We have strong policies in place regarding retention (how long we keep personal data), information security, access rights etc. and we regularly train our staff on these issues. All payment transactions are encrypted using generally recognized industry standards and are covered by the security standards of the PCI (Payment Card Industry) Security Standards Council. Your account is protected, among other things, by your password. We encourage you to update your password regularly, and not to use the same password for Viaplay as you use for other accounts, services and applications. 7. Your rights Below follows a description of the rights to your personal data that you have in relation to us. If you want to exercise any of your rights, you can contact us via the contact details in the next section. You have: right of access to your personal data (register extract) – a right to receive confirmation and information about your personal data processing, right to rectification – a right to have incorrect information corrected, right to deletion – a right to have data deleted under certain specific circumstances , right to restriction – a right to demand restriction of a personal data processing, for example if you object to the accuracy of the data, right to object – a right to object to processing based on legitimate interest, such as direct marketing; and the right to data portability – a right to demand that personal data be moved from us to another party (this right is limited to data that you have provided to us).If you believe that our processing of your personal data is not in accordance with applicable data protection legislation, please contact us so that we can investigate the matter. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the Member State where you reside or work. The Privacy Protection Agency in Sweden, which is also our responsible supervisory authority, can be contacted at: IntegritetsskyddsmyndighetenBox 8114104 20 Stockholm 8. Contact details If you want to exercise any of your rights according to point 7 above or need help from our customer service, please send your request to support@viaplay .se If you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding our data protection work and how we handle personal data, you are welcome to contact our data protection officer via e-mail at the following address: dpo@viaplaygroup.com 9. Updating this information We can update this information from time to time when deemed necessary. If we were to implement any change that is considered significant in relation to how we process your personal data, we will inform you in an appropriate way before the change comes into effect. We may do this by sending you an email or by providing a clear notice when you use Viaplay. We recommend that you read such information carefully and that you stay up-to-date by regularly returning to this information. This information was last updated on November 11, 2022. Thank you for taking the time to read about how we process your personal data! For more information on Viaplay Group's data protection work, see here. Viaplay Information Partner customers About us Follow us Sweden (Swedish) © 2023 Viaplay Group Sweden AB (org.no: 556304-7041). All rights reserved. Cookies and Viaplay This site uses cookies to make it work as expected, offer you a better browsing experience, personalize content and analyze our traffic. The information we get can be about your preferences or your device and does not usually directly identify you. We use both first and third party cookies. You can read more about how we handle cookies in our Cookie Policy. In the Cookies Settings you can click on the different categories to make your choice on which cookies you want to allow. Please note that blocking cookies may affect how you view this site and your overall browsing experience. If you have visited this website before and accepted the use of cookies, you can always withdraw or delete these by navigating to the privacy settings in your browser. Cookie Policy