Privacy Notice For California Residents applicability: The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”), the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 effective January 1, 2023 (“CPRA”), any other California privacy laws, and this CCPA Notice apply to visitors, employees, users, applicants for employment, and independent contractors, and others who are California residents (“consumers” or “you”). Any terms defined in the CCPA and CPRA have the same meaning when used in this CCPA Notice. This CCPA Notice applies to California residents’ Personal Information, which we collect directly or indirectly while using our service or in order to provide our Services, or employee and business-to-business Personal Information. This CCPA Notice is an integral part of our Privacy Policy, and thus, definitions used herein shall have the same meaning as defined in the Privacy Policy PART I: A COMPREHENSIVE DESCRIPTION OF THE INFORMATION PRACTICES: (A) CATEGORIES of PERSONAL information WE COLLECT We collect Personal Information which is defined under the CCPA as any information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household or device, all as detailed in the table below. Personal Information further includes Sensitive Personal Information (“SPI”) as detailed in the table below. Personal Information does not include: Publicly available information that is lawfully made available from government records, that a consumer has otherwise made available to the public; De-identified or aggregated consumer information; Information excluded from the CCPA’s or CPRA’s scope, such as: Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPPA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data; Personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA) and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994. We have collected the following categories of personal information within the last twelve (12) months: Category Example Collected A. Identifiers. A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers. Yes: online identifiers, IP address, unique identifiers, real name, email address, account name. B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)). A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories. Yes: name. C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law. Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information). No D. Commercial information. Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies. No E. Biometric information. Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data. No F. Internet or other similar network activity. Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement. Yes. G. Geolocation data. Physical location, approximate location derived from IP address or movements. Yes: approximate location. H. Sensory data. Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information. No I. Professional or employment-related information. Current or past job history or performance evaluations. No J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records. No K. Inferences drawn from other personal information. Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes. No L. Sensitive personal information. Government-issued identifying numbers, financial account details, genetic data, precise geolocation, race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, union membership, mail, email, text messages, biometric data, health data, and sexual orientation or sex life. No (B) categories of Sources of Personal Information · Directly and indirectly from activity on our website: For example, directly from you when you inquire about our Services via our website, or indirectly, we collect your usage data automatically from measurement tools. · Directly from you: For example, from forms you complete, contact us, requesting a demo, etc. · Indirectly from you: we track your activities across the internet, for example, when you view or interact with certain content, web page or ad. · From third-parties: For example, from vendors who assist us in performing services for consumers, advertising networks, internet service providers, data analytics providers, social networks, and data brokers. (C) USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION We may use the Personal Information collected as identified above, for the following purposes: To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the Personal Information (support, respond to a query, review the CV considered for a job posting, evaluating your qualifications for that position, etc.); monitor and improve our Services; provide the Services; marketing our Services; analyzing our Services and your use of the Services; respond to law enforcement; or otherwise as detailed in our Privacy Policy We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the Personal Information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice. (D) DISCLOSURES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR A BUSINESS PURPOSE We may disclose your Personal Information to a contractor or service provider for a business purpose. When we disclose Personal Information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract. We further restrict the contractor and service provider from selling or sharing your Personal Information. In the preceding twelve (12) months, we disclosed the following categories of Personal Information for a business purpose: Category (corresponding with the table above) Category of Recipient Business Purpose Category A Category B Category F Category G Cloud computing and storage vendors. Storage, hosting. Government Entities/Law Enforcement. Subject to a law request. Operating systems. Operating the Services. Category A Category F Category G Data analysis providers. Providing analytic data on the use of our Platform and Services. We limit the provider's ability to share such information, as detailed above. Category A Category F Category G Programmatic systems. Measurement and reporting Category A Category F Category G Marketing providers, CRM providers, social networks, advertising networks. Marketing which is not cross-contextual, ad delivery. Category A Category F Category G Security vendors Debugging, security, fraud prevention. Category A Category F Category G Various service providers Improving the Services, development and optimization. Category A Category B Customer support providers. Affiliated companies. Customer and technical support. 10 Category A Category F Category G Partners Reports on our Services (E) SALE OR SHARE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION In the preceding twelve (12) months, we do not “sell” information as most people would commonly understand that term, we do not, and will not, disclose your Personal Information in direct exchange for money or some other form of payment. We may “share” Personal Information for “interest-based advertising” or “cross-context behavioral advertising”. The CCPA defines “sharing” as “communicating orally, in writing, or by electronic or other means, a consumer’s personal information” to “a third party for cross-context behavioral advertising, whether or not for money or other valuable consideration”.In other words, we may share your Personal Information to help serve personalized content or ads that may be more relevant to your interests, and to perform other advertising-related services such as enabling our partners to serve such personalized content. In the preceding twelve (12) months, we “sell” or “share” the following categories of Personal Information for a business purpose: Category (corresponding with the table above) Category Recipient Purpose of Sale or Share Category A Category F Category G Ad-network Share for cross-context behavioral advertising. Category A Marketing and Analytics service providers Marketing and Analytics (F) CHILDREN UNDER AGE 16 We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 16. (G) DATA RETENTION In general, we retain the Personal Information we collect for as long as it remains necessary for the purposes set forth above, all under the applicable regulation, or until you will express your preference to opt-out, where applicable. The retention periods are determined according to the following criteria: (i) For as long as it remains necessary in order to achieve the purpose for which the Personal Information was initially processed. For example: if you contacted us, we will retain your contact information at least until we will address your inquiry. (ii) To comply with our regulatory obligations. For example: transactional data will be retained for up to seven years (or even more under certain circumstances) for compliance with our bookkeeping obligations purposes. (iii) To resolve a claim, we might have or a dispute with you, including any legal proceeding between us, until such dispute will be resolved, and following, if we find it necessary, in accordance with applicable statutory limitation periods. Online identifiers are usually kept for a few days. Other information usually will not be retained for more than 24-months. When we destroy your Personal Information, we do so in a way that prevents that information from being restored or reconstructed. PART II: EXPLANATION OF YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THE CCPA and how to exercise them (H) YOUR RIGHTS UNDER THE CCPA If you are a California resident, you may exercise certain privacy rights related to your Personal Information. You may exercise these rights free of charge except as otherwise permitted under applicable law. We may limit our response to your exercise of these privacy rights as permitted under applicable law, all as detailed herein and in the Data Subject Request Form available here California Privacy Right Details The right to know what Personal Information the business has collected. The right to know what Personal Information the business has collected about the consumer, including the categories of personal information, the categories of sources from which the Personal Information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting, selling, or sharing Personal Information, the categories of third parties to whom the business discloses Personal Information, and the specific pieces of Personal Information the business has collected about the consumer. Deletion Rights. The right to delete Personal Information that the business has collected from the consumer, subject to certain exceptions. Correct Inaccurate Information The right to correct inaccurate Personal Information that a business maintains about a consumer Opt-Out of Sharing for Cross-Contextual Behavioral Advertising You have the right to opt-out of the “sharing” of your personal information for “cross-contextual behavioral advertising,” often referred to as “interest-based advertising” or “targeted advertising”. Opt-out from selling the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of Personal Information by the business. Limit the Use or Disclosure of SPI Under certain circumstances, If the business uses or discloses SPI, the right to limit the use or disclosure of SPI by the business. Opt-Out of the Use of Automated Decision Making In certain circumstances, you have the right to opt-out of the use of automated decision making in relation to your Personal Information. Non-Discrimination The right not to receive discriminatory treatment by the business for the exercise of privacy rights conferred by the CCPA, including an employee’s, applicants, or independent contractor’s right not to be retaliated against for the exercise of their CCPA rights, denying a consumer goods or services, charging different prices or rates for goods or services, providing you a different level or quality of goods or services, etc. We may, however, charge different prices or rates, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to us by your Personal Information.Data Portability You may request to receive a copy of your Personal Information, including specific pieces of Personal Information, including, where applicable, to obtain a copy of the Personal Information you provided to us in a portable format. To learn more about your California privacy rights, please visit https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/privacy-laws (I) HOW CAN YOU EXERCISE THE RIGHTS? As a third-party business, we do not have a direct interaction with the end-user; however, we provide option to opt out of Sharing for Cross-Contextual Behavioral Advertising or Selling Personal Information by using the following opt-out options: · Use the “do not sell or share my information” through the first-party business, i.e., through the cookie consent manager presented on the website you are browsing. · Vidazoo is committed to providing consumers notice and choice regarding the Services. Vidazoo offers an “opt-out“ for those that wish to opt-out from our Services on our website by clicking: https://vidazoo.com/cookie-decleration · You may also opt out of certain third party cookies and browser-enabled, interest-based advertising at the Network Advertising Initiative’s such as: Digital Advertising Alliance (US) HERE Digital Advertising Alliance (Canada) HERE Digital Advertising Alliance (EU) HERE Network Advertising Initiative HERE · You can also opt-out of IBA with some of the service providers we use, such as Google HERE , Google Analytics HERE · California resident and wish to opt-out from having your data used for IBA, you may exercise your right here: https://optout.privacyrights.info/ · We also are able to affirmatively the Global Privacy Control preference. Other rights may be exercised by using the Data Subject Request Form available here , the Instructions for submitting, the general description of the process, verification requirements, when applicable, including any information the consumer or employee must provide are all detailed in the Data Subject Request Form available here (J) AUTHORIZED AGENTS “Authorized agents” may submit opt out requests on a consumer’s behalf. If you have elected to use an authorized agent, or if you are an authorized agent who would like to submit requests on behalf of a consumer, the following procedures will be required prior to acceptance of any requests by an authorized agent on behalf of a California consumer. Usually, we will accept requests from qualified third parties on behalf of other consumers, regardless of either the consumer or the authorized agent’s state of residence, provided that the third party successfully completes the following qualification procedures: a. When a consumer uses an authorized agent to submit a request to know or a request to delete, a business may require that the consumer do the following: 1. Provide the authorized agent signed permission to do so or power of attorney. 2. Verify their own identity directly with the business. 3. Directly confirm with the business that they provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request. b. A business may deny a request from an authorized agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by the consumer to act on their behalf. (K) NOTICE OF FINANCIAL INCENTIVE We do not offer financial incentives to consumers for providing Personal Information. CONTACT US: Vidazoo Ltd., 114 Yigal Alon St., Tel-Aviv, Israel 6744320. dpo@vidazoo.com UPDATES: This notice was last updated on August 8th, 2023, as required under the CCPA; we will update the CCPA Notice every 12 months. The last revision date will be reflected in the “Last Modified” heading at the top of this CCPA Notice. PART III: OTHER CALIFORNIA OBLIGATIONS Direct Marketing Requests: California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you, if you are a California resident, to request certain information regarding disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please use the Data Subject Request Form available here Do Not Track Settings: Cal. Bus. And Prof. Code Section 22575 also requires us to notify you how we deal with the “Do Not Track” settings in your browser. As of the effective date listed above, there is no commonly accepted response for Do Not Track signals initiated by browsers. Therefore, we so not respond to the Do Not Track settings. Do Not Track is a privacy preference you can set in your web browser to indicate that you do not want certain information about your web page visits tracked and collected across websites.For more details, including how to turn on Do Not Track, visit: www.donottrack.us California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83): permits employees that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send us the Data Subject Request Form available here 7d ago GitBookVidazoo Privacy Policy This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy” or “Policy”) describes how Vidazoo Ltd. which is part of the Perion Network Ltd group (“Vidazoo”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) collect, use and disclose certain information, including your personal information and the choices you can make about that information. Vidazoo operates a unique technology for displaying online video content through a multi-screen video player technology, as well as enrich the content by placing ads which are available through the Vidazoo ad bidding and serving marketplace (“Services”). The Services further includes the ad server platform which provides publishers, as applicable, with BI and analytic reports and enable the optimization of ad campaigns (“Platform”). This Privacy Policy which is incorporated by reference in our website Terms of Use and the Agreement (together the “Terms”), governs our processing practices when you merely visit and browse our website www.vidazoo.com ("website"), or when you, either a publisher, advertiser or other ad-network use our Services. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy a visitor, publisher, advertiser and ad network collectively shall be referred to as “you” unless the distinction is required. Vidazoo participates in the IAB Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with its Specifications and policies. Vidazoo’s vendor number within the framework is 744. Table of Contents 1 PRIVACY NOTICE 1.1 POLICY AMENDMENTS: 1.2 CONTACT INFORMATION AND DATA CONTROLLER INFORMATION: 1.3 DATA SETS WE COLLECT AND FOR WHAT PURPOSE: 1.4 OUR LEGITIMATE INTEREST CLAIM (DISCLOSURE AS REQUIRED BY TCF 2.2): 1.5 HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION: 1.6 COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES: 1.7 DATA SHARING – CATEGORIES OF RECIPIENTS WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA WITH: 1.8 DATA RETENTION: 1.9 SECURITY MEASURES: 1.10 INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFER: 1.11 USER RIGHTS 1.12 OPT OUT OPTIONS 1.13 ELIGIBILITY AND CHILDREN PRIVACY: 2 JURISDICTION-SPECIFIC NOTICES: 2.1 ADDITIONAL NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS 2.2 ADDITIONAL NOTICE TO COLORADO RESIDENTS 2.2.1 YOUR RIGHTS UNDER CPA: 2.2.2 HOW TO SUBMIT A REQUEST UNDER CPA? 2.3 ADDITIONAL NOTICE TO VIRGINIA RESIDENTS 2.3.1 HOW TO SUBMIT A REQUEST UNDER VCDPA? 2.4 ADDITIONAL NOTICE TO CONNECTICUT RESIDENTS 2.4.1 HOW TO SUBMIT A REQUEST UNDER CDPA? 2.5 ADDITIONAL NOTICE TO UTAH RESIDENTS (effective January 2024) 2.6 NOTICE TO NEVADA RESIDENTS 1 PRIVACY NOTICE 1.1 POLICY AMENDMENTS: We reserve the right to amend this Policy from time to time, at our sole discretion. The most recent version of the Policy will always be posted on the website. The updated date of the Policy will be reflected in the “Last Modified” heading. We will provide notice to you if these changes are material, and, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent. Any amendments to the Policy will become effective within 30-days upon the display of the modified Policy. We recommend you review this Policy periodically to ensure that you understand our most updated privacy practices. 1.2 CONTACT INFORMATION AND DATA CONTROLLER INFORMATION: Vidazoo Ltd. (a member of the Perion Network Ltd group) incorporated under the laws of Israel, and it is the controller of your Personal Data. You may contact us and our DPO as follows: ● By Email: dpo@vidazoo.com ● By Mail: 114 Yigal Alon St., Tel-Aviv, Israel 6744320. Representative for data subjects in the EU and UK Contact Information: We value your privacy and your rights as a data subject and have therefore appointed Prighter Group with its local partners as our privacy representative and your point of contact. Prighter gives you an easy way to exercise your privacy-related rights (e.g., requests to access or erase personal data). If you want to contact us via our representative, Prighter or make use of your data subject rights, please visit the following website. https://prighter.com/q/11106546394 -OR- If you need you can also use the email " rep_perion@prighter.com ". 1.3 DATA SETS WE COLLECT AND FOR WHAT PURPOSE: You can find here information regarding the purposes for which we process your personal data as well as our lawful basis for processing, the definition of “personal” and “non-personal” data, and how it is technically processed. Non-Personal Data During your interaction with our website and Services, we may collect aggregated, non-personal non-identifiable information, which may be made available or gathered via your access to and use of the Services (“Non-Personal Data “). We are not aware of the identity of the user from which the Non-Personal Data is collected.The Non-Personal Data being collected may include your aggregated usage information and technical information transmitted by your device, such as: the type of browser or device you use, language preference, time and date stamp, country location, etc. Personal Data We may also collect from you, directly or indirectly, during your access or interaction with the website or Services, individually identifiable information, namely information that identifies an individual or may, with reasonable effort, be used to identify an individual (“Personal Data”). The types of Personal Data that we collect as well as the purpose for processing and the lawfulness are specified in the table below. We do not knowingly collect or process any Personal Data constituting or revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning a person's health or data concerning a person’s sex life or sexual orientation (“Special Categories of Personal Data”). The table below details the processing of Personal Data, the purpose, lawful basis, and processing operations: DATA SET PURPOSE AND OPERATIONS LAWFUL BASIS WEBSITE Online Identifiers and Usage Data: When you access our website, we collect certain online identifiers such as: IP address, cookie ID, agent ID, unique identifiers (“Online Identifiers”). We use tools, pixels and cookies, provided by third party analytic and marketing providers which collect online behavior data, insights and segments on website visitors so that we can detect if you are a potential partner. This data includes your click stream data, which sites your visited, which pages you viewed on our website, etc. (“Usage Data”). The Usage Data is usually connected to an Online Identifier. Maintaining the Website, Marketing and Analytics: First party cookies are strictly necessary and are used to enable the operation of the website. Third party cookies collect the Online Identifiers to provide us with analytic and marketing services. We use Usage Data for our marketing purpose and for identifying potential partners and prospects. We process the Online Identifiers and Usage Data through third party cookies based on consent which is provided through the cookie notice and consent manager. You may withdraw consent at any time by using the cookie preference settings available in the Cookie Declaration First party cookies are strictly necessary and processing of Online Identifiers is subject to our legitimate interest. Contact Information: If you voluntarily contact us, you may be required to provide us with certain information such as your name, job title, company name, email address (“Contact Information”) and any additional information you decide to share with us. Further, when you sign up to our newsletter you will be requested to provide yiur email address. Newsletter Registration or Respond to a Quary: We will use your email in order to send you our newsletter and other marketing materials. We will use this data to respond to your inquiry. We process such Contact Information subject to our legitimate interest. We may keep such correspondence if we are legally required to. You may opt-out at any time from the newsletter through the “unsubscribe” link within the email. Job Application Information: In the event you apply for a position posted on our website and submit your CV we will process the information included in the CV and the application form, including name, email address and phone number, employment history and education. Also, where allowed or required by law, we may process diversity and inclusion data regarding your candidacy, such as, ethnic, gender, or any disability. In addition, we may collect further information from public and online sources, referees, and former employers and combine such data with your other data (“Candidate Information”). Recruitment: We will use this information to process your job application and for recruitment purposes. Further, we may process your information in order to comply with corporate governance and legal and regulatory requirements (including the retention of such information). We may use third parties’ services and platforms to manage the recruitment process, for more information please see www.perion.com/privacy-policy/ We process such information subject to our legitimate interest. If we process sensitive data to ensure diversity, we will do so upon your explicit consent, which you may withdraw at any time by contacting us. Further, if we reject your application, we will delete the Candidate Information, unless we have requested your consent to keep you information for a future opportunity or if we are required by law. White Paper “Blueprints”: In order to download the blueprints available on the website you will be required to provide contact information such as name, email address, and company name.We will use this information to provide you with the whitepaper. We process such information subject to contract necessity in order to provide you and send the whitepaper. ADVERTISERS AND PUBLISHERS Account: When the publisher uses our Service, they will create an account or be designated with an account, from which you may use the Service and review the reports. The account information includes you Contact Information, billing information, access logs and usage data (such as the time and date the account was accessed the duration). Account information is processed solely to provide the Services. Processed for the purpose of fulfilling our contract obligations with. Usage data is used to fix errors and for our legitimate interest in improving our services. Email Address, Invoices: we will send publishers’ invoices, materials and marketing content through the email information you provided during your onboarding. Direct Marketing: We will use this information to keep you updated with offers and content such as updates, new capabilities and features, and to send you invoices and supporting documentation. We process such information subject to our legitimate interest. You can opt-out at any time, however certain content (such as invoices) will still be sent. Information Provided Through Support: If you contact us for support, we will process your Contact Information and any other information you provide us with Support: We process the information solely to provide you with the technical support needed. Processed for the purpose of fulfilling our contract obligations with. End User Data: End users, are individuals browsing publishers’ assets and views advertisers’ ads (“End User”), we process certain information on End Users (“End User Data”): identifiers, unique identifier, IP address, Privacy or Preference String, TCF sting, the URL the End User is browsing, the interaction with the ads or the publisher assets (viewed, clicked, etc.), country level location extracted from the IP, type of browser, language, type of device and other technical data. Deliver and display contextual content and advertising, reporting and measurements: We use the End User Data to place contextual content, which is not advertisement. We share the End User Data with the advertisers so that they are able to display relevant advertisement to you. We use the End User Data We use the aggregated End User Data to provide our publishers with insights and reports regarding their campaigns, meaning aggregated measurements and reporting. We process the End User Data upon consent provided through the consent string, TCF string. Otherwise, the aggregated data is used in our legitimate interest in providing the Service, and conducting research for improving the Service, all as detailed in the Legitimate Interest Claim below. In certain aspects of our Service, we act as the “data processor” or “service provider”, in which we will rely on our publishers to obtain the necessary lawful basis for processing the end user personal data. We place First Party Session Cookies on publishers’ website or app where our player is placed. These cookies collect certain end user data, as detailed in the “ cookie policy ”, these session cookies do not create profiles or preference, merely tells us how the end user engages with the ads and webpage. In certain cases, we will not use “cookies” but rather other technologies that provide similar services. Every user that interacts with our Platform will be assigned with a unique ID ("Unified ID"). The Unified ID will enable us to customize the Service and content as well as enhance your experience. We may use services of Hadron ID, LiveRamp, Lotame, SharedID, 33Across The Trade Desk, Criteo, ID5 Technology Limited and Intent IQ LLC in order to generate the Unified ID. For more information, please review: The 33Across Privacy Policy the Lotame Solutions Inc Privacy Policy the Criteo Privacy Policy the Prebid.org, Inc Privacy Policy the LiveRamp Privacy Policy the Predictive Pop Inc. Privacy Policy and the Intent IQ Privacy Policy Please note that the actual processing operation per each purpose of use and lawful basis detailed in the table above may differ. Such processing operation usually includes a set of operations made by automated means, such as collection, storage, use, disclosure by transmission, erasure, or destruction. The transfer of personal data to third-party countries, as further detailed in the Data Transfer Section, is based on the same lawful basis as stipulated in the table above. In addition, we may use certain Personal Data to prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities, fraud, misappropriation, infringements, identity thefts, and any other misuse of the Services and to enforce the Terms, as well as to protect the security or integrity of our databases and the Services, and to take precautions against legal liability.Such processing is based on our legitimate interests. We may collect different categories of Personal Data and Non-Personal Data from you, depending on the nature of your interaction with the Services provided through the website and Platform, as detailed above. If we combine Personal Data with Non-Personal Data, the combined information will be treated as Personal Data or for as long as it remains combined. 1.4 OUR LEGITIMATE INTEREST CLAIM (DISCLOSURE AS REQUIRED BY TCF 2.2): In addition to the information provided in the section above, we want to take a moment to explain the legitimate interest at stake when we process End User Data, as it directly impacts the services we provide to our publishers and advertisers. In most cases when we, or our publisher, deliver interest based, cross contextual advertisements that cater to your interests and preferences, we will base the processing of Personal Data on consent, as detailed in the table above, and transfer your preference to our publishers and advertisers. However, when we use certain data, which includes Personal Data such as Online Identifiers, for improving the services, or technically delivering the ads, we do so based on our legitimate interest is essential to the sustainability of our platform and services. This processing should be expected by End Users. We understand that privacy is of utmost importance, and we are committed to protecting your rights. We adhere to applicable privacy standards and regulations, provide transparent information about our data processing practices, and you have the ability to control your preferences and opt out. We want to assure you that we conduct a careful balancing test to ensure that our legitimate interest does not unduly infringe upon your rights and freedoms. 1.5 HOW WE COLLECT YOUR INFORMATION: Depending on the nature of your interaction with us, we may collect the above detailed information from you, as follows: · Automatically, when you visit our website or interact with our Platform, including through the use of Cookies (as detailed below) and similar tracking technologies. · When you voluntarily choose to provide us with information, such as when you contact us, all as detailed in this Policy. · Provided from third-parties, such as our publishers, applicable cookie management platforms and etc. 1.6 COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES: We use “cookies” (or similar tracking technologies) when you access our website. The use of cookies is a standard industry-wide practice. A “cookie” is a small piece of information that a website assigns and stores on your computer while you are viewing a website. Cookies can be used for various purposes, including allowing you to navigate between pages efficiently, as well as for statistical purposes, analytic purposes and marketing. You can find more information about our use of cookies here: cookie declaration. 1.7 DATA SHARING – CATEGORIES OF RECIPIENTS WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA WITH: We share your data with third parties, including our advertisers and publishers or service providers that help us provide our Services. You can find here information about the categories of such third-party recipients. CATEGORY OF RECIPIENT DATA THAT WILL BE SHARED PURPOSE OF SHARING Advertisers End User Data Enabling the advertisers to display ads or content that best suit such web-page, as a part of our Services. Publishers As part of our Services, we provide our publishers with reports that includes measurements data of ads and other information on how effective the campaign is, the applicable revenues, the number of views or clicks the ad generated and where, etc. Third Party Fraud detection providers These service providers ensure the End Users’ are actual individuals and not fraudulent traffic. Service Providers All data We may disclose Personal Data to our service providers, contractors and third parties, including, but not limited to, our cloud and hosting provider, analytics and marketing providers, payment processors, recruitment providers, CRM systems, Salesforce, etc., the service providers are limited by contracts which limit their use of the data, and requires implementing security measures. The service providers process the data solely to provide the needed services. These entities are prohibited from using your Personal Data for any purposes other than providing us with requested services. Any acquirer of our business All data We may share Personal Data, in the event of a corporate transaction (e.g., sale of a substantial part of our business, merger, consolidation or asset sale). In the event of the above, our affiliated companies or acquiring company will assume the rights and obligations as described in this Policy. Governmental agencies, or authorized third parties. Subject to law enforcement authority request.We may disclose certain data to law enforcement, governmental agencies, or authorized third parties, in response to a verified request relating to terror acts, criminal investigations or alleged illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us, you, or any other user to legal liability, and solely to the extent necessary to comply with such purpose. When we share information with services providers, publishers and advertisers, we ensure they only have access to such information that is strictly necessary for us to provide the Services. These parties are required to secure the data they receive and to use the data for pre-agreed purposes only while ensuring compliance with all applicable data protection regulations (such service providers may use other non-personal data for their own benefit). 1.8 DATA RETENTION: In general, we retain the Personal Data we collect for as long as it remains necessary for the purposes set forth above, all under the applicable regulation, or until you express your preference to optout, where applicable. Other circumstances in which we will retain your Personal Information for longer periods of time include: (i) where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, regulatory, tax, or accounting requirements, or (ii) for us to have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges, or (iii) if we reasonably believe there is a prospect of litigation relating to your Personal Data. Please note that except as required by applicable law, we will not be obligated to retain your data for any particular period, and we may delete it for any reason and at any time, without providing you with prior notice if our intention to do so. 1.9 SECURITY MEASURES: We work hard to protect the Personal Data we process from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction. We have implemented physical, technical, and administrative security measures for the Services that comply with applicable laws and industry, such as encryption using SSL, we minimize the amount of data that we store on our servers, restricting access to Personal Data to Vidazoo employees, contractors, and agents, etc. as we further explain in our Security Policy . Note that we cannot be held responsible for unauthorized or unintended access beyond our control, and we make no warranty, express, implied, or otherwise, that we will always be able to prevent such access. Please contact us at : dpo@vidazoo.com if you feel that your privacy was not dealt with properly, in a way that was in breach of our Privacy Policy, or if you become aware of a third party's attempt to gain unauthorized access to any of your Personal Data. We will make a reasonable effort to notify you and the appropriate authorities (if required by applicable law) in the event that we discover a security incident related to your Personal Data. 1.10 INTERNATIONAL DATA TRANSFER: Our data servers in which we host and store the information are located in the US and Ireland AWS. The Company’s HQ are based in Israel in which we may access the information stored on such servers or other systems such as the Company’s ERP, CRM, Salesforce, and other systems. In the event that we need to transfer your Personal Data out of your jurisdiction, we will take appropriate measures to ensure that your Personal Data receives an adequate level of protection as required under applicable law. Furthermore, when Personal Data that is collected within the European Economic Area ("EEA") is transferred outside of the EEA to a country that has not received an adequacy decision from the European Commission, we will take necessary steps in order to ensure that sufficient safeguards are provided during the transferring of such Personal Data, in accordance with the provision of the standard contractual clauses approved by the European Union. Thus, we will obtain contractual commitments or assurances from the data importer to protect your Personal Information, using contractual protections that EEA and UK regulators have pre-approved to ensure your data is protected (known as standard contract clauses), or rely on adequacy decisions issued by the European Commission. Some of these assurances are well-recognized certification schemes. 1.11 USER RIGHTS We acknowledge that different people have different privacy concerns and preferences. Our goal is to be clear about what information we collect so that you can make meaningful choices about how it is used. We allow you to exercise certain choices, rights, and controls in connection with your information. Depending on your relationship with us, your jurisdiction and the applicable data protection laws that apply to you, you have the right to control and request certain limitations or rights to be executed. You may exercise any or all of your above rights in relation to your Personal Data by filling out the Data Subject Request (“DSR”) form available here .Certain rights can be easily executed independently by you without the need to fill out the DSR Form: · You can correct the Contact Information, payment information or Account Information at any time, through the account settings; · You can you can opt-out from receiving our emails by clicking “unsubscribe” link; · You can withdraw consent for processing Online Identifiers and Behavior Data, for analytics or marketing purposes, at any time be using the cookie settings on the website. You have the right to lodge a complaint with the EU Member State supervisory authority if you are not satisfied with the way in which we handled the complaint. For additional rights under various jurisdictions, please refer to Section ‎2 “JURISDICTION-SPECIFIC NOTICES” herein below. 1.12 OPT OUT OPTIONS Interest-Based Advertising ("IBA"): We do not sell your Personal Data. We may “share” your Personal Data with third parties for personalized advertising purposes. If you wish to opt-out from the sharing of your personal data with third parties for the purpose of cross-contextual interest-based advertising there are many way to do so, as further detailed below. Please note that even if you opt-out you may still see personalized ads based on information other companies and ad networks have collected about you, if you have not opted out of sharing with them. For IBA opt out options on desktop and mobile websites, please visit: · Digital Advertising Alliance (US) https://www.aboutads.info/choices/ · Digital Advertising Alliance (Canada) https://youradchoices.ca/en/tools · Digital Advertising Alliance (EU) https://www.youronlinechoices.com/ · Network Advertising Initiative https://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1 Further, on every webpage or app you browse there are “cookie settings” through which you may opt out. Additional information on opt-out rights and means are available through our DSR form 1.13 ELIGIBILITY AND CHILDREN PRIVACY: The Services are not intended for use by children (the phrase "child" shall mean an individual that is under the age defined by applicable law, which concerning the EEA is under the age of 16, and with respect to the US, under the age of 13), and we do not knowingly process children's information. We will discard any information we receive from a user that is considered a "child" immediately upon discovering that such a user shared information with us. Please contact us at: dpo@vidazoo.com if you have reason to believe that a child has shared any information with us. 2 JURISDICTION-SPECIFIC NOTICES: 2.1 ADDITIONAL NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS This section applies only to California residents. Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) effective November 2020, and as amended by the CPRA, effective January 1, 2023. Please see the CCPA Privacy Notice which discloses the categories of personal information collected, purpose of processing, source, categories of recipients with whom the personal information is shared for a business purpose, whether the personal information is sole or shared, the retention period, and how to exercise your rights as a California resident. 2.2 ADDITIONAL NOTICE TO COLORADO RESIDENTS Under the Colorado Privacy Act (“CPA”) if you are a resident of Colorado, acting only as an individual or household context (and not in a commercial or employment context, as a job applicant or as a beneficiary of someone acting in an employment context), your rights with respect to your personal data are described below. “Personal Data” as defined in the CPA means: “ information that is linked or reasonably linkable to an identified or identifiable individual” and does not include any of the following: publicly available information, de-identified or aggregated consumer, and information excluded from the CPA scope, such as: Health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPPA) or 42 CFR Part 2- “Confidentiality Of Substance Use Disorder Patient Records”, Personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FRCA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or and the Driver’s Privacy Protection Act of 1994, Children’s Online Policy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974, national Security Exchange Act of 1934, higher education data and employment data. Sensitive Data includes (i) racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health condition or diagnosis, sex life or sexual orientation; (ii) Genetic or biometric data that can be processed to uniquely identify an individual; or (iii) child data. We do not process or collect any sensitive data.Section 1.3 “DATA SETS WE COLLECT AND FOR WHAT PURPOSE” of the Privacy Policy, we describe our collection and processing of personal data, the categories of personal data that are collected or processed, and the purposes. Additionally, in Section 1.7 “DATA SHARING – CATEGORIES OF RECIPIENTS WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA WITH” details the categories of third-parties the controller shares for business purposes. 2.2.1 YOUR RIGHTS UNDER CPA: Herein below, we will detail how consumers can exercise their rights, and appeal such decision, or if Vidazoo sells the personal data, or sells the personal data for advertising and how to opt-out. Right to Access/ Right to Know You have the right to confirm whether and know the Personal Data we collected on you You can exercise your right by reviewing this Privacy Policy, in case you would like to receive the Personal Data please fill in this form to receive a copy of your data Right to Correction You have the right to correct inaccuracies in your Personal Data, taking into account the nature of the Personal Data and the purposes of the processing of your Personal Data. You can exercise this right directly through your account or by filling in this form Right to Deletion You have the right to delete the Personal Data, this right is not absolute and in certain circumstances we may deny such request. We may deny your deletion request, in full or in part, if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) for any of the following reasons: (1) Complete the transaction for which we collected the Personal Data, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you; (2) Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities; (3) Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality; (4) Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law; (5) Comply with the law or legal obligation; (6) Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent; (7) Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us; (8) Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it. We will delete or de-identify personal information not subject to one of these exceptions from our records and will direct our processors to take similar action. If you would like to delete your Personal Data please fill in this form You do not need to create an account with us to submit a request to know or delete. Right to Portability You have the right to obtain the personal data in a portable, and to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format that allows you to transmit the data to another entity without hindrance. If you would like to receive the Personal Data please fill in this form to receive a copy of your data we will select a format to provide your Personal Data that is readily usable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance. Right to opt out from selling Personal Data You have the right to opt out of the sale of your Personal Data for the purposes of targeted advertising, sale to a third party for monetary gain, or for profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you or any other consumer. You may authorize another person acting on your behalf to opt out, including by broad technical tools, such as DAA, NAI, etc. Vidazoo does not sell your personal information, so we do not offer an opt out. Vidazoo may “share” personal information with third parties for personalized advertising purposes. You may indicate your choice to opt-out of the sharing of your personal data with third parties for personalized advertising on third party sites as detailed in Section ‎1.12 OPT OUT OPTIONS. To opt out from the use of cookies on our website, please click the “do not sell or share my personal information” in the footer of the website which will enable you to customize the use of cookies on our website. Right to opt out from Targeted Advertising Right to opt out from Profiling We do not profile you, thus we do not need to provide an opt-out.Right to Appeal If we decline to take action on your request, we shall so inform you without undue delay, within 45 days of receipt of your request. The notification will include a justification for declining to take action and instructions on how you may appeal. Not more than 60 days after receipt of an appeal we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reason for the decisions. Duty not to violet the existing laws against discrimination or non-discrimination Such discrimination may include denying a good or service, providing a different level or quality of service, or charging different prices. We do not discriminate our users. 2.2.2 HOW TO SUBMIT A REQUEST UNDER CPA? Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a request to know or delete related to your Personal Data. If the DSR is submitted by someone other than the consumer about whom information is being requested, proof of authorization (such as power of attorney or probate documents) will be required. We will respond to your request within 45 days after receipt of a verifiable Consumer Request and for no more than twice in a twelve-month period. We reserve the right to extend the response time by an additional 45 days when reasonably necessary and provided consumer notification of the extension is made within the first 45 days. If we refuse to take action on a request, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period time by contacting us at dpo@vidazoo.com and specifying you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint as follows: Colorado AG at https://coag.gov/file-complaint/ If you have an account with us, we may deliver our written response to that account or via email at our sole discretion. If you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option. You do not need to create an account for submitting a request. Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of your request. The response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. 2.3 ADDITIONAL NOTICE TO VIRGINIA RESIDENTS Under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, as amended (“VCDPA”) if you are a resident of Virginia acting in an individual or household context (and not in an employment or commercial context), you have the following rights with respect to your Personal Data. "Personal data" means any information that is linked or reasonably linkable to an identified or identifiable natural person. "Personal data" does not include de-identified data or publicly available information. Personal Data does not include de-identified data or publicly available data, and information excluded from the scope such as: HIPAA, GBPA, non-profit entities, higher education, employment data and FCRA, Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994, Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, Farm Credit Act. The VCDPA requires Vidazoo discloses the Categories of data processing and the purpose of each category, as detailed in Section 1.3 “DATA SETS WE COLLECT AND FOR WHAT PURPOSE” of the Privacy Policy, the categories of data shared and the third parties with whom it is shared, as detailed in Section 1.7 “DATA SHARING – CATEGORIES OF RECIPIENTS WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA WITH”. Disclosure of sale of data or targeted advertising are detailed in Section ‎1.12 OPT OUT OPTIONS above, and in the DSR Form . Further, the table above under Section 2.2 “ADDITIONAL NOTICE TO COLORADO RESIDENTS” details the rights you have under VCDPA and how you may exercise your rights. 2.3.1 HOW TO SUBMIT AN APPEAL UNDER VCDPA? We shall respond to your request within 45 days of receipt. We reserve the right to extend the response time by an additional 45 days when reasonably necessary and provided consumer notification of the extension is made within the first 45 days. If we refuse to take action on a request, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period time by contacting us at dpo@vidazoo.com and specifying you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint as follows: Virginia Attorney General at https://www.oag.state.va.us/consumercomplaintform We shall provide information in response to your request free of charge, up to twice annually, unless requests are manifestly unfounded, excessive or repetitive.If we are unable to authenticate your request using commercially reasonable efforts, we may request additional information reasonably necessary to authenticate you and your request. If we cannot authenticate you and your request we will not be able to grant your request. 2.4 ADDITIONAL NOTICE TO CONNECTICUT RESIDENTS Under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act, Public Act. No. 22-14 (the “CDPA”) if you are a resident of Connecticut, acting in an individual or household context (and not in a commercial or employment context or as a representative of business, non-profit or governmental entity), your rights with respect to your personal data are described below. "Personal data" means any information that is linked or reasonably linkable to an identified or identifiable individual. It does not include de-identified data or publicly available information. If further does not include information excluded from the scope such as: HIPAA, GBPA, non-profit entities, higher education, employment data and FCRA, Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994, Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, Farm Credit Act. The categories of personal data processed, purpose of processing, are detailed in Section 1.3 “DATA SETS WE COLLECT AND FOR WHAT PURPOSE”, categories of personal data shared with third parties, categories of third parties with whom data is shared, are detailed in Section 1.7 “DATA SHARING – CATEGORIES OF RECIPIENTS WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA WITH”. Disclosure of sale of data or targeted advertising are detailed in Section ‎1.12 OPT OUT OPTIONS above, and in the DSR Form Instructions on how to exercise your rights are detailed in the table above under Section 2.2 “ADDITIONAL NOTICE TO COLORADO RESIDENTS” details the rights you have under CDPA and how you may exercise your rights. 2.4.1 HOW TO SUBMIT AN APPEAL UNDER CDPA? We shall respond to your request within 45 days of receipt. The response period may be extended once by 45 additional days when reasonably necessary, taking into account the complexity and number of requests and we inform you of such extension within the initial 45 days response period, together with the reason for the extension. If we decline to take action on your request, we shall so inform you without undue delay, within 45 days of receipt of your request. The notification will include a justification for declining to take action and instructions on how you may appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If the appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to the Connecticut Attorney General at link: https://www.dir.ct.gov/ag/complaint/ or (860) 808-5318. We shall provide information in response to your request free of charge, up to twice annually, unless requests are manifestly unfounded, excessive or repetitive. If we are unable to authenticate your request using commercially reasonable efforts, we may request additional information reasonably necessary to authenticate you and your request. If we cannot authenticate you and your request, we will not be able to grant your request. 2.5 ADDITIONAL NOTICE TO UTAH RESIDENTS (effective January 2024) Under the Utah Consumer Privacy Act (the “UCPA”) if you are a resident of Utah, acting in an individual or household context (and not in a commercial or employment context) your rights with respect to your personal data are described below. “Personal Data" refers that is linked or reasonably linkable to an identifiable individual, and does not include de-identified data and publicly available data. The categories of personal data processed, purpose of processing, are detailed in Section 1.3 “DATA SETS WE COLLECT AND FOR WHAT PURPOSE”, categories of personal data shared with third parties, categories of third parties with whom data is shared, are detailed in Section 1.7 “DATA SHARING – CATEGORIES OF RECIPIENTS WE SHARE PERSONAL DATA WITH”. Disclosure of sale of data or targeted advertising are detailed in Section ‎1.12 OPT OUT OPTIONS above, and in the DSR Form Further, the table above under Section 2.2 “ADDITIONAL NOTICE TO COLORADO RESIDENTS” details the rights you have under CDPA and how you may exercise your rights. 2.6 NOTICE TO NEVADA RESIDENTS Nevada law allows Nevada residents to opt out of the sale of certain types of personal information. Subject to several exceptions, Nevada law defines “sale” to mean the exchange of certain types of personal information for monetary consideration to another person. We currently do not sell personal information as defined in the Nevada law. However, if you are a Nevada resident, you still may submit a verified request to opt out of sales and will record your instructions and incorporate them in the future if our policy changes. You may send opt-out requests to dpo@vidazoo.com.20d ago GitBookReddit Privacy Policy At Reddit, we believe that privacy is a right. We want to empower our users to be the masters of their identity. In this privacy policy, we want to help you understand how and why Reddit, Inc. ("Reddit,” "we” or "us”) collects, uses, and shares information about you when you use our sites, mobile apps, widgets, and other online products and services (collectively, the "Services") or when you otherwise interact with us or receive a communication from us. We collect minimal information that can be used to identify you by default. If you want to just browse, you don't need an account. If you want to create an account to participate in a subreddit, we don't require you to give us your real name. We don't automatically track your precise location. You can share as much or as little about yourself as you want. You can create multiple accounts, update information as you see fit, or ask us to delete your information. Any data we collect is used primarily to provide our services, which are focused on allowing people to come together and form communities, the vast majority of which are public. If you have questions about how we use your data, you can always ask us for more information. What Information We Collect Information You Provide to Us We collect information you provide to us directly when you use the Services. This includes: Account information You don't need an account to use Reddit. If you create a Reddit account, your account will have a username, which you provide or which was automatically generated. Your username is public, and it doesn't have to be related to your real name. You may need to provide a password, depending on whether you register using an email address, using a Single Sign-On (SSO) feature (such as Apple or Google), or phone number. If your account does not have a password, we may send you an email or SMS for verification purposes. When you use Reddit, you may provide other optional information. We may ask you to select interests (e.g. history, nature, sports) to help create a home feed for you or to select communities (e.g. r/technology) to join. You may also provide other information, such as a bio, gender, age, location, or profile picture. This information is optional and may be removed at any time. We also store your user account preferences and settings. We may ask for such information prior to you creating a username or account to help improve your experience exploring Reddit. Content you submit We collect the content you submit to the Services. This includes your posts and comments including saved drafts, audio and videos you broadcast, your messages with other users (e.g., private messages, chats, and modmail), and your reports and other communications with moderators and with us. Your content may include text, links, images, gifs, audio, and videos. Actions you take We collect information about the actions you take when using the Services. This includes your interactions with content, like voting, saving, hiding, and reporting. It also includes your interactions with other users, such as following, friending, and blocking. We collect your interactions with communities, like your subscriptions or moderator status. Transactional information If you purchase products or services from us (e.g., Reddit Premium or Reddit Coins), we will collect certain information from you, including your name, address, email address, phone number, and information about the product or service you are purchasing. Reddit may collect public blockchain addresses, such as when you purchase an NFT or when a Reddit Vault is created. Reddit uses industry-standard payment processor services (for example, Stripe) to handle payment information and does not store Reddit Vault private key information. Other information You may choose to provide other information to us. For example, we may collect information when you fill out a form, participate in Reddit-sponsored programs, activities or promotions, apply for a job, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us. Information We Collect Automatically When you access or use our Services, we may also automatically collect information about you. This includes: Log and usage data We may log information when you access and use the Services. This may include your IP address, user-agent string, browser type, operating system, referral URLs, device information (e.g., device IDs), device settings, mobile carrier name, pages visited, links clicked, the requested URL, and search terms.Except for the IP address used to create your account, Reddit will delete any IP addresses collected after 100 days. Information collected from cookies and similar technologies We may receive information from cookies, which are pieces of data your browser stores and sends back to us when making requests, and similar technologies. We use this information to deliver and maintain our services and our site, improve your experience, understand user activity, personalize content and advertisements, measure the effectiveness of advertising, and improve the quality of our Services. For example, we store and retrieve information about your preferred language and other settings. See our Cookie Notice for more information about how Reddit uses cookies. For more information on how you can disable cookies, please see "Your Choices” below. Location information We may receive and process information about your location. We may receive location information from you when you choose to share such information on our Services, including by associating your content with a location, or we may derive an approximate location based on your IP address. Information Collected from Other Sources We may receive information about you from other sources, including from other users and third parties, and combine that information with the other information we have about you. For example, we may receive demographic or interest information about you from third parties, including advertisers (such as the fact that an advertiser is interested in showing you an ad), and combine it with data you have provided to Reddit, using a common account identifier such as a hash of an email address or a mobile-device ID. You can control how we use this information to personalize the Services for you by visiting the Safety & Privacy section of the User Settings menu in your account, as described in the section titled "Your Rights and Choices” below. Linked services If you authorize or link a third-party service (e.g., an unofficial mobile app client) to access your Reddit account, Reddit receives information about your use of that service when it uses that authorization. Linking services may also cause the other service to send us information about your account with that service. For example, if you sign in to Reddit with a third-party identity provider, that provider may share an email address with us. To learn how information is shared with linked services, see "How Information About You Is Shared” below. Information collected from integrations We also may receive information about you, including log and usage data and cookie information, from third-party sites that integrate our Services, including our embeds and advertising technology. For example, when you visit a site that uses Reddit embeds , we may receive information about the web page you visited. Similarly, if an advertiser incorporates Reddit's ad technology, Reddit may receive limited information about your activity on the advertiser's site or app, such as whether you bought something from the advertiser. You can control how we use this information to personalize the Services for you as described in "Your Choices - Controlling Advertising and Analytics” below. Information Collected by Third Parties Embedded content Reddit displays some linked content in-line on the Reddit services via "embeds.” For example, Reddit posts that link to YouTube or Twitter may load the linked video or tweet within Reddit directly from those services to your device so you don't have to leave Reddit to see it. In general, Reddit does not control how third-party services collect data when they serve you their content directly via these embeds. As a result, embedded content is not covered by this privacy policy but by the policies of the service from which the content is embedded. Audience measurement We partner with service providers that perform audience measurement to learn demographic information about the population that uses Reddit. To provide this demographic information, these companies collect cookie information to recognize your device. Information Collected from Advertisers and Potential Advertisers If you use Reddit Ads (Reddit's self-serve ads platform at ads.reddit.com) we collect some additional information. To sign up for Reddit Ads, you must provide your name, email address, and information about your company. If you purchase advertising services, you will need to provide transactional information as described above, and we may also require additional documentation to verify your identity.When using Reddit Ads, we may record a session replay of your visit for customer service, troubleshooting, and usability research purposes. How We Use Information We use information about you to: Provide, maintain, and improve the Services;Personalize services, content, and features that match your activities, preferences, and settings.Help protect the safety of Reddit and our users, which includes blocking suspected spammers, addressing abuse, and enforcing the Reddit User Agreement and our other policies;Provide, optimize, target, and measure the effectiveness of ads shown on our Services; Research and develop new services;Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, invoices, and other support and administrative messages;Provide customer service;Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, and events, and provide other news and information we think will be of interest to you (for information about how to opt out of these communications, see "Your Choices” below); andMonitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Services. How We Share Information Much of the information on the Services is public and accessible to everyone, even without an account. By using the Services, you are directing us to share this information publicly and freely. When you submit content (including a post, comment, or chat message) to a public part of the Services, any visitors to and users of our Services will be able to see that content, the username associated with the content, and the date and time you originally submitted the content. Reddit allows other sites to embed public Reddit content via our embed tools. Reddit also allows third parties to access public Reddit content via the Reddit API and other similar technologies. Although some parts of the Services may be private or quarantined, they may become public (e.g., at the moderator's option in the case of private communities) and you should take that into consideration before posting to the Services. Your Reddit account has a profile page that is public. Your profile contains information about your activities on the Services, such as your username, prior posts and comments, karma, awards received, trophies, moderator status, Reddit Premium status, and how long you have been a member of the Services. You can also choose for your profile to include the content you upvote and downvote. We offer social sharing features that let you share content or actions you take on our Services with other media. Your use of these features enables the sharing of certain information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these social sharing features (e.g., Tumblr , Facebook , and Twitter ). We do not sell your personal information. However, in addition to the personal information that is displayed publicly as described above, we may share personal information in the following ways: . With your consent. We may share information about you with your consent or at your direction. With linked services. If you link your Reddit account with a third-party service, Reddit will share the information you authorize with that third-party service. You can control this sharing as described in "Your Rights and Choices" below. With our service providers. We may share information with vendors, consultants, and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work for us. Their use of personal data will be subject to appropriate confidentiality and security measures. A few examples: (i) payment processors who process transactions on our behalf, (ii) cloud providers who host our data and our services, (iii) third-party ads measurement providers who help us and advertisers measure the performance of ads shown on our Services. To comply with the law. We may share information in response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, including, but not limited to, meeting national security or law enforcement requirements. To the extent the law allows it, we will attempt to provide you with prior notice before disclosing your information in response to such a request. Our Transparency Report has additional information about how we respond to government requests. In an emergency. We may share information if we believe it's necessary to prevent imminent and serious bodily harm to a person. To enforce our policies and rights.We may share information if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our User Agreement , rules , or other Reddit policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of ourselves and others. With our affiliates. We may share information between and among Reddit, and any of our parents, affiliates, subsidiaries, and other companies under common control and ownership. Aggregated or de-identified information. We may share information about you that has been aggregated or anonymized such that it cannot reasonably be used to identify you. For example, we may show the total number of times a post has been upvoted without identifying who the visitors were, or we may tell an advertiser how many people saw their ad. How We Protect Your Information We take measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. For example, we use HTTPS while information is being transmitted. We also enforce technical and administrative access controls to limit which of our employees have access to nonpublic personal information. You can help maintain the security of your account by configuring two-factor authentication . We store the information we collect for as long as it is necessary for the purpose(s) for which we originally collected it. We may retain certain information for legitimate business purposes or as required by law. Your Rights and Choices You have choices about how to protect and limit the collection, use, and sharing of information about you when you use the Services. Depending on where you live, you may also have the right to request access to or ability to port, deletion/erasure of, or correction/rectification of, your personal information, to opt out of certain advertising practices, or to withdraw consent for processing where you have previously provided consent. Below we explain how to exercise each of these rights. Reddit does not discriminate against users for exercising their rights under data protection laws. Accessing and Changing Your Information You can access your information and change or correct certain information through the Services. See our Help Center page for more information. You can also request a copy of the personal information Reddit maintains about you by following the process described here . Deleting Your Account You may delete your account information at any time from the user preferences page. You can also submit a request to delete the personal information Reddit maintains about you by following the process described below this table. When you delete your account, your profile is no longer visible to other users and disassociated from content you posted under that account. Please note, however, that the posts, comments, and messages you submitted prior to deleting your account will still be visible to others unless you first delete the specific content. After you submit a request to delete your account, it may take up to 90 days for our purge script to complete deletion. We may also retain certain information about you as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. Controlling Linked Services' Access to Your Account You can review the services you have permitted to access your account and revoke access to individual services by visiting your account's Apps page (for third-party app authorizations) and the Connected Accounts section of your Account Settings (for Google Sign-In, Sign in with Apple, and connected Twitter accounts). Opt Out of Targeted Advertising You may opt out of us using information we collect from third parties, including advertising partners, to personalize the ads you see on Reddit. To do so, visit the Safety & Privacy section of the User Settings in your account here , if using desktop, and in your Account Settings if using the Reddit mobile app. Controlling the Use of Cookies Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject first- and third-party cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Services. For more information on controlling how cookies and similar technologies are used on Reddit, see our Cookie Notice . Controlling Advertising and Analytics Some analytics providers we partner with may provide specific opt-out mechanisms and we may provide, as needed and as available, additional tools and third-party services that allow you to better understand cookies and how you can opt out.For example, you may manage the use and collection of certain information by Google Analytics via the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on . You can opt out of the Audience Measurement services provided by Nielsen and Quantcast . You may also generally opt out of receiving personalized advertisements from certain third-party advertisers and ad networks. To learn more about these advertisements or to opt out, please visit the sites of the Digital Advertising Alliance and the Network Advertising Initiative , or if you are a user in the European Economic Area, Your Online Choices . Do Not Track Most modern web browsers give you the option to send a Do Not Track signal to the sites you visit, indicating that you do not wish to be tracked. However, there is no accepted standard for how a site should respond to this signal, and we do not take any action in response to this signal. Instead, in addition to publicly available third-party tools, we offer you the choices described in this policy to manage the collection and use of information about you. Controlling Promotional Communications You may opt out of receiving some or all categories of promotional communications from us by following the instructions in those communications or by updating your email options in your account preferences here . If you opt out of promotional communications, we may still send you non-promotional communications, such as information about your account or your use of the Services. Controlling Mobile Notifications With your consent, we may send promotional and non-promotional push notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device. Controlling Location Information You can control how we use location information inferred from your IP address for content recommendation purposes via the Safety and Privacy settings on your account. If you have questions or are not able to submit a request to exercise your rights using the mechanisms above, you may also email us at to redditdatarequests@reddit.com from the email address that you have verified with your Reddit account, or submit them here . Before we process a request from you about your personal information, we need to verify the request via your access to your Reddit account or to a verified email address associated with your Reddit account. If we deny your request, you may appeal our decision by contacting us at redditdatarequests@reddit.com . Additional Information for EEA Users Users in the European Economic Area have the right to request access to, rectification of, or erasure of their personal data; to data portability in certain circumstances; to request restriction of processing; to object to processing; and to withdraw consent for processing where they have previously provided consent. These rights can be exercised as described in the "Your Rights and Choices section above. EEA users also have the right to lodge a complaint with their local supervisory authority. As required by applicable law, we collect and process information about individuals in the EEA only where we have a legal basis for doing so. Our legal bases depend on the Services you use and how you use them. We process your information on the following legal bases: You have consented for us to do so for a specific purpose; We need to process the information to provide you the Services, including to operate the Services, provide customer support and personalized features and to protect the safety and security of the Services; It satisfies a legitimate interest (which is not overridden by your data protection interests), such as preventing fraud, ensuring network and information security, enforcing our rules and policies, protecting our legal rights and interests, research and development, personalizing the Services, and marketing and promoting the Services; or We need to process your information to comply with our legal obligations. International Data Transfers Reddit, Inc. is based in the United States and we process and store information on servers located in the United States. We may store information on servers and equipment in other countries depending on a variety of factors, including the locations of our users and service providers. By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing, transfer, and storage of information in and to the U.S.and other countries, where you may not have the same rights as you do under local law. When we transfer the personal data of users in the EEA, UK and/or Switzerland, we rely on the Standard Contractual Clauses approved by the European Commission for such transfers or other transfer mechanisms deemed ‘adequate' under applicable laws. Additional Information for California Users The California Consumer Privacy Act ("CCPA”), as amended, requires us to provide California residents with some additional information, which we address in this section. In the last 12 months, we collected the following categories of personal information from California residents, depending on the Services used: Identifiers, like your Reddit username, email address, IP address, and cookie information. Commercial information, including information about transactions you undertake with us. Internet or other electronic network activity information, such as information about your activity on our Services and limited information about your activity on the services of advertisers who use our advertising technology. Geolocation information based on your IP address, or more specific location information if you authorize your device to provide it to us. Your messages with other users (e.g., private messages, chats, and modmail). Audiovisual information in pictures, audio, or video content submitted to Reddit. Professional or employment-related information or demographic information, but only if you explicitly provide it to us, such as by applying for a job or filling out a survey. Inferences we make based on other collected data, for purposes such as recommending content, advertising, and analytics. You can find more information about (a) what we collect and sources of that information in the "Information We Collect” section of this notice, (b) the business and commercial purposes for collecting that information in the "How We Use Your Information” section, and (c) the categories of third parties with whom we share that information in the "How We Share Information” section. If you are a California resident, you have additional rights under the CCPA, including the right to opt out of any sales or sharing of your personal information, to request access to and information about our data practices, and to request deletion or correction of your personal information, as well as the right not to be discriminated against for exercising your privacy rights. Reddit does not "sell” or "share” personal information as those terms are defined under the CCPA. We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information except to provide you the Services or as otherwise permitted by the CCPA. You may exercise your rights to access, delete, or correct your personal information as described in the "Your Rights and Choices” section of this notice. When you make a request, we will verify your identity by asking you to sign into your account or if necessary by requesting additional information from you. You may also make a rights request using an authorized agent. If you submit a rights request from an authorized agent who does not provide a valid power of attorney, we may ask the authorized agent to provide proof that you gave the agent signed permission to submit the request to exercise rights on your behalf. In the absence of a valid power of attorney, we may also require you to verify your own identity directly with us or confirm to us that you otherwise provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request. If you have any questions or concerns, you may reach us using the methods described under Your Rights and Choices or by emailing us at redditdatarequests@reddit.com . Children Children under the age of 13 are not allowed to create an account or otherwise use the Services. Additionally, if you are located outside the United States, you must be over the age required by the laws of your country to create an account or otherwise use the Services, or we need to have obtained verifiable consent from your parent or legal guardian. Changes to This Policy We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do, we will let you know by revising the date at the top of the policy. If the changes, in our sole discretion, are material, we may also notify you by sending an email to the address associated with your account (if you have chosen to provide an email address) or by otherwise providing notice through our Services. We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy regularly to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.By continuing to use our Services after Privacy Policy changes go into effect, you agree to be bound by the revised policy. Contact Us If you have other questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: Reddit, Inc. 548 Market St. #16093 San Francisco, California 94104 For email inquiries, please contact us here . Or at: Reddit Ireland Limited Attn: Reddit EU Data Inquiries Georges Quay Plaza, Floor 2 - 101, Dublin D02 F856 IrelandPrivacy Policy Effective August 11, 2020 Our Privacy Policy has been updated. Your Privacy Matters LinkedIn’s mission is to connect the world’s professionals to allow them to be more productive and successful. Central to this mission is our commitment to be transparent about the data we collect about you, how it is used and with whom it is shared. This Privacy Policy applies when you use our Services (described below). We offer our users choices about the data we collect, use and share as described in this Privacy Policy, Cookie Policy , Settings and our Help Center. Choices Settings are available to Members of LinkedIn and Visitors are provided separate controls. Learn More . Table of Contents Introduction We are a social network and online platform for professionals. People use our Services to find and be found for business opportunities, to connect with others and find information. Our Privacy Policy applies to any Member or Our registered users (“Members”) share their professional identities, engage with their network, exchange knowledge and professional insights, post and view relevant content, learn and develop skills, and find business and career opportunities. Content and data on some of our Services is viewable to non-members (“Visitors”). We use the term “Designated Countries” to refer to countries in the European Union (EU), European Economic Area (EEA), and Switzerland. Services This Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Policy applies to your use of our Services. This Privacy Policy applies to LinkedIn.com, LinkedIn-branded apps, LinkedIn Learning and other LinkedIn-related sites, apps, communications and services (“Services”), including off-site Services, such as our ad services and the “Apply with LinkedIn” and “Share with LinkedIn” plugins, but excluding services that state that they are offered under a different privacy policy. For California residents, additional disclosures required by California law may be found in our California Privacy Disclosure . Data Controllers and Contracting Parties If you are in the “Designated Countries”, LinkedIn Ireland Unlimited Company (“LinkedIn Ireland”) will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with our Services. If you are outside of the Designated Countries, LinkedIn Corporation will be the controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with, our Services. As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and other documents referenced in this Privacy Policy, as well as updates. Change Changes to the Privacy Policy apply to your use of our Services after the “effective date.” LinkedIn (“we” or “us”) can modify this Privacy Policy, and if we make material changes to it, we will provide notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. If you object to any changes, you may close your account. You acknowledge that your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Privacy Policy means that the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to the updated Privacy Policy, as of its effective date. 1. Data We Collect 1.1 Data You Provide To Us You provide data to create an account with us. Registration To create an account you need to provide data including your name, email address and/or mobile number, and a password. If you register for a premium Service, you will need to provide payment (e.g., credit card) and billing information. You create your LinkedIn profile (a complete profile helps you get the most from our Services). Profile You have choices about the information on your profile, such as your education, work experience, skills, photo, city or area and endorsements. You don’t have to provide additional information on your profile; however, profile information helps you to get more from our Services, including helping recruiters and business opportunities find you. It’s your choice whether to include sensitive information on your profile and to make that sensitive information public. Please do not post or add personal data to your profile that you would not want to be publicly available. You give other data to us, such as by syncing your address book or calendar. Posting and Uploading We collect personal data from you when you provide, post or upload it to our Services, such as when you fill out a form, (e.g., with demographic data or salary ), respond to a survey, or submit a resume or fill out a job application on our Services.If you opt to import your address book, we receive your contacts (including contact information your service provider(s) or app automatically added to your address book when you communicated with addresses or numbers not already in your list). If you sync your contacts or calendars with our Services, we will collect your address book and calendar meeting information to keep growing your network by suggesting connections for you and others, and by providing information about events, e.g. times, places, attendees and contacts. You don’t have to post or upload personal data; though if you don’t, it may limit your ability to grow and engage with your network over our Services. 1.2 Data From Others Others may post or write about you. Content and News You and others may post content that includes information about you (as part of articles, posts, comments, videos) on our Services. We also may collect public information about you, such as professional-related news and accomplishments, and make it available as part of our Services, including, as permitted by your settings, in notifications to others of mentions in the news . Others may sync their contacts or calendar with our Services Contact and Calendar Information We receive personal data (including contact information) about you when others import or sync their contacts or calendar with our Services, associate their contacts with Member profiles, scan and upload business cards, or send messages using our Services (including invites or connection requests). If you or others opt-in to sync email accounts with our Services, we will also collect “email header” information that we can associate with Member profiles. Customers and partners may provide data to us. Partners We receive personal data (e.g., your job title and work email address) about you when you use the services of our customers and partners, such as employers or prospective employers and applicant tracking systems providing us job application data. Related Companies and Other Services We receive data about you when you use some of the other services provided by us or our affiliates , including Microsoft. For example, you may choose to send us information about your contacts in Microsoft apps and services, such as Outlook, for improved professional networking activities on our Services 1.3 Service Use We log your visits and use of our Services, including mobile apps. We log usage data when you visit or otherwise use our Services, including our sites, app and platform technology, such as when you view or click on content (e.g., learning video) or ads (on or off our sites and apps), perform a search, install or update one of our mobile apps, share articles or apply for jobs. We use log-ins, cookies, device information and internet protocol (“IP”) addresses to identify you and log your use. 1.4 Cookies and Similar Technologies We collect data through cookies and similar technologies. As further described in our Cookie Policy , we use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., pixels and ad tags) to collect data (e.g., device IDs) to recognize you and your device(s) on, off and across different services and devices where you have engaged with our Services. We also allow some others to use cookies as described in our Cookie Policy. If you are outside the Designated Countries, we also collect (or rely on others who collect) information about your device where you have not engaged with our Services (e.g., ad ID, IP address, operating system and browser information) so we can provide our Members with relevant ads and better understand their effectiveness. Learn more . You can opt out from our use of data from cookies and similar technologies that track your behavior on the sites of others for ad targeting and other ad-related purposes. For Visitors, the controls are here . 1.5 Your Device and Location We receive data through cookies and similar technologies When you visit or leave our Services (including some plugins and our cookies or similar technology on the sites of others), we receive the URL of both the site you came from and the one you go to and the time of your visit. We also get information about your network and device (e.g., IP address, proxy server, operating system, web browser and add-ons, device identifier and features, cookie IDs and/or ISP, or your mobile carrier). If you use our Services from a mobile device, that device will send us data about your location based on your phone settings. We will ask you to opt-in before we use GPS or other tools to identify your precise location. 1.6 Messages If you communicate through our Services, we learn about that. We collect information about you when you send, receive, or engage with messages in connection with our Services. For example, if you get a LinkedIn connection request, we track whether you have acted on it and will send you reminders.We also use automatic scanning technology on messages to support and protect our site. For example, we use this technology to suggest possible responses to messages and to manage or block content that violates our User Agreement or Professional Community Policies from our Services. 1.7 Workplace and School Provided Information When your organization (e.g., employer or school) buys a premium Service for you to use, they give us data about you. Others buying our Services for your use, such as your employer or your school, provide us with personal data about you and your eligibility to use the Services that they purchase for use by their workers, students or alumni. For example, we will get contact information for “ Company Page ” administrators and for authorizing users of our premium Services, such as our recruiting, sales or learning products. 1.8 Sites and Services of Others We get data when you visit sites that include our ads, cookies or some of our plugins or when you log-in to others’ services with your LinkedIn account. We receive information about your visits and interaction with services provided by others when you log-in with LinkedIn or visit others’ services that include some of our plugins (such as “Apply with LinkedIn”) or our ads, cookies or similar technologies. 1.9 Other We are improving our Services, which means we get new data and create new ways to use data. Our Services are dynamic, and we often introduce new features, which may require the collection of new information. If we collect materially different personal data or materially change how we collect, use or share your data, we will notify you and may also modify this Privacy Policy. Affiliates Affiliates are companies controlling, controlled by or under common control with us, including, for example, LinkedIn Ireland, LinkedIn Corporation, LinkedIn Singapore and Microsoft Corporation. 2. How We Use Your Data We use your data to provide, support, personalize and develop our Services. How we use your personal data will depend on which Services you use, how you use those Services and the choices you make in your settings . We use the data that we have about you to provide and personalize our Services, including with the help of automated systems and inferences we make, so that our Services (including ads) can be more relevant and useful to you and others. 2.1 Services Our Services help you connect with others, find and be found for work and business opportunities, stay informed, get training and be more productive. We use your data to authorize access to our Services and honor your settings. Stay Connected Our Services allow you to stay in touch and up to date with colleagues, partners, clients, and other professional contacts. To do so, you can “connect” with the professionals who you choose, and who also wish to “connect” with you. Subject to your and their settings , when you connect with other Members, you will be able to search each others’ connections in order to exchange professional opportunities. We use data about you (such as your profile, profiles you have viewed or data provided through address book uploads or partner integrations) to help others find your profile, suggest connections for you and others (e.g. Members who share your contacts or job experiences) and enable you to invite others to become a Member and connect with you. You can also opt-in to allow us to use your precise location or proximity to others for certain tasks (e.g. to suggest other nearby Members for you to connect with, calculate the commute to a new job, or notify your connections that you are at a professional event). It is your choice whether to invite someone to our Services, send a connection request, or allow another Member to become your connection. When you invite someone to connect with you, your invitation will include your network and basic profile information (e.g., name, profile photo, job title, region). We will send invitation reminders to the person you invited. You can choose whether or not to share your own list of connections with your connections. Visitors have choices about how we use their data. Stay Informed Our Services allow you to stay informed about news, events and ideas regarding professional topics you care about, and from professionals you respect. Our Services also allow you to improve your professional skills, or learn new ones. We use the data we have about you (e.g., data you provide, data we collect from your engagement with our Services and inferences we make from the data we have about you), to personalize our Services for you, such as by recommending or ranking relevant content and conversations on our Services. We also use the data we have about you to suggest skills you could add to your profile and skills that you might need to pursue your next opportunity.So, if you let us know that you are interested in a new skill (e.g., by watching a learning video), we will use this information to personalize content in your feed, suggest that you follow certain members on our site, or suggest related learning content to help you towards that new skill. We use your content, activity and other data, including your name and photo, to provide notices to your network and others. For example, subject to your settings , we may notify others that you have updated your profile, posted content, took a social action , used a feature, made new connections or were mentioned in the news . Career Our Services allow you to explore careers, evaluate educational opportunities, and seek out, and be found for, career opportunities. Your profile can be found by those looking to hire (for a job or a specific task ) or be hired by you. We will use your data to recommend jobs or mentees, show you and others relevant professional contacts (e.g., who work at a company, in an industry, function or location or have certain skills and connections). You can signal that you are interested in changing jobs and share information with recruiters. We will use your data to recommend jobs to you and you to recruiters. We may use automated systems to provide content and recommendations to help make our Services more relevant to our Members, Visitors and customers. Keeping your profile accurate and up-to-date may help you better connect to others and to opportunities through our Services. Productivity Our Services allow you to collaborate with colleagues, search for potential clients, customers, partners and others to do business with. Our Services allow you to communicate with other Members and schedule and prepare meetings with them. If your settings allow, we scan messages to provide “bots” or similar tools that facilitate tasks such as scheduling meetings, drafting responses, summarizing messages or recommending next steps. Learn more . 2.2 Premium Services Our premium Services help paying users to search for and contact Members through our Services, such as searching for and contacting job candidates, sales leads and co-workers, manage talent and promote content through social We sell premium Services that provide our customers and subscribers with customized-search functionality and tools (including messaging and activity alerts) as part of our talent, marketing and sales solutions. Customers can export limited information from your profile, such as name, headline, current company, current title, and general location (e.g., Dublin), such as to manage sales leads or talent, unless you opt-out . We do not provide contact information to customers as part of these premium Services without your consent. Premium Services customers can store information they have about you in our premium Services, such as a resume or contact information or sales history. The data stored about you by these customers is subject to the policies of those customers. Other enterprise Services and features that use your data include TeamLink and Elevate (social promotion of content). 2.3 Communications We contact you and enable communications between Members. We offer settings to control what messages you receive and how often you receive some types of messages. We will contact you through email, mobile phone, notices posted on our websites or apps, messages to your LinkedIn inbox, and other ways through our Services, including text messages and push notifications. We will send you messages about the availability of our Services, security, or other service-related issues. We also send messages about how to use our Services, network updates, reminders, job suggestions and promotional messages from us and our partners. You may change your communication preferences at any time. Please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving service messages from us, including security and legal notices. We also enable communications between you and others through our Services, including for example invitations , InMail , groups and messages between connections. 2.4 Advertising We serve you tailored ads both on and off our Services.We offer you choices regarding personalized ads, but you cannot opt-out of seeing other ads. We target (and measure the performance of) ads to Members, Visitors and others both on and off our Services directly or through a variety of partners, using the following data, whether separately or combined: Data from advertising technologies on and off our Services, pixels, ad tags, cookies, and device identifiers;Member-provided information (e.g., profile, contact information, title and industry);Data from your use of our Services (e.g., search history, feed, content you read, who you follow or is following you, connections, groups participation, page visits, videos you watch, clicking on an ad, etc.), including as described in Section 1.3; Information from advertising partners , vendors and publishers ; andInformation inferred from data described above (e.g., using job titles from a profile to infer industry, seniority, and compensation bracket; using graduation dates to infer age or using first names or pronoun usage to infer gender; using your feed activity to infer your interests; or using device data to recognize you as a Member). We will show you ads called sponsored content which look similar to non-sponsored content, except that they are labeled as advertising (e.g., as “ad” or “sponsored”). If you take a social action (such as like, comment or share) on these ads, your action is associated with your name and viewable by others, including the advertiser. Subject to your settings , if you take a social action on the LinkedIn Services, that action may be mentioned with related ads. For example, when you like a company we may include your name and photo when their sponsored content is shown. Ad Choices We adhere to self-regulatory principles for interest-based advertising and participate in industry opt-outs from such ads. This does not opt you out of receiving advertising; you will continue to get other ads by advertisers not listed with these self regulatory tools. You can also opt-out specifically from our uses of certain categories of data to show you more relevant ads. For Visitors, the setting is here . Info to Ad Providers We do not share your personal data with any third-party advertisers or ad networks except for: (i) hashed IDs or device identifiers (to the extent they are personal data in some countries); (ii) with your separate permission (e.g., in a lead generation form) or (iii) data already visible to any users of the Services (e.g., profile). However, if you view or click on an ad on or off our Services, the ad provider will get a signal that someone visited the page that displayed the ad, and they may, through the use of mechanisms such as cookies, determine it is you. Advertising partners can associate personal data collected by the advertiser directly from you with hashed IDs or device identifiers received from us. In such instances, we seek to contractually require such advertising partners to obtain your explicit, opt-in consent before doing so. 2.5 Marketing We promote our Services to you and others. In addition to advertising our Services, we use Members’ data and content for invitations and communications promoting membership and network growth, engagement and our Services, such as by showing your connections that you have used a feature on our Services. 2.6 Developing Services and Research We develop our Services and conduct research Service Development We use data, including public feedback, to conduct research and development for our Services in order to provide you and others with a better, more intuitive and personalized experience, drive membership growth and engagement on our Services, and help connect professionals to each other and to economic opportunity. Other Research We seek to create economic opportunity for Members of the global workforce and to help them be more productive and successful. We use the personal data available to us to research social, economic and workplace trends, such as jobs availability and skills needed for these jobs and policies that help bridge the gap in various industries and geographic areas. In some cases, we work with trusted third parties to perform this research, under controls that are designed to protect your privacy. We publish or allow others to publish economic insights, presented as aggregated data rather than personal data. Surveys Polls and surveys are conducted by us and others through our Services. You are not obligated to respond to polls or surveys, and you have choices about the information you provide. You may opt-out of survey invitations. 2.7 Customer Support We use data to help you and fix problems. We use data (which can include your communications) to investigate, respond to and resolve complaints and for Service issues (e.g., bugs).2.8 Insights That Do Not Identify You We use data to generate insights that do not identify you. We use your data to produce and share insights that do not identify you. For example, we may use your data to generate statistics about our members, their profession or industry, to calculate ad impressions served or clicked on, or to publish visitor demographics for a Service or create demographic workforce insights. 2.9 Security and Investigations We use data for security, fraud prevention and investigations. We use your data (including your communications) for security purposes or to prevent or investigate possible fraud or other violations of our User Agreement and/or attempts to harm our Members, Visitors or others. Social Action E.g. like, comment, follow, share Partners Partners include ad networks, exchanges and others 3. How We Share Information 3.1 Our Services Any data that you include on your profile and any content you post or social action (e.g., likes, follows, comments, shares) you take on our Services will be seen by others, consistent with your settings. Profile Your profile is fully visible to all Members and customers of our Services. Subject to your settings , it can also be visible to others on or off of our Services (e.g., Visitors to our Services or users of third- party search engines). As detailed in our Help Center , your settings, degree of connection with the viewing Member, the subscriptions they may have, their usage of our Services , access channels and search types (e.g., by name or by keyword) impact the availability of your profile and whether they can view certain fields in your profile. Posts, Likes, Follows, Comments, Messages Our Services allow viewing and sharing information including through posts, likes, follows and comments. When you share an article or a post (e.g., an update, image, video or article) publicly it can be viewed by everyone and re-shared anywhere (subject to your settings ). Members, Visitors and others will be able to find and see your publicly-shared content, including your name (and photo if you have provided one).In a group , posts are visible to others in the group. Your membership in groups is public and part of your profile, but you can change visibility in your settings . Any information you share through companies’ or other organizations’ pages on our Services will be viewable by it and others who visit those pages.When you follow a person or organization, you are visible to others and that “page owner” as a follower.We let senders know when you act on their message, subject to your settings where applicable. Subject to your settings , we let a Member know when you view their profile.When you like or re-share or comment on another’s content (including ads), others will be able to view these “social actions” and associate it with you (e.g., your name, profile and photo if you provided it). Your employer can see how you use Services they provided for your work (e.g. as a recruiter or sales agent) and related information. We will not show them your job searches or personal messages. Enterprise Accounts Your employer may offer you access to our enterprise Services such as Recruiter, Sales Navigator, LinkedIn Learning or our advertising Campaign Manager. Your employer can review and manage your use of such enterprise Services. Depending on the enterprise Service, before you use such Service, we will ask for permission to share with your employer relevant data from your profile or use of our non-enterprise Services. For example, users of Sales Navigator will be asked to share their “social selling index”, a score calculated in part based on their personal account activity. We understand that certain activities such as job hunting and personal messages are sensitive, and so we do not share those with your employer unless you choose to share it with them through our Services (for example, by applying for a new position in the same company or mentioning your job hunting in a message to a co-worker through our Services). Subject to your settings , when you use workplace tools and services (e.g., interactive employee directory tools) certain of your data may also be made available to your employer or be connected with information we receive from your employer to enable these tools and services. 3.2 Communication Archival Regulated Members may need to store communications outside of our Service. Some Members (or their employers) need, for legal or professional compliance, to archive their communications and social media activity, and will use services of others to provide these archival services. We enable archiving of messages by and to those Members outside of our Services. For example, a financial advisor needs to archive communications with her clients through our Services in order to maintain her professional financial advisor license.3.3 Others’ Services Subject to your settings , other services may look up your profile. When you opt to link your account with other services, personal data will become available to them. The sharing and use of that personal data will be described in, or linked to, a consent screen when you opt to link the accounts. For example, you may link your Twitter or WeChat account to share content from our Services into these other services, or your email provider may give you the option to upload your LinkedIn contacts into its own service. Third-party services have their own privacy policies, and you may be giving them permission to use your data in ways we would not. You may revoke the link with such accounts. Subject to your settings , excerpts from your profile will appear on the services of others (e.g., search engine results, mail and calendar applications that show a user limited profile data of the person they are meeting or messaging, social media aggregators , talent and lead managers). “Old” profile information remains on these services until they update their data cache with changes you made to your profile. 3.4 Related Services We share your data across our different Services and LinkedIn affiliated entities. We will share your personal data with our affiliates to provide and develop our Services. We may combine information internally across the different Services covered by this Privacy Policy to help our Services be more relevant and useful to you and others. For example, we may personalize your feed or job recommendations based on your learning history. 3.5 Service Providers We may use others to help us with our Services. We use others to help us provide our Services (e.g., maintenance, analysis, audit, payments, fraud detection, marketing and development). They will have access to your information as reasonably necessary to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for other purposes. 3.6 Legal Disclosures We may need to share your data when we believe it’s required by law or to help protect the rights and safety of you, us or others. It is possible that we will need to disclose information about you when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) investigate, prevent or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities or to assist government enforcement agencies; (2) enforce our agreements with you; (3) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (4) protect the security or integrity of our Services (such as by sharing with companies facing similar threats); or (5) exercise or protect the rights and safety of LinkedIn, our Members, personnel or others. We attempt to notify Members about legal demands for their personal data when appropriate in our judgment, unless prohibited by law or court order or when the request is an emergency. We may dispute such demands when we believe, in our discretion, that the requests are overbroad, vague or lack proper authority, but we do not promise to challenge every demand. To learn more see our Data Request Guidelines and Transparency Report . 3.7 Change in Control or Sale We may share your data when our business is sold to others, but it must continue to be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We can also share your personal data as part of a sale, merger or change in control, or in preparation for any of these events. Any other entity which buys us or part of our business will have the right to continue to use your data, but only in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy unless you agree otherwise. 4. Your Choices & Obligations 4.1 Data Retention We keep most of your personal data for as long as your account is open. We generally retain your personal data as long as you keep your account open or as needed to provide you Services. This includes data you or others provided to us and data generated or inferred from your use of our Services. Even if you only use our Services when looking for a new job every few years, we will retain your information and keep your profile open, unless you close your account. In some cases we choose to retain certain information (e.g., insights about Services use) in a depersonalized or aggregated form. 4.2 Rights to Access and Control Your Personal Data You can access or delete your personal data. You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared. We provide many choices about the collection, use and sharing of your data, from deleting or correcting data you include in your profile and controlling the visibility of your posts to advertising opt-outs and communication controls. We offer you settings to control and manage the personal data we have about you.For personal data that we have about you, you can: Delete Data: You can ask us to erase or delete all or some of your personal data (e.g., if it is no longer necessary to provide Services to you).Change or Correct Data: You can edit some of your personal data through your account. You can also ask us to change, update or fix your data in certain cases, particularly if it’s inaccurate.Object to, or Limit or Restrict, Use of Data: You can ask us to stop using all or some of your personal data (e.g., if we have no legal right to keep using it) or to limit our use of it (e.g., if your personal data is inaccurate or unlawfully held). Right to Access and/or Take Your Data: You can ask us for a copy of your personal data and can ask for a copy of personal data you provided in machine readable form. Visitors can learn more about how to make these requests here . You may also contact us using the contact information below, and we will consider your request in accordance with applicable laws. Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have additional rights under their laws. 4.3 Account Closure We keep some of your data even after you close your account. If you choose to close your Linkedin account, your personal data will generally stop being visible to others on our Services within 24 hours. We generally delete closed account information within 30 days of account closure, except as noted below. We retain your personal data even after you have closed your account if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse (e.g., if we have restricted your account for breach of our Professional Community Policies ), enforce our User Agreement, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We will retain de-personalized information after your account has been closed. Information you have shared with others (e.g., through InMail, updates or group posts) will remain visible after you close your account or delete the information from your own profile or mailbox, and we do not control data that other Members have copied out of our Services. Groups content and ratings or review content associated with closed accounts will show an unknown user as the source. Your profile may continue to be displayed in the services of others (e.g., search engine results) until they refresh their cache. 5. Other Important Information 5.1. Security We monitor for and try to prevent security breaches. Please use the security features available through our Services. We implement security safeguards designed to protect your data, such as HTTPS. We regularly monitor our systems for possible vulnerabilities and attacks. However, we cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us. There is no guarantee that data may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Please visit our Safety Center for additional information about safely using our Services, including two-factor authentication . 5.2. Cross-Border Data Transfers We store and use your data outside your country. We process data both inside and outside of the United States and rely on legally-provided mechanisms to lawfully transfer data across borders. Learn more . Countries where we process data may have laws which are different from, and potentially not as protective as, the laws of your own country. 5.3 Lawful Bases for Processing We have lawful bases to collect, use and share data about you. You have choices about our use of your data. At any time, you can withdraw consent you have provided by going to settings. We will only collect and process personal data about you where we have lawful bases. Lawful bases include consent(where you have given consent), contract (where processing is necessary for the performance of a contract with you (e.g., to deliver the LinkedIn Services you have requested) and “legitimate interests.” Learn more . Where we rely on your consent to process personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline your consent at any time and where we rely on legitimate interests, you have the right to object. Learn More . If you have any questions about the lawful bases upon which we collect and use your personal data, please contact our Data Protection Officer here . 5.4. Direct Marketing and Do Not Track Signals Our statements regarding direct marketing and “do not track” signals. We currently do not share personal data with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your permission. Learn more about this and about our response to “do not track” signals. 5.5. Contact Information You can contact us or use other options to resolve any complaints. If you have questions or complaints regarding this Policy, please first contact LinkedIn online.You can also reach us by physical mail . If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you have more options . Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may also have the right to contact our Data Protection Officer here . If this does not resolve your complaint, Residents in the Designated Countries and other regions may have more options under their laws. Consent Where we process data based on consent, we will ask for your explicit consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time, but that will not affect the lawfulness of the processing of your personal data prior to such withdrawal. Where we rely on contract, we will ask that you agree to the processing of personal data that is necessary for entering into or performance of your contract with us. We will rely on legitimate interests as a basis for data processing where the processing of your data is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. LinkedIn © 2023 English (English) LanguagePrivacy To read our Privacy Policy in other languages please select below: Francais Español Italiano Português Deutsche 日本語 Bahasa Indonesia Melayu Tagalog हिन्दी عربى ShareThis takes privacy seriously. This Privacy Notice sets out what data we collect, how we collect it, why we process it, who we may share it with and, where the data we collect is personal data, your rights with respect to such personal data. ShareThis may change this Notice from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are up to date with any changes. ShareThis is committed to processing information in accordance with applicable laws (including where applicable the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“ GDPR ”) and the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and as described in this Privacy Notice. For specific information about how ShareThis adheres to European, UK and Brazil data protection law and your rights as an EEA, UK, Swiss or Brazil data subject please click here. For information about how ShareThis adheres to applicable U.S. Privacy laws in States such as California, Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada, Virginia, and Utah, please click here To access information for Publishers, please visit the Publisher Information page here To access Publisher Terms of Use, please click here . Last Updated on: June 9, 2023 About ShareThis and Its Tools ShareThis provides website operators (“Publishers”) with customizable social sharing tools, which makes sharing online content simple. Any user of a website can easily share anything on the web with their friends on social sites, such as Facebook, Twitter, Email, Digg, Reddit and more through using one of our tools on that website (“ ShareThis Icon ”). ShareThis also collects pseudonymous data about internet users and how they interact with content, websites, and advertisements while online. Some of the data is collected via our tools such as the ShareThis Icon , and some is collected through third-party data providers. We compile this data and provide it to our Publishers and license it to advertisers, agencies, and other businesses (our “Customers”) to facilitate the delivery of relevant, targeted advertising and for a number of other reasons which are listed below. We do this by using technology such as cookies and pixels (including the pixels and cookies of our customers) (“ ShareThis Publisher Applications ”) to gather information regarding the browsing and sharing activities of Internet users, both on websites that have the ShareThis Icon and similar tools installed on them. We also receive data from others who operate in the data analytics and advertising industries. We analyze and aggregate the data we collect to create groups of data (called audience segments) based on defined criteria. For example, we segment into groups internet users who we believe have similar characteristics, interests, needs or behavioral patterns. Where we are able to infer that two or more browsers or devices are the same user or household, we may use that information to bolster our audience segments. We compile this data to provide analytics to our Publishers and license it to our Customers for a number of purposes as described below, including targeted advertising. Targeted advertising has the aim of displaying advertising which is more likely to be of interest to internet users, based on analyses of their recent browsing and sharing activities and interactions with the website and adverts. It is also sometimes referred to as interest-based advertising or online behavioral advertising. For more information on this type of advertising, click here . Contents I. Data Collection and Use In order to offer our products and services, we collect and use data relating to the websites you visit to display personalized advertisements, provide analytics, and data modeling based on social sharing, by us or third parties. This data is pseudonymous personal data in that it may not be used directly by ShareThis to identify an actual person. This data does enable our systems to recognize your computer, device and/or browser over time. In many places, this pseudonymous data is considered personal data and/or personal information under applicable law. We do not intentionally collect identifiable personal information such as your name, postal address, phone number, email address, credit card information, or anything else that can allow us or our customers to contact you directly as part of our products and services. We may collect identifiable personal information and even financial information such as payment or bank details if you are one of our Publishers or if you have a business relationship with ShareThis. We have set out below the categories of data we process and why we process each category of data.Usage Data and Profile Information 1.1 Usage Data We collect information about how Internet users browse the Internet and interact with online content and advertisements through our ShareThis Icon, the ShareThis Publisher Applications and user interactions with advertisements on the Internet. We call this “Usage Data”. Usage Data includes: The unique IDs of the cookie(s) placed on your web browser (example: 37d387ca-f68a-11e5-b87d-0e58954c72b1) and/or a hashed version of an email address which help us recognize your browser or device over time.Information about the user’s browser and deviceUser agent stringWebpages viewed (including the URL addresses of such pages and search parameters, which may include search terms and key words) and the previous web pages that referred the user to that webpage Time when webpages are viewedSearch queries from which users are directed to a webpageNavigation from page to pageTime spent on each webpageInteractions with the webpage, including items clicked or selected and content highlighted or copiedAds viewed or displayed to the user and the user’s interactions with those adsShares of content including what content is shared and where – for example, the relevant social media site (e.g., Twitter, Facebook) Geographic information such as country, city, state, or postal code.IP addressesDevice IDs Although the Usage Data listed above is not used by ShareThis to directly identify an actual person, it is considered to be personal data in many places. 1.2 Profile Information We receive information about the content of the websites that you visit and information about the audience of those websites to enable us to infer and create groups of users who have similar characteristics, interests, or behavioral patterns. We combine the Usage Data with data we receive from third party advertisers, analytics vendors and data partners to create categories of data that are helpful to advertisers seeking to deliver a more personalized advertising experience. For example, if a user regularly views or shares content about shopping for a car, our systems may infer that this user may be interested in purchasing an automobile. This practice is sometimes referred to as interest-based advertising, and a segment titled “interested in automobile” is sometimes referred to as an audience segment or a “profile.” When we group this data into profiles, we refer to it as “Profile Information”. We can infer this Profile Information (by reference to browser identifiers, not actual names) using the information we obtain from third parties about the likely content and characteristics of the users and audiences of the websites which are visited. For example, visitors to a particular website may have an interest in cars while visitors to a different website may typically be within a certain age or income range. Where we are able to infer that two or more browsers or devices are the same user or household, we may use that information to bolster our Profile Information. The characteristics by which we group users relate to age ranges, income ranges, education, gender, product or activity interests and family composition (e.g., how many children in the family), on the basis of information available about the typical audience of websites they visit and content viewed. In certain cases where Publishers that we work with utilize the “Google Analytics By ShareThis WordPress” plug-in on their websites, ShareThis uses a Google Analytics feature currently known as Google Analytics Demographics, in order to better understand the audience demographics of those Publisher websites, and to provide insights about those demographics to the Publishers that own or operate those websites. To learn more about Google Analytics’ privacy practices, please click here . To opt-out of Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, please click here , or you may also visit the NAI consumer choice page . In the U.S., ShareThis creates modeled segments based off of demographic attributes where those attributes are aligned with the target audience of products marketed by pharmaceutical drug companies. If you would like to see a list of the types of Profile Information used by ShareThis, including any Profile Information that is health or political in nature (U.S. only), please click here. ShareThis does not create Profile Information based on topics we believe to be sensitive under applicable law, or based on visits to adult entertainment websites. 1.3 How we obtain Usage Data and Profile Information We collect Usage Data when your device visits our website, uses or interacts with our services (including sharing content with the ShareThis Icon), when your device visits Publishers’ websites that use ShareThis Publisher Applications, and when your device views or clicks advertisements that we serve or are served on our behalf.We do so by using cookies placed on your browser (to the extent that cookies are not-restricted by the browser), pixel tags, and HTTP headers (or other communication protocols) and the use of hashed email address. We may also use probabilistic IDs generated via the user agent string and IP address when cookies are restricted by the browser. Our use of Cookies and other Tracking Technologies Web Environment: (desktop, tablet, and smartphone browsers) ShareThis places cookies containing a UID on the browsers of visitors to websites that use ShareThis Publisher Applications. The ShareThis Publisher Applications also may enable cookies to be placed by ShareThis partners and our Customers to enable the synchronization of unique identifiers between ShareThis and our third-party partners and Customers. Cookies: Small text files that contain a string of characters and uniquely identify a browser. Many browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. However, you may be able to change your browser settings to refuse or otherwise restrict cookies. Check your browser’s “Help” files to learn more about handling cookies on your browser. Below is a description of the cookies placed by ShareThis. _stid 1 year ShareThis cookie ID. _stidv 10 years ShareThis cookie ID version. wordpress_test_cookie Session ShareThis cookie, tests if we have access to cookies. pubconsent 13 months ShareThis cookie set to indicate user has made a declaration about GDPR data collection for IAB TCF v1 format. st_optout 10 years ShareThis cookie set to indicate that user has opted out from data collection. _ga 2 years Google Analytics cookie used by ShareThis to distinguish users. _gat 1 day Google Analytics cookie used by ShareThis to distinguish users. _gid 1 day Google Analytics cookie used by ShareThis to distinguish users. visopt_s 3 months VWO cookie to see the number of times the browser was closed and reopened. _vis_opt_test_cookie Session VWO session cookie to see if the cookies are enabled on the browser of the user or not. Helps in tracking the number of browser sessions of a visitor. _vwo_uuid_v2 1 year VWO cookie calculates unique traffic on a website. intercom-id-fe2c9dmj 10 months Intercom: Anonymous visitor identifier cookie for site visitors. intercom-session-fe2c9dmj 7 months Intercom: Identifier for each unique browser session. Session cookie is refreshed on each successful logged-in ping, extending it to 1 week from that moment. User can access their conversations and have data communicated on logged out pages for 1 week, as long as the session isn’t intentionally terminated with ‘Intercom (’shutdown’), which usually happens on logout. pxcelBcnLcy Sessions ShareThis Tag Management System cookie to track latency on reporting beacon. pxcelAcc3PC 1 day ShareThis Tag Management System cookie to check whether third party cookies are accepted by the browser. This is only set if there is no incoming cookie in the request. pxcelPage_c010and/orpxcelPage_c010_Band/orpxcelPage_c010_Cand/orpxcelPage_c010_D 1 year ShareThis Tag Management System cookie to track status of pixel rotation loading. ShareThis uses a different cookie for different groups of sites within the ShareThis network. usprivacy n/a ShareThis reads if the usprivacy cookie is present in the publisher domain. fpestid 13 months Fpestid is a ShareThis cookie ID set in the domain of the website operator. Pixel tags: These are small blocks of code on a webpage which read and place cookies. When you visit a webpage, ShareThis’ pixel will see if your browser has a ShareThis cookie installed on it. If it doesn’t, the pixel will place the cookie. If the browser already has a ShareThis cookie, the pixel will “read” the cookie and will send us information such as the time you viewed a webpage, the type of browser used and your IP address. This is how we learn about your interests and enable our customers to deliver targeted advertising to you. HTTP headers: These are transmitted whenever a webpage is viewed, and contain technical information required to connect your browser to the webpage. This information may include information about the browser and the requested webpage. ShareThis collects this information. Hashed emails: Hashing an email is a cryptographic function. Hashing is a way of encrypting a piece of data, like an email address, into a hexadecimal string. By doing this, each email address becomes an unrecognizable jumble of numbers and letters. This technique doesn’t allow us to send you an email message or to identify who you are. However, it does allow us to recognize your browser or device in the same way that cookies help us to recognize your browser or device. ShareThis may obtain hashed emails from our advertising partners to help provide our products and services.We may also receive and hash emails you provide to our Publishers. For more information, and to better understand the choices available to you, please visit https://thenai.org/opt-out/ama-opt-out/. Mobile Environments: (Mobile applications) To serve ads in mobile applications identifiers may be used, such as Google Advertising ID or Apple IDFA, depending on the operating system of your mobile device. The advertiser identifier does not identify you directly, but it enables advertisers and their technology partners to recognize your mobile device over time. Many of the mobile operating systems which provide these advertising IDs also provide the functionality to reset them and/or to record your opt-out choice. See your device manufacturer for more information or visit NAI Mobile opt-out page at https://www.networkadvertising.org/mobile-choice/ . Connected TV Environments: (Mobile applications) To serve ads onto TV streaming devices and smart TVs, pseudonymous advertising identifiers may be used. The advertiser identifier does not identify you directly, but it enables advertisers and their technology partners to recognize your smart TV and/or streaming device over time. Many streaming devices and smart TVs that provide these advertising IDs also provide the functionality to reset them and/or to record your opt-out choice. See your device manufacturer for more information or visit the NAI SmartTV opt-out page at https://thenai.org/opt-out/connected-tv-choices/. Linking Environments: (browsers and mobile apps used) To serve you personalized advertisements and provide a seamless online experience, third party data partners that we work with may link your identifiers on the different environments you use. We may enable the linking of our Usage Data through cookie syncing. We do not use plain text information that may be used by ShareThis to identify you such as your name or address to operate the linking. Our data partners may use exact linking methods by leveraging the pseudonymous data collected through our technology such as advertising partner identifiers. Probabilistic IDs : Some browsers may block or otherwise restrict our ability to place cookies in the ShareThis domain. When this occurs, ShareThis may use a combination of user agent and IP address to help us recognize a browser or device over time. You can manage cookies, change consents, or opt out of personalized ads using the mechanisms described in ‘ User Choices’ . 1.4 How we use Usage Data and Profile Information We use Usage Data and Profile Information internally for the following business purposes: To enable our tools to function;Pursuant to our relationship with Google Analytics Demographics, to enable demographic reporting features we provide to our Publishers;To link browsers and devices that we infer might belong to the same household;To enable us to sync unique identifiers;To enable ST to manage the security of our Website, tools, networks, and systems.To comply with applicable laws. We may also use Usage Data and Profile Information and/or audience segments and license such information to our Customers for the following business purposes including (where not prohibited under applicable law): To enable the delivery of targeted advertisingTo conduct market research and analytics in order to find meaningful patterns in the data that enables ShareThis to draw insights into how web Users generally behave. This may have specific application to companies seeking to better understand the characteristics of their target customer. It also may help hedge funds attempting understanding macro investment trends.For data modeling in order to draw inferences. For example, to create lookalike audiences models. To create modeled segments based off of demographic attributes.To enhance security features or reduce fraud, including ad fraud,To enhance addressability features that enable a company to recognize the same browser, device and/or user over time. Our Customers who we share your data with may use this information to generate their own Profile Information. They may independently gain other demographical information about you through their own cookies or web beacons and combine it with the data we provide to them. While we require our customers to avoid merging data received from ShareThis with identifiable personal data such as a clear email address (i.e., in violation of the NAI Code of Conduct ), the use of cookies and pixel tags by these third-party advertisers, publishers, and ad networks are subject to their own privacy policies. Please refer to the ‘Recipients of Your Data’ section of this Privacy Notice for more information about who we disclose your data to. Children ShareThis does not intentionally collect data from children and does not tailor any Profile Information or otherwise license data to enable targeting of children under 16 years of age.If you are a parent or guardian and believe we may be processing data of children you are responsible for, please see the section on User Choices and Rights, or contact us directly. Emails from Users with ShareThis Icon When you share to email with the ShareThis Icon, you choose how to connect to email from your device. We will only know what content you shared, and that you did so by means of email. We do not receive any information about the email itself, for example, your email address, the email address of the recipient or the content of your email. We are not responsible for the information shared by users via the ShareThis Publisher Applications. Account Information “ Account Information ” means the information which Publishers and representatives of Publishers provide when they register for an account with us and when they use their account. Many of our services can be used without registering with us. However if you are a Publisher, or represent a Publisher, and want to use some of our enhanced features, you will need to register with us. If you choose to register with us, you must be and you affirm that you are 16 years of age or older. We do not sell or share registration information with third parties for direct marketing purposes. Business contacts data We may process your personal data if you are or your employer has a business relationship with us. For example, if you’re a Customer, a prospective Customer, a vendor/supplier of ours, or a business partner, we may process your data. The personal data we hold about you refers to your professional life (name, email address, billing address, office address, phone numbers, title, company you work for). We would have collected that information from exchanging emails or business cards, meeting at industry meetings or client sessions etc. We may process that data for a number of legitimate business purposes, including: a) to communicate with you within the context of our business relationship; b) to provide our products or services; c) for billing and invoicing purposes; and d) for sales, marketing and product promotional purposes ((e.g., uploading emails into LinkedIn and similar platforms to advertise new services to current and prospective Customers). This data may also be processed for the purposes set out in the section ‘ General purposes which apply to all data.’ Employee and Job Applicants’ data If you are an employee of ShareThis, or you apply for a role with ShareThis, in the US or in Europe, please refer to our HR Policy for information about how we process your data. These can be obtained from our HR department at HR@ShareThis.com . Data Collected on ShareThis.com This section sets out how we process data of visitors of our corporate website (our “Website”, ShareThis.com), apart from any ‘Usage Data and Profile Information’ and the ‘Account Information’ which relates only to Publishers who register with us. When you visit our Website, you may choose to provide information to us voluntarily if you interact with ShareThis.com in certain ways, such as by applying for employment with ShareThis, or using one of our contact forms. This information is used only for the reasons for which it was collected, such as responding to your communication, and it is not shared with third parties other than trusted service providers who are contractually required to only use such data to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected. We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect data automatically when you visit ShareThis.com and use that information to help administer the Website, to remember your preferences, to conduct website analytics and for security and fraud prevention purposes. Where we enable third parties to collect pseudonymous information on ShareThis.com (e.g., using cookies and pixels), that information may be viewed as a sale of data by ShareThis under applicable in certain jurisdictions such as California. To address this, we provide you with a privacy notice when you visit the Website and the opportunity to opt-out of these third-party data collection practices on our Website. We encourage you to visit the applicable policies of those third parties or visit www.aboutads.info to learn more about interest-based advertising and to see your opt-out choices from other participating companies that may be collecting and using data on ShareThis.com. General purposes which apply to all data There are a number of “general” reasons that ShareThis may process data on our systems. Many of them are required by applicable law and/or to help us ensure that the Internet remains a safe space. Some of them enable us to promote and grow our business.If you’d like additional information, please email privacy@sharethis.com. We may also process data for the following purposes: a) as required by applicable law; b) to cooperate with competent legal authorities such as data protection regulators, the police and the FBI; c) to enforce our terms and conditions, including by obtaining advice and conducting legal proceedings; d) to protect our operations, property and interests, and those of third parties; e) to sell and promote the sale of our business and/or assets. Finally, ShareThis may transfer information to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate change. If ShareThis is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your information. II. The GDPR and Your Rights as an EU, Swiss, or UK Data Subject If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) applies to our processing of personal data. If you are located in Switzerland, The Swiss Federal Data Protection Act applies to our processing of personal data. If you are located in the United Kingdom, then the Data Protection Act 2018 applies to our processing of personal data. These laws each grant those located respectively in the EEA, Switzerland, and the UK a set of clear privacy rights and imposes responsibilities on ShareThis as we process the personal data of data subjects located in those places. The ShareThis privacy policy outlines how and why ShareThis processes personal data. This section is designed to provide more information on how ShareThis adheres to the above data protection laws and your rights as a data subject. For purposes of this privacy policy, we’ll refer to the above data protection laws as “EEA Data Protection Laws” and data subjects located in the above places as “EEA Data Subjects.” Definition of Personal Data EEA Data Protection Laws define personal data broadly. As such, where Usage Data and/or Profile Information relates to an individual in the EEA, we treat it as personal data. Similarly, nearly all of the data collected from EEA Data Subjects in the context of our normal business operations is likely to be considered personal data. This includes: a) data collected via visits to ShareThis.com; b) data collected from Customers, Publishers and business partners; and c) data collected from employees and prospective employees. Special Categories of Personal Data ShareThis does not collect nor process any special categories of personal data with respect to EEA Data Subjects, and we do not create Profile Information of audience segments of such consumers based on special categories of personal data (i.e. data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data, data concerning health, or data concerning a natural person’s sex life or sexual orientation). Legal Basis for Processing EEA Data Protection Laws requires entities seeking to process personal data to have a valid legal basis for doing so. The legal basis utilized by ShareThis include: a) consent (our primary legal basis with respect to our Processing of Usage Data and Profile Information); b) legitimate interest (i.e., where we believe that our need to process the data and/or the value we deliver by processing such data is not outweighed by the rights of the data subject); c) where necessary for the performance of a contract; and d) where processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations. We will endeavor to outline our legal basis for the most common types of processing conducted by ShareThis. Cookie and Similar Tracking Technologies – We endeavor to obtain consent for our placement of cookies, pixels and similar tracking technologies as required under the ePrivacy Directive as implemented throughout the EEA. As ShareThis does not have direct relationships with Internet users in many cases, we ask Publishers and other partners to obtain a consent on our behalf as described below. Where we directly place cookies (e.g., via ShareThis.com) we directly obtain the consent from data subjects we’ve identified as being from the EEA or other place where consent is required. Usage Data and Profile Information – We obtain a consent for our placement of cookies as described above, and ShareThis also processes Usage Data and Profile Information with consent. Website Data – We collect personal data via ShareThis.com. Where that data is provided to ShareThis (e.g., via completing an online form), we consider it either Account Data and/or data collected pursuant to a business relationship which are described below. Where we place cookies via the Website, we use consent.Where data is collected automatically (e.g., log files containing IP addresses), we process such data via our legitimate interest and in order to maintain the Website and help us to a better job of personalizing the Website to the interests of visitors. Account Data and Business Relationships – We require some Publishers to setup an Account with ShareThis. Similarly, we maintain accounts containing personal data with most of the vendors who provide services to ShareThis, our Customers, our employees, and our business partners. If you are an employee of one of those entities, ShareThis may have your personal data including your name, your work email, or your work telephone number. For data subjects located in the EEA or UK, we process this data under the legal basis of contractual necessity. In other words, we need to process this data in order to honor the terms of the contract between ShareThis and the Publisher, Customer, vendor, Etc. This includes maintaining an account and login credentials, billing and payment purposes, communicating with the other party, and fulfilling requests. Where we are seeking to market additional products and services to these entities, we will do so via legitimate interest unless applicable law dictates that we use consent (e.g., for email marketing). General Purposes – There are a number of instances where ShareThis processes personal data which are distinct from the descriptions provided above. For example: Legal and Regulatory Compliance – Like most companies, ShareThis will process data in order to comply with law, cooperate with requests from competent legal authorities such as the police, and to pay taxes. The legal basis for this type of processing is necessary for ShareThis to meet our legal and regulatory obligations. Enforcement of legal obligations – To enforce our terms and conditions, protect of our intellectual property and/or the rights of third parties, ShareThis processes personal data in these instances via our legitimate interest. This may include obtaining advice and conducting legal proceedings. Sell and Promote our Business – ShareThis may choose to conduct, evaluate and/or promote the sale of our business via our legitimate interest. Aggregated Data – Where we aggregate data and remove digital identifiers (e.g., cookie IDs), we may use this data for internal research, marketing, and statistical analysis purposes. Data Controller ShareThis is generally a Controller of data with respect to the data processed as described above. Where the EEA Data Protection Laws apply to Usage Data and Profile Information and we share this data with our Customers, our Customers are independent controllers in relation to their processing of such data and they process it in accordance with their own privacy policies. ShareThis is also the controller of the data it collects via ShareThis.com. Data Processors ShareThis also has a number of agents and service providers who operate as processors of data on ShareThis’ behalf. These agents and service providers are only able to use the data as specifically directed by ShareThis and only to provide the services requested by us. They are also contractually obligated to process the data securely and under confidentiality obligations. EEA Data Subject Rights Where the EEA Data Protection Laws apply, such data subjects have certain rights, including: a) The right to be informed about the types of data being processed and the legal basis for processing; b) the right to access and see the data being processed; c) the right of rectification, to make corrections to data subject to processing; d) the right to erase data; e) the right to restrict processing of data; f) the right of data portability; g) the right to object to the processing of data and f) the right not to be subject to automated decision-making. Some of these rights apply only in certain circumstances and depend on the legal basis relied upon to process the data. As an example, the right to object applies to processing which is carried out because it is necessary for our legitimate interests and only if we cannot demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds which outweigh your rights, interests and freedoms. The same right does not apply to processing which is necessary for us to comply with our legal obligations or to perform a contract with you. These rights may extend to the personal data we place into cookies or similar tracking technologies. Where processing is based on your consent, in accordance with the GDPR and UK Data Protection Act (as applicable), you may withdraw that consent at any time, although any processing previously carried out will still be legal. In order to exercise your data subjects’ rights or if you have any questions about these rights, you can write to us at privacy@sharethis.com .We will endeavor to respond to any requests to exercise your rights within one month from when they are made, although this period may be extended in some cases in which case we will inform you before the expiration of the one-month period. You also have the right to submit complaints to the supervisory authority in your jurisdiction. A list of supervisory authorities in the EEA can be found here: https://edpb.europa.eu/about-edpb/board/members_en . How ShareThis interacts with our Publishers on GDPR, Swiss, and UK Data Protection compliance If you are in the European Economic Area, you may be familiar with websites asking you to consent to the use of cookies and similar technologies. If you are in the UK, you may see similar consent notices which pertain to the UK Data Protection Act. Where the ShareThis Applications are used to process personal data from data subjects in places where a notice and/or consent is required, our Publishers are required to notify you about the use of the ShareThis Applications, mention ShareThis as a third party who processes your personal data and ask you to consent to such processing as well as the placement of cookies. Cross-border transfers of EEA personal data We generally process data in the United States. When we share data, we provide data to companies globally. In each case, we have safeguards in place which allow those transfers to happen in a way that ensures data is handled in accordance with the applicable law. When we transfer personal data outside the EEA or UK, unless the recipient or location to which the data is transferred has been approved by the appropriate authorities as providing an adequate level of protection for personal data, we put in place measures to ensure that the transfer complies with the applicable data protection law and that the personal data which is transferred is appropriately safeguarded. When we enter into business relationships which involves the transfer of personal data of EEA Data Subjects to the United States, we put in place reasonable transfer mechanisms such as the EU standard contractual clauses with the recipient. More information about international data transfers under the GDPR can be found at https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/international-dimension-data-protection_en . If requested, we may make available a copy of such safeguards, as required by EAA Data Protection Laws. Data Protection Officer and Representative ShareThis has appointed a data protection officer to supervise our personal data processing-related activities, and to respond to requests as required. Our DPO can be contacted as follows: Vincent Potier (ShareThis DPO): dpo@sharethis.com ShareThis’ representative in the UK is: ShareThis UK Limited of 10 John Street, London WC1N 2EB, UK. ShareThis’ representative in the EU is: Verasafe and they may be reached at representative@sharethis.com. III. The LGPD and Your Rights as a Brazil Data Subject If you are located in Brazil, then the Brazilian General Law for the Protection of Personal Data (LGPD) applies to our processing of personal data. The LGPD grants those located Brazil a set of clear privacy rights and imposes responsibilities on ShareThis as we process the personal data of data subjects located in Brazil. The ShareThis privacy policy outlines how and why ShareThis processes personal data. This section is designed to provide more information on how ShareThis adheres to the LGPD and your rights as a data subject located in Brazil. Definition of Personal Data The LGPD defines personal data broadly. As such, where Usage Data and/or Profile Information relates to an individual in the Brazil, we treat it as personal data. Similarly, nearly all of the data collected from EEA and UK data subjects in the context of our normal business operations is likely to be considered personal data. This includes: a) data collected via visits to ShareThis.com; b) data collected from Customers, Publishers and business partners; and c) data collected from employees and prospective employees, as applicable. Special Categories of Personal Data ShareThis does not collect nor process any special categories of personal data with respect to data subjects in Brazil. Legal Basis for Processing The LGPD entities seeking to process personal data to have a valid legal basis for doing so. The legal basis utilized by ShareThis include: a) consent; b) legitimate interest (i.e., where we believe that our need to process the data and/or the value we deliver by processing such data is not outweighed by the rights of the data subject); c) where necessary for the performance of a contract; and d) where processing is necessary to comply with our legal obligations.Brazil and Data Subject Rights Where the LGPD applies, such data subjects have certain rights, including: a) The right to be informed about the types of data being processed and the legal basis for processing; b) the right to access and see the data being processed; c) the right of rectification, to make corrections to data subject to processing; d) the right to erase data; e) the right to restrict processing of data; f) the right of data portability; g) the right to object to the processing of data and f) the right not to be subject to automated decision-making. Some of these rights apply only in certain circumstances and depend on the legal basis relied upon to process the data. If you are located in Brazil and have questions about how ShareThis implements these rights, please email us at privacy@sharethis.com. IV. The U.S. State Privacy Laws (e.g., CCPA) and Your Rights as a Data Subject A number of U.S. states (e.g., California, Colorado, Connecticut, Nevada, Virginia, and Utah) have enacted laws that may provide additional privacy protections for data subjects and users located into those states, including: the right to see what data we have about you, your computer or device (i.e., the right to know),the right to correct the data we have about you, your computer or device,the right to delete the data we have about you, your computer or device (i.e., the right to delete), andthe right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of data about you, your computer or device to certain third parties (i.e., the right to opt-out from sales or sharing of your information) and the right to opt-out of profiling and/or targeted ads. These U.S. state laws define personal information broadly. And as such, almost all of the information we collect is considered personal information under these laws. U.S. data subjects may send an email to privacy@sharethis.com to exercise those rights of visit data subject access page. California data subjects may also call us on our toll free CCPA privacy hotline at 1-800-272-1765. We do not treat users that exercise any of the above rights differently. However, we may not be able to honor a right if doing so would violate applicable law. ShareThis does not sell data collected via our Website or the data we use to operate our business. However, we transfer personal information collected via the ShareThis Publisher Applications to third parties and as such are considered to have sold data over the past twelve months under California law, including any of the Usage Data, Profile Information and/or audience segments. We generally ask only for the minimum information necessary to help us process a subject access or deletion request and will keep information pertaining to your request for up to two years. If you are a customer of ShareThis with a login and password to the ShareThis platform, we ask that you first direct your request to the person or persons at your organization that administers the relationship with ShareThis. California data subjects may also call us on our toll free CCPA privacy hotline at 1-800-272-1765. CCPA Metrics for 2021 Pursuant to CCPA Regulation 999.317(g), ShareThis informs you of the following metrics: Total Whole Part Denied a. The number of CCPA requests to know that ShareThis received, complied with whole or part and denied in 2021 16 16 b. The number of CCPA requests to delete that ShareThis received, complied with whole or part and denied in 2021 38 38 c. The number of CCPA requests to opt-out that ShareThis received via our email form, complied with whole or part and denied in 2021 d. The median number of days within which ShareThis substantively responded to requests to know, requests to delete and requests to opt-out Total Requests to know Requests to delete Requests to opt-out Total e. The number of opt-out requests we received via the ShareThis opt-out page or industry opt-out pages worldwide in 2021 all of which resulted in the real-time placement of an opt-out cookie by ShareThis as described in this privacy policy. 41,769,347 V. Data Sharing or Disclosure, Recipients of Your Data We sell and/or share Usage Data, Profile Information and/or audience segments with the following types of businesses, and accept for Publishers, we view each of the below as our Customers: Publishers – We provide analytics tools for Publishers based on the data collected via the ShareThis tools.Advertisers and Retailers – companies seeking to better understand their customers so as to more effectively serve those customer’s needsAdvertising Agencies – companies that purchase advertising on behalf of other companies.Advertising Technology Companies – companies that enable the delivery of advertising, mostly via digital channels, including demand side platforms, supply side platforms, advertising exchanges and ad servers.Marketing Technology Companies – companies that enable the delivery of marketing messages via channels such as email and SMS.Data Companies – companies that process data into profiles that enable other companies to market and advertise more effectively.Professional Services Companies – Companies that provide high level strategy and analytic services.Security or Fraud Prevention Vendors – Companies that help ensure the security and reliability of their customer’s data or infrastructure. Investment Firms – Financial services companies and investment firms seeking to better understand how consumers use the Internet. We share this information for the purposes listed in the section ‘Data Collection and Use .’ Where the GDPR applies to Usage Data and Profile Information and we share this data with our Customers, our Customers are independent controllers in relation to their processing of such data and they process it in accordance with their own privacy policies. Customers may share the data which they process with other third parties who are not mentioned in this Privacy Notice, in accordance with their own privacy policies. As an example, they may use third party service providers to display advertising or other content on their behalf. Please review some of our Customer’s privacy policies for more information: 2. Other third-party agents and service providers We share the data described in this Privacy Notice trusted agents with data storage and processing facilities such as Amazon Web Services who are required under contract to only process data according to our written instructions and we require them to use data only for the purposes of providing services to us and to implement security controls and to maintain the confidentiality of that information. Here are the categories of service providers utilized by ShareThis: Cloud data storage providers such as Amazon Web Services;Customer billing systems providers;Email service providers offering tools to send emails on our behalf;Website analytics providers such as Google analytics;Customer relationship management software providers;Vendors assisting us with legally required audits;Third-party computer programmers helping ensure our systems are operating properly;Job ticket support vendors helping us record issues and debug; and Security vendors. 3. Data Retention We have defined retention policies for different types of personal data. We only retain data for as long as necessary for the purpose for which we process it and only as long as it remains relevant, unless we need to retain it because we are required to do so by law, to defend and exercise claims, or for regulatory reasons. 3.1 Usage Data, Profile Information and Data Collected via ShareThis.com We retain Usage Data and Profile Information for up to 13 months from the date of collection for targeted advertising, and for up to 36 months for insights and analytics. We also retain data collected via ShareThis.com for up to 36 months for analytics and to ensure that our website functions properly. We may aggregate and anonymize data so that it can no longer be linked to a device or individual, therefore it ceases to be personal data, and we may retain this data for longer periods. 3.2 Account Information We retain Account Information for as long as you have an active account with us. If you have not logged into any of our services with your username and password for a period of 14 consecutive months, we may deem your account as being inactive and delete your Account Information. This could result in the loss of data you may have saved and we do not accept liability for such deletion. You always have the option to cancel your account with us at any time. Simply sign into the site and click on the My Account at the top of the page. Click on Edit Profile and then select Deactivate Account and follow the instructions. You may also request to have your Account Information removed by submitting a request to privacy@sharethis.com . 4. Data Security The security of your information is a high priority to ShareThis. We have implemented industry-standard security measures. While no transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure, we strive to protect your data. It may be possible for third parties not under the control of ShareThis to unlawfully intercept or access transmissions of private communications. ShareThis cannot ensure or warrant the security of information you transmit to us. VI. Commitments to Privacy Standards ShareThis promotes transparency and control for users as members of various self-regulatory programs. ShareThis also participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-US and Swiss U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks. ShareThis is a member of the following self-regulatory programs: Network Advertising Initiative (NAI): ShareThis adheres to the NAI Code of Conduct .NAI offers an online web opt-out platform to allow consumers to express their choices and provides general information related to privacy and Interest Based Advertising . The Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA): ShareThis adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. The DAA opt-out platform offers the consumer a choice page to opt out from advertising services, and general information related to privacy. European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA): ShareThis adheres to the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance’s (“EDAA”) principles . The EDAA opt-out platform offers consumers in the European Union a choice page to opt out from advertising services, and general information related to privacy. GDPR and Swiss Privacy Shield: ShareThis, Inc. is committed to protecting data and enabling individual privacy rights in every location we do business. Therefore, we comply with the GDPR and the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Frameworks. In accordance with the GDPR, which is designed to empower and protect the data privacy rights of EU individuals, ShareThis makes available user consent tools (ShareThis is a registered CMP with the IAB Transparency and Consent Framework), as well as facilitating user data rights outlined throughout this notice. VII. User Choices and Opt-out Rights If you do not want to receive advertisements based on Usage Data and Profile Information collected by ShareThis on your current browser, you can change and manage your preferences in relation to the collection and processing of Usage Data and Profile Information by clicking the ShareThis opt-out button available on this privacy policy. When data subjects opt-out, ShareThis will stop profiling, engaging in targeted advertising and/or selling or otherwise transferring data about their browser or device to third parties in accordance with applicable law. If you do not want to receive ads based on Usage Data collected by ShareThis whatever device or browser used, you must opt-out from our services for each device and each internet web browser. Click below to “Limit Ad-Tracking” function on mobile devices: Instructions by Google for most Androids: Google Play Help Instructions by Apple for iOS version 6 and above: Apple Support Center Furthermore: This process does not mean you will stop seeing advertisements, but that the advertisements you do see will not be influenced by the Usage Data collected and Profile Information used by ShareThis. If you have any questions about your opt-out rights, you can write to us at privacy@sharethis.com . Browser environment: (desktop, tablet, and smartphone browsers) When you change your consents or opt out, an opt-out cookie will be set on your browser. We must maintain the opt-out cookie on your browser in order to recognize you as having opted out from our service. The ShareThis opt-out cookie is like any other cookie; therefore, if you clear that cookie from your browser, use a different internet browser, or use a new computer to access the internet you must go through the process again. You can also opt out by visiting the following links. The Ghostery browser extension is also a good tool to see a list of all third-party cookies on each website you visit and allows you to selectively opt out. Note: The opt-out tools above are currently cookie-based i.e., they set a cookie on your browser which tells us that you have opted out. This means that the opt-out will only function if your browser is set to accept third party cookies. If your browser is set to automatically reject cookies or if you remove all cookies from your browser, the opt-out mechanism will not work since we would not see an opt-out cookie on your browser. Also keep in mind that cookies are browser based, therefore if you change browsers, operating systems, or computers you would need to opt out again. Mobile environment: While the opt-out methods described above often work for mobile web browsing, they are cookie-based and are therefore less reliable in mobile “app” environments that may not accept interest-based advertising cookies. Instead, you can typically opt out at the mobile platform level by the “limit ad tracking” function within the settings, as described below. Though we do not collect data from mobile apps for interest-based advertising, we or third parties we work with may use such data collected by others in delivering interest-based ads. Most Android Users: To use the “opt-out of interest-based advertising” option, follow the instructions provided by Google here: Google Play Help . Please note that this is a device setting and will disable interest-based ads from all providers, and not just for ShareThis. iOS users: (version 6 and above) To use the “Limit Ad-Tracking” option, follow the instructions provided by Apple here: Apple Support Center .Please note that this is a device setting and will disable interest-based ads from all providers, and not just for ShareThis. Do Not Track: You may also stop the collection of your Usage Data by using the do-not-track function or similar privacy controls of your browser. ShareThis recognizes these do-not-track signals from your browser. As required by law, or where we are able to ascertain that such signals are enacted by you and not set by default by your browser, we will consider them to be an indication that you have opted out. Onward Transfer/Privacy Shield: ShareThis complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and the United Kingdom and/or Switzerland to the United States in reliance on Privacy Shield. The Privacy Shield is administered by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries as well as Switzerland and the United Kingdom. ShareThis has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability. If there is any conflict between the policies in this privacy notice and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov . In the context of an onward transfer, ShareThis is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives under the Privacy Shield and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. ShareThis shall remain liable under the Privacy Shield principles if its agent processes such personal data in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield principles, unless the ShareThis proves that it is not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. In compliance with the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles, ShareThis commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collecting or use of your personal information. European Union, UK, or Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy notice should first contact ShareThis directly at privacy@sharethis.com . We will respond to your complaint within 30 days of receipt. We have further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the EU-US and Swiss-US Privacy Shield Principles to BBB EU PRIVACY SHIELD, a non-profit alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States and operated by the Council of Better Business Bureaus. If you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit www.bbb.org/EU-privacy-shield/for-eu-consumers/ for more information and to file a complaint. For residual disputes that cannot be resolved by the methods above, under limited circumstances, a binding arbitration option may be available before a Privacy Shield Panel. To find out more about the Privacy Shield’s binding arbitration scheme, please see: https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction . The Federal Trade Commission has investigation and enforcement authority over our compliance with the Privacy Shield. If you believe we have not respected your rights or otherwise not handled data correctly, then we encourage you to contact us directly and we will do everything possible to help. However, where you still have a complaint, then you have the right to raise the matter with the Supervisory Authority (or data protection agency) in your country for resolution. Contact Information ShareThis, Inc.3000 El Camino RealBuilding 4, Suite 200Palo Alto, CA 94306, USAprivacy@sharethis.com We have appointed a data protection officer to supervise our personal data processing-related activities, and to respond to requests as required. Our DPO can be contacted as follows: Vincent Potier (ShareThis DPO): dpo@sharethis.com ShareThis’ representative in the UK is: ShareThis UK Limited of 10 John Street, LondonWC1N 2EB, UK VeraSafe has been appointed as ShareThis’s representative in the European Union for data protection matters, pursuant to Article 27 of the General Data Protection Regulation of the European Union. If you are in the European Economic Area, VeraSafe can be contacted in addition to representative@sharethis.com, only on matters related to the processing of personal data. To make such an inquiry, please contact VeraSafe using this contact form: https://verasafe.com/public-resources/contact-data-protection-representative, via email at info@VeraSafe.com, or via telephone at: 1-617-398-7067. Opt-out confirmed Now, we can’t sell your data.Close Website ToolsShareThis DataCompanyPrivacy Stay in touch © 2023 ShareThis. All Rights Reserved. EN 117k Shares Share Tweet Share Email Share SharePrivacy & Terms Privacy Policy Google Privacy Policy When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information. Privacy Checkup Looking to change your privacy settings? Contents We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include: Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google HomePlatforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating systemProducts that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads, analytics, and embedded Google Maps You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web in a private mode, like Chrome Incognito mode. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control what we collect and how your information is used. To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for key terms . And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us . Information Google collects We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful , the people who matter most to you online , or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls. When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. This allows us to do things like maintain your preferences across browsing sessions, such as your preferred language or whether to show you more relevant search results or ads based on your activity. When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as personal information . Things you create or provide to us When you create a Google Account, you provide us with personal information that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a phone number or payment information to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to communicate with Google or receive updates about our services. We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services. This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos. Information we collect as you use our services Your apps, browsers & devices We collect information about the apps, browsers, and devices you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low. The information we collect includes unique identifiers , browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including IP address , crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your request. We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an Android device with Google apps , your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your device type and carrier name , crash reports, which apps you've installed, and, depending on your device settings, other information about how you’re using your Android device . Your activity We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like.The activity information we collect may include: Terms you search forVideos you watchPurchase activityPeople with whom you communicate or share contentActivity on third-party sites and apps that use our servicesChrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account If you use our services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages , we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages. You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account. Your location information We collect information about your location when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions, search results for things near you, and ads based on your general location. Your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by: GPS and other sensor data from your device Activity on Google services, such as your searches and places you label like home or work Information about things near your device , such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices The types of location data we collect and how long we store it depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can turn your Android device’s location on or off using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on Location History if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices. And if your Web & App Activity setting is enabled, your searches and other activity from Google services, which may also include location information, is saved to your Google Account. Learn more about how we use location information . In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources . For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, such as directory services who provide us with business information to be displayed on Google’s services, marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse . We also receive information from advertising partners to provide advertising and research services on their behalf . We use various technologies to collect and store information, including cookies , pixel tags , local storage, such as browser web storage or application data caches , databases, and server logs . Why Google collects data We use data to build better services We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes: Provide our services We use your information to deliver our services , like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts. Maintain & improve our services We also use your information to ensure our services are working as intended , such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to make improvements to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services. Develop new services We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos. Provide personalized services, including content and ads We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results . For example, Security Checkup provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like. Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalized ads based on your interests. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see ads for sports equipment on YouTube. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . We don’t show you personalized ads based on sensitive categories , such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.We don’t show you personalized ads based on your content from Drive, Gmail, or Photos.We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to.For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop. Measure performance We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites or use apps that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to link information about your activity from that site or app with activity from other sites or apps that use our ad services. Communicate with you We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing. Protect Google, our users, and the public We use information to help improve the safety and reliability of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public . We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use algorithms to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate. We may combine the information we collect among our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google. If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example. We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy. Your privacy controls You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the Privacy Checkup , which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our Product Privacy Guide . Managing, reviewing, and updating your information When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google. We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your Google Account includes: Privacy controls Activity Controls Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, if you have YouTube History turned on, the videos you watch and the things you search for are saved in your account so you can get better recommendations and remember where you left off. And if you have Web & App Activity turned on, your searches and activity from other Google services are saved in your account so you can get more personalized experiences like faster searches and more helpful app and content recommendations. Web & App Activity also has a subsetting that lets you control whether information about your activity on other sites, apps, and devices that use Google services , such as apps you install and use on Android, is saved in your Google Account and used to improve Google services. Ad settings Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.About you Manage personal info in your Google Account and control who can see it across Google services. Shared endorsements Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads. Sites and apps that use Google services Manage information that websites and apps using Google services, like Google Analytics, may share with Google when you visit or interact with their services. Ways to review & update your information My Activity My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s saved to your Google Account when you’re signed in and using Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity. Google Dashboard Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Your personal information Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number. When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including: Signed-out search personalization: Choose whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.YouTube settings: Pause and delete your YouTube Search History and your YouTube Watch History . Ad Settings: Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Exporting, removing & deleting your information You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Inactive Account Manager allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account. And finally, you can also request to remove content from specific Google services based on applicable law and our policies. There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including: Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a cookie in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services rely on cookies to function properly , for things like remembering your language preferences.Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can modify location settings on your Android device. Sharing your information When you share your information Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search. When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting . When Google shares your information We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases: With your consent We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you use Google Home to make a reservation through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We also provide you with controls to review and manage third party apps and sites you have given access to data in your Google Account. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any sensitive personal information . With domain administrators If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your domain administrator and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account.They may be able to: Access and retain information stored in your account, like your emailView statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you installChange your account passwordSuspend or terminate your account accessReceive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental requestRestrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings For external processing We provide personal information to our affiliates and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help operate our data centers, deliver our products and services, improve our internal business processes, and offer additional support to customers and users. We also use service providers to help review YouTube video content for public safety and analyze and listen to samples of saved user audio to help improve Google’s audio recognition technologies. For legal reasons We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to: Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request . We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report .Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues. Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users , or the public as required or permitted by law. We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. We also allow specific partners to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies. If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy. Keeping your information secure We build security into our services to protect your information All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected. We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including: We use encryption to keep your data private while in transitWe offer a range of security features, like Safe Browsing , Security Checkup, and 2 Step Verification to help you protect your accountWe review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations. Exporting & deleting your information You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google. To delete your information, you can: Delete your content from specific Google services Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity Delete specific Google products , including your information associated with those products Retaining your information We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings: Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as your personal info or the content you create or upload, like photos and documents . You can also delete activity information saved in your account, or choose to have it deleted automatically after a set period of time. We’ll keep this data in your Google Account until you remove it or choose to have it removed.Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as advertising data in server logs.We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping. When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems. You can read more about Google’s data retention periods , including how long it takes us to delete your information. Compliance & cooperation with regulators We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it. Data transfers We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data. When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly. U.S. state law requirements Some U.S. state privacy laws require specific disclosures. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how Google handles your information: We explain the categories of information Google collects and the sources of that information in Information Google collects .We explain the purposes for which Google collects and uses information in Why Google collects data .We explain when Google may disclose information in Sharing your information . Google does not sell your personal information. Google also does not “share” your personal information as that term is defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). We explain how Google retains information in Retaining your information . You can also learn more about how Google anonymizes data . As described there, when Google anonymizes data to protect your privacy, we maintain policies and technical measures to avoid re-identifying that information. U.S. state privacy laws also provide the right to request information about how Google collects, uses, and discloses your information. And they give you the right to access your information, sometimes in a portable format; correct your information; and to request that Google delete that information. Many of these laws also provide the right to opt out of certain forms of profiling and targeted advertising. They also provide the right to not be discriminated against for exercising these privacy rights. Finally, the CCPA treats certain kinds of information, like health data, as sensitive; when users provide this information, Google only uses it for purposes permitted by the CCPA, like to provide services that are requested and expected by our users. We describe the choices you have to manage your privacy and data across Google’s services in Your privacy controls . These tools allow you to access, review, update and delete your information, as well as export and download a copy of it. You can also control what information we use to show you ads, or turn off personalized ads, by visiting My Ad Center . When you use these tools, we’ll validate your request by verifying that you’re signed in to your Google Account. If you have questions or requests related to your rights under U.S. state privacy laws, you (or your authorized agent) can also contact Google . And if you disagree with the decision on your request, you can ask Google to reconsider it by responding to our email. We also provide more information on Google’s handling of CCPA requests. Some U.S. state privacy laws also require a description of data practices using specific categories. This table uses these categories to organize the information in this Privacy Policy. Categories of information we collect Identifiers and similar information such as your name and password, phone number, and address, as well as unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. Some Google services like YouTube Studio provide the option to submit a valid ID (such as a passport or driver’s license) to verify your identity to use additional features.Demographic information , such as your age , gender and language . If you choose to use optional features like YouTube Creator Demographics , you can also provide additional information, like your gender identity or race and ethnicity. Commercial information such as your payment information and a history of purchases you make on Google’s services. Biometric information if you choose to provide it, such as fingerprints in Google’s product development studies. Internet, network, and other activity information such as your search terms; views and interactions with content and ads; Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account; information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity); and activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in My Activity . Geolocation data , such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings. Depending on these settings, this may include precise location data , for example GPS data for Android features like navigation or finding your phone. Learn more about Google’s use of location information . Audio, electronic, visual, and similar information , such as voice and audio information . Communications data , such as emails, if you use our services to send and receive messages . Health information if you choose to provide it, such as your medical history, vital signs and health metrics (like blood glucose levels), and other similar information related to your physical or mental health, in the course of using Google services that offer health-related features, such as the Google Health Studies app . Professional, employment, and education information , such as information you provide or that is maintained through an organization using Google services at which you study or work. Other information you create or provide , such as the content you create, upload, or receive (like photos and videos or emails, docs and spreadsheets). Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products. Inferences drawn from the above, like your ads interest categories . Business purposes for which information may be used or disclosed Protecting against security threats, abuse, and illegal activity : Google uses and may disclose information to detect, prevent and respond to security incidents, and for protecting against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity. For example, to protect our services, Google may receive or disclose information about IP addresses that malicious actors have compromised. Auditing and measurement : Google uses information for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used, as well as to fulfill obligations to our partners like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. We may disclose non-personally identifiable information publicly and with these partners, including for auditing purposes. Maintaining our services : Google uses information to ensure our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting bugs and other issues that you report to us. Research and development : Google uses information to improve our services and to develop new products, features and technologies that benefit our users and the public. For example, we use publicly available information to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Use of service providers : Google shares information with service providers to perform services on our behalf, in compliance with our Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we may rely on service providers to help provide customer support. Advertising : Google processes information to provide advertising, including online identifiers, browsing and search activity, and information about your location and interactions with advertisements. This keeps Google’s services and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings in My Ad Center . Legal reasons : Google also uses information to satisfy applicable laws or regulations, and discloses information in response to legal process or enforceable government requests, including to law enforcement. We provide information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report . Parties with whom information may be disclosed Other people with whom you choose to share your information , like docs or photos, and videos or comments on YouTube. Third parties with your consent , such as services that integrate with Google’s services.You can review and manage third party apps and sites with access to data in your Google Account. Service providers , trusted businesses, or persons that process information on Google’s behalf, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Domain administrators , if you work or study at an organization that uses Google services. Law enforcement or other third parties , for the legal reasons described in Sharing your information . About this policy When this policy applies This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its affiliates , including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to: The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our servicesServices offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites they offer that may include Google services to which the policy applies, or products or sites displayed to you in search results, or linked from our services Changes to this policy We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to archived versions for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes). Related privacy practices Specific Google services The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services: If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the Google Cloud Privacy Notice . Other useful resources The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings. Your Google Account is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account Privacy Checkup guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account Google’s safety center helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online Google’s Teen Privacy Guide provides answers to some of the top questions we get asked about privacy Privacy & Terms provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service Technologies includes more information about:Technologies used for Advertising Key terms Affiliates An affiliate is an entity that belongs to the Google group of companies, including the following companies that provide consumer services in the EU: Google Ireland Limited, Google Commerce Ltd, Google Payment Corp, and Google Dialer Inc. Learn more about the companies providing business services in the EU . Algorithm A process or set of rules followed by a computer in performing problem-solving operations. Application data cache An application data cache is a data repository on a device. It can, for example, enable a web application to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content. Browser web storage Browser web storage enables websites to store data in a browser on a device. When used in "local storage" mode, it enables data to be stored across sessions. This makes data retrievable even after a browser has been closed and reopened. One technology that facilitates web storage is HTML 5. Cookies A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Learn more about how Google uses cookies and how Google uses data, including cookies, when you use our partners' sites or apps . Device A device is a computer that can be used to access Google services. For example, desktop computers, tablets, smart speakers, and smartphones are all considered devices. Google Account You may access some of our services by signing up for a Google Account and providing us with some personal information (typically your name, email address, and a password). This account information is used to authenticate you when you access Google services and protect your account from unauthorized access by others. You can edit or delete your account at any time through your Google Account settings.IP address Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. Non-personally identifiable information This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually-identifiable user. Personal information This is information that you provide to us which personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, or billing information, or other data that can be reasonably linked to such information by Google, such as information we associate with your Google Account. Pixel tag A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking certain activity, such as views of a website or when an email is opened. Pixel tags are often used in combination with cookies. Referrer URL A Referrer URL (Uniform Resource Locator) is information transmitted to a destination webpage by a web browser, typically when you click a link to that page. The Referrer URL contains the URL of the last webpage the browser visited. Sensitive personal information This is a particular category of personal information relating to topics such as confidential medical facts, racial or ethnic origins, political or religious beliefs, or sexuality. Server logs Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. A typical log entry for a search for “cars” looks like this: is the Internet Protocol address assigned to the user by the user’s ISP. Depending on the user’s service, a different address may be assigned to the user by their service provider each time they connect to the Internet. is the date and time of the query. is the requested URL, including the search query. is the browser and operating system being used. is the unique cookie ID assigned to this particular computer the first time it visited Google. (Cookies can be deleted by users. If the user has deleted the cookie from the computer since the last time they’ve visited Google, then it will be the unique cookie ID assigned to their device the next time they visit Google from that particular device). Unique identifiers A unique identifier is a string of characters that can be used to uniquely identify a browser, app, or device. Different identifiers vary in how permanent they are, whether they can be reset by users, and how they can be accessed. Unique identifiers can be used for various purposes, including security and fraud detection, syncing services such as your email inbox, remembering your preferences, and providing personalized advertising. For example, unique identifiers stored in cookies help sites display content in your browser in your preferred language. You can configure your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Learn more about how Google uses cookies . On other platforms besides browsers, unique identifiers are used to recognize a specific device or app on that device. For example, a unique identifier such as the Advertising ID is used to provide relevant advertising on Android devices, and can be managed in your device’s settings. Unique identifiers may also be incorporated into a device by its manufacturer (sometimes called a universally unique ID or UUID), such as the IMEI-number of a mobile phone. For example, a device’s unique identifier can be used to customize our service to your device or analyze device issues related to our services. Additional Context ads you’ll find most useful For example, if you watch videos about baking on YouTube, you may see more ads that relate to baking as you browse the web. We also may use your IP address to determine your approximate location, so that we can serve you ads for a nearby pizza delivery service if you search for “pizza.” Learn more about Google ads and why you may see particular ads . advertising and research services on their behalf For example, advertisers may upload data from their loyalty-card programs so that they can better understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We only provide aggregated reports to advertisers that don’t reveal information about individual people. Android device with Google apps Android devices with Google apps include devices sold by Google or one of our partners and include phones, cameras, vehicles, wearables, and televisions. These devices use Google Play Services and other pre-installed apps that include services like Gmail, Maps, your phone’s camera and phone dialer, text-to-speech conversion, keyboard input, and security features.Learn more about Google Play Services . combine the information we collect Some examples of how we combine the information we collect include: When you’re signed in to your Google Account and search on Google, you can see search results from the public web, along with relevant information from the content you have in other Google products, like Gmail or Google Calendar. This can include things like the status of your upcoming flights, restaurant, and hotel reservations, or your photos. Learn more If you have communicated with someone via Gmail and want to add them to a Google Doc or an event in Google Calendar, Google makes it easy to do so by autocompleting their email address when you start to type in their name. This feature makes it easier to share things with people you know. Learn more The Google app can use data that you have stored in other Google products to show you personalized content, depending on your settings. For example, if you have searches stored in your Web & App Activity, the Google app can show you news articles and other information about your interests, like sports scores, based your activity. Learn more If you link your Google Account to your Google Home, you can manage your information and get things done through the Google Assistant. For example, you can add events to your Google Calendar or get your schedule for the day, ask for status updates on your upcoming flight, or send information like driving directions to your phone. Learn more customized search results For example, when you’re signed in to your Google Account and have the Web & App Activity control enabled, you can get more relevant search results that are based on your previous searches and activity from other Google services. You can learn more here . You may also get customized search results even when you’re signed out. If you don’t want this level of search customization, you can search and browse privately or turn off signed-out search personalization . deliver our services Examples of how we use your information to deliver our services include: We use the IP address assigned to your device to send you the data you requested, such as loading a YouTube videoWe use unique identifiers stored in cookies on your device to help us authenticate you as the person who should have access to your Google AccountPhotos and videos you upload to Google Photos are used to help you create albums, animations, and other creations that you can share. Learn more A flight confirmation email you receive may be used to create a “check-in” button that appears in your GmailWhen you purchase services or physical goods from us, you may provide us information like your shipping address or delivery instructions. We use this information for things like processing, fulfilling, and delivering your order, and to provide support in connection with the product or service you purchase. detect abuse When we detect spam, malware, illegal content, and other forms of abuse on our systems in violation of our policies, we may disable your account or take other appropriate action. In certain circumstances, we may also report the violation to appropriate authorities. devices For example, we can use information from your devices to help you decide which device you’d like to use to install an app or view a movie you buy from Google Play. We also use this information to help protect your account. ensure and improve For example, we analyze how people interact with advertising to improve the performance of our ads. ensure our services are working as intended For example, we continuously monitor our systems to look for problems. And if we find something wrong with a specific feature, reviewing activity information collected before the problem started allows us to fix things more quickly. Information about things near your device If you use Google’s Location services on Android, we can improve the performance of apps that rely on your location, like Google Maps. If you use Google’s Location services, your device sends information to Google about its location, sensors (like accelerometer), and nearby cell towers and Wi-Fi access points (like MAC address and signal strength). All these things help to determine your location. You can use your device settings to enable Google Location services. Learn more legal process, or enforceable governmental request Like other technology and communications companies, Google regularly receives requests from governments and courts around the world to disclose user data. Respect for the privacy and security of data you store with Google underpins our approach to complying with these legal requests. Our legal team reviews each and every request, regardless of type, and we frequently push back when a request appears to be overly broad or doesn’t follow the correct process. Learn more in our Transparency Report . make improvements For example, we use cookies to analyze how people interact with our services.And that analysis can help us build better products. For example, it may help us discover that it’s taking people too long to complete a certain task or that they have trouble finishing steps at all. We can then redesign that feature and improve the product for everyone. may link information Google Analytics relies on first-party cookies, which means the cookies are set by the Google Analytics customer. Using our systems, data generated through Google Analytics can be linked by the Google Analytics customer and by Google to third-party cookies that are related to visits to other websites. For example, an advertiser may want to use its Google Analytics data to create more relevant ads, or to further analyze its traffic. Learn more our users For example, to prevent abuse and increase transparency and accountability over our online content moderation practices, Google shares data about requests for removal of content from our services with Lumen, which collects and analyzes these requests to facilitate research to help Internet users understand their rights. Learn more . partner with Google There are over 2 million non-Google websites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. Learn more payment information For example, if you add a credit card or other payment method to your Google Account, you can use it to buy things across our services, like apps in the Play Store. We may also ask for other information, like a business tax ID, to help process your payment. In some cases, we may also need to verify your identity and may ask you for information to do this. We may also use payment information to verify that you meet age requirements, if, for example, you enter an incorrect birthday indicating you’re not old enough to have a Google Account. Learn more personalized ads You may also see personalized ads based on information from the advertiser. If you shopped on an advertiser's website, for example, they can use that visit information to show you ads. Learn more phone number If you add your phone number to your account, it can be used for different purposes across Google services, depending on your settings. For example, your phone number can be used to help you access your account if you forget your password, help people find and connect with you, and make the ads you see more relevant to you. Learn more protect against abuse For example, information about security threats can help us notify you if we think your account has been compromised (at which point we can help you take steps to protect your account). publicly accessible sources For example, we may collect information that’s publicly available online or from other public sources to help train Google’s AI models and build products and features like Google Translate, Bard, and Cloud AI capabilities. Or, if your business’s information appears on a website, we may index and display it on Google services. rely on cookies to function properly For example, we use a cookie called ‘lbcs’ that makes it possible for you to open many Google Docs in one browser. Blocking this cookie would prevent Google Docs from working as expected. Learn more safety and reliability Some examples of how we use your information to help keep our services safe and reliable include: Collecting and analyzing IP addresses and cookie data to protect against automated abuse. This abuse takes many forms, such as sending spam to Gmail users, stealing money from advertisers by fraudulently clicking on ads, or censoring content by launching a Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attack.The “last account activity” feature in Gmail can help you find out if and when someone accessed your email without your knowledge. This feature shows you information about recent activity in Gmail, such as the IP addresses that accessed your mail, the associated location, and the date and time of access. Learn more sensitive categories When showing you personalized ads, we use topics that we think might be of interest to you based on your activity. For example, you may see ads for things like "Cooking and Recipes" or "Air Travel.” We don’t use topics or show personalized ads based on sensitive categories like race, religion, sexual orientation, or health. And we require the same from advertisers that use our services. Sensor data from your device Your device may have sensors that can be used to better understand your location and movement. For example, an accelerometer can be used to determine your speed and a gyroscope to figure out your direction of travel. servers around the world For example, we operate data centers located around the world to help keep our products continuously available for users.services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages Examples of these services include: Google Voice, for making and receiving calls, sending text messages, and managing voicemailGoogle Meet, for making and receiving video callsGmail, for sending and receiving emailsGoogle Chat, for sending and receiving messagesGoogle Duo, for making and receiving video calls and sending and receiving messagesGoogle Fi, for a phone plan show trends When lots of people start searching for something, it can provide useful information about particular trends at that time. Google Trends samples Google web searches to estimate the popularity of searches over a certain period of time and shares those results publicly in aggregated terms. Learn more specific Google services For example, you can delete your blog from Blogger or a Google Site you own from Google Sites. You can also delete reviews you’ve left on apps, games, and other content in the Play Store. specific partners For example, we allow YouTube creators and advertisers to work with measurement companies to learn about the audience of their YouTube videos or ads, using cookies or similar technologies. Another example is merchants on our shopping pages, who use cookies to understand how many different people see their product listings. Learn more about these partners and how they use your information. synced with your Google Account Your Chrome browsing history is only saved to your account if you’ve enabled Chrome synchronization with your Google Account. Learn more the people who matter most to you online For example, when you type an address in the To, Cc, or Bcc field of an email you're composing, Gmail will suggest addresses based on the people you contact most frequently . the public For example, we process information about requests to remove content from our services under Google's content removal policies or applicable law to assess the request, and to ensure transparency, improve accountability and prevent abuse and fraud in these practices. third parties For example, we process your information to report use statistics to rights holders about how their content was used in our services. We may also process your information if people search for your name and we display search results for sites containing publicly available information about you. U.S. state privacy laws These laws include: California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA);Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act (VCDPA);Colorado Privacy Act (CPA);Connecticut Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy and Online Monitoring (CTDPA); andUtah Consumer Privacy Act (UCPA) Views and interactions with content and ads For example, we collect information about views and interactions with ads so we can provide aggregated reports to advertisers, like telling them whether we served their ad on a page and whether the ad was likely seen by a viewer. We may also measure other interactions, such as how you move your mouse over an ad or if you interact with the page on which the ad appears. Voice and audio information For example, you can choose whether you want Google to save an audio recording to your Google Account when you interact with Google Search, Assistant, and Maps. When your device detects an audio activation command, like “Hey Google,” Google records your voice and audio plus a few seconds before the activation. Learn more your activity on other sites and apps This activity might come from your use of Google services, like from syncing your account with Chrome or your visits to sites and apps that partner with Google. Many websites and apps partner with Google to improve their content and services. For example, a website might use our advertising services (like AdSense) or analytics tools (like Google Analytics), or it might embed other content (such as videos from YouTube). These services may share information about your activity with Google and, depending on your account settings and the products in use (for instance, when a partner uses Google Analytics in conjunction with our advertising services), this data may be associated with your personal information. Learn more about how Google uses data when you use our partners' sites or apps. Change language: