HomeNewsTo VideolandPrivacy and cookie statement Videoland Privacy and cookie statement Videoland 1. Introduction This privacy and cookie statement applies to the processing of personal data by Videoland, and describes which personal data Videoland processes and how they are used. Personal data is understood to mean: all data concerning the User, with which the User can be traced directly or indirectly. The data and information mentioned in this privacy and cookie statement may contain personal data. Through Videoland's Service, the User can purchase audiovisual material, such as films, television series, trailers and previews, via various Devices, after payment and exclusively for end use under the applicability of Videoland's Terms of Use. Videoland is responsible for the processing of personal data for the Website and the Service. As explained in more detail below, Videoland collects data about the Users when they register for the Service for the first time (via RTL ID), when they subsequently use the Service and during every contact between Videoland and the User. This information is used (sometimes in combination with other information) to provide and bill for the Service, to improve or tailor the Service to the User's personal preferences or to provide support to the User, and for the other purposes described in this privacy and cookie statement. 2. Definitions Account: The personal registration, consisting of the user name and password, with which the User gains access to the Service. Devices: The devices on which Content can be played, as stated on the Website. Content: Audiovisual material, such as films, television series, trailers and previews. Service: Videoland's service that enables Users to purchase Content via various Devices, after payment and exclusively for end use under the applicability of the Videoland User Conditions. User: The natural person who is not acting in the exercise of a profession or business who purchases Content from Videoland. Privacy and cookie statement: Videoland's current privacy and cookie statement. RTL: The private company with limited liability, RTL Nederland Interactief B.V., with its registered office at Barend en Van Dorpweg 2, in (1217 WP) Hilversum (Chamber of Commerce 32055892). Videoland: The private company with limited liability, The Entertainment Group B.V., with its registered office at Barend en Van Dorpweg 2, in (1217 WP) Hilversum (Chamber of Commerce 17279203). Website: The Website of the Videoland Service: can be found at www.videoland.com and www.videolandondemand.com. 3. How do we collect information Videoland collects information about the Users in the following ways: Directly from the person concerned: for example, if the person concerned registers as a User to use the Service, if he signs up for a special promotion or promotion of Videoland, if a User sends an e-mail or otherwise contacts Videoland, for example with questions about the use of the Service. As a result of using the Service : anyone can visit the Website, and Users can access the Content with their Account. Videoland uses cookies to collect data about visits to the Website. Videoland can use the Account to keep track of the use Users make of the Service, including the Content that is viewed using the Account. From RTL : in order to use the Service, the User must create an Account using RTL ID of RTL. The data provided by the User (i.e. e-mail address, first name, (insert), last name, date of birth and gender) are stored by Videoland. From third parties: for example, if a visitor to the Website or a User uses social network functions that are integrated in our Service, Videoland may receive certain information from the relevant social network, such as Facebook, Twitter and Google+. Videoland may also receive information from partners who pay for the Service on behalf of the User. 4. Cookies What they are: Cookies are small files that the Website may place on the User's computer or other Devices on which the User plays the Content. For example, the User can be easily recognized on a subsequent visit without having to log in to his Account again. Cookies can also be used to collect information from other visitors to the Website (not being Users) about their use of the Website. There are different types of cookies.In some cases, cookies are automatically deleted when the User closes his browser, in other cases, these cookies are stored longer and can also be read during a subsequent visit to the Website. Insofar as Videoland collects personal data using cookies, these will be processed in accordance with the provisions of this privacy and cookie statement. Which cookies Videoland uses: Videoland itself places cookies to recognize the User on a subsequent visit without having to log in to his Account again. In addition, Videoland uses third-party services to analyze the use of the Website. These services also place cookies on your Devices, which are used to generate aggregated reports on how visitors use the Website. It is possible that in the future other cookies will be placed from the Website, by Videoland or by others. If necessary, your permission will first be requested. For more information click here . Which cookies does RTL use: RTL places cookies for RTL ID to recognize the User on a subsequent visit without having to log in to his Account again. For more information about the processing of personal data by RTL, please refer to RTL's privacy and cookie statement. Third Party Cookies: Third Party Cookies are created by or for third parties, and are stored on your computer or other Devices by third parties, and only third parties have access to those cookies and the information collected by the cookie. Third parties that can place cookies via the Website are, for example, social network services such as Facebook, Twitter and Google+. This is done via the buttons of these services that can be offered on the Website to promote (“like”) or share (“tweet”) the Content. How to refuse or delete cookies: Browser applications can be set so that no new cookies are received during the next use of the Website. The way in which differs per browser; consult the help function of the browser if necessary. It also explains how previously placed cookies can be removed. NB: a visitor to the Website or a User who no longer wishes to receive cookies at all must change these settings in all browsers and on all Devices used. If cookies are refused and/or deleted, the User or the visitor to the Website may not be able to use all the possibilities of the Website or the Service. 5. What information do we collect about Users Videoland collects and processes the following information about Users, for the purposes explained elsewhere in this privacy and cookie statement: Contact details and Account: Videoland stores the data that Users provide when they register via the RTL Register ID for a subscription (i.e. email address, first name, (insert), last name, date of birth and gender) or for a promotional action. During the registration procedure, it is indicated whether the requested information is mandatory or not. Payment data: Videoland has – via the party that arranges payments on its behalf – information stored about (the method of) invoicing and payment for the Service (for example, credit card details or banking details in the case of a direct debit authorization). Information posted on the Website by Users themselves: Videoland can, for example, offer the possibility to post comments on Content. Videoland may display this information on the Website or in apps or social media tools it develops to offer or promote the Service. Information about the requested Content: Videoland can keep track of which Content is requested using a User's Account. Other information about the use of the Website and the Service: Videoland can also collect more general information about the use that Users and Website visitors make of the Website, and the use that Users make of the Service, for example by keeping track of how often and from which IP address the User logs in, with which browser the Website is visited or with which type of Device the Content is requested. Information about the Videoland app(s): When using the Videoland app(s) on a mobile Device, the unique identification code of that Device can be recorded. Videoland can also record the type of Device used or the version of the operating system used. Videoland can also record how the app is used and where it was downloaded.Information about responses to emails: If Videoland sends emails to the Users, information may be collected about how the User responds to such emails, for example the number of times the email is opened or the links contained in it is clicked. Information following contact with the User: for example, if a User asks a question by e-mail or contacts the telephone helpdesk. 6. How we use this information To provide the Service: For example, Videoland uses the Account to give you access to the Website and the Content, and other information provided during registration (such as name and date of birth) to verify whether the User meets the requirements. The contact details provided can be used to inform you about, for example, changes to the Service or planned maintenance (service e-mails). For the settlement of payments: certain data requested during registration are necessary for the settlement of invoicing and payment for the Service. To identify preferences and personalize the Service: Videoland can keep track of which Content is requested using a User's Account, in order to tailor the Service to the User's personal preferences as evidenced by viewing behaviour. for example, by recommending Content that matches previously viewed Content, or by saving favorites as part of the search functionality. To improve the Service and identify general trends: Videoland uses the (consumption) data of all Users to generally analyze how the Service is used and which trends can be observed in it, in order to make better informed decisions about, for example, the further development of the Service and the range of Content. More technical trends can also be tracked for that purpose, for example with which types of Devices or browsers a User requests the Content. To prevent abuse: Videoland also processes the information about the Users and the use of the Service to prevent abuse of the Service and the Content, to prevent fraud (for example with credit cards or other means of payment), and to protect the rights of others (including those entitled to the Content). For market research: Videoland can contact Users, former Users and visitors to the Website who have provided their contact details for market research. Participation in such research is always on a voluntary basis. Based on this research, Videoland can send offers to Users who have participated in this research, if they have given permission first. For marketing purposes: Videoland can also use contact details and other collected data to draw attention to itself by telephone, by post, e-mail, SMS or other suitable targeted media, promotions or offers (action e-mails), or to Keeping Users informed about the Service and the Content (newsletter e-mails). Users can unsubscribe from this at any time. For others than Users, Videoland will only approach them if the person concerned has requested this, for example by registering for this. Compliance with laws and regulations: information can be used to comply with laws and regulations that apply to Videoland, to handle disputes and to have audits carried out. For other reasons permitted or prescribed by law: in exceptional circumstances, Videoland may also use data for other purposes if permitted or prescribed by law. For example, if Videoland has to provide data by order of the court or investigative authorities. 7. With whom do we share this information With (other) suppliers of Videoland: Videoland can pass on information about Users to suppliers it uses to realize the Service (for example a mailing company, call center, collection agency or market research agency). With other partners of Videoland: With the consent of the Users, Videoland can also provide information to other partners selected by Videoland for marketing purposes. With the authorities and others: in exceptional cases, Videoland can provide data to authorities or third parties, if Videoland is obliged to do so by law or by order of the court, or if there are reasonable grounds to assume that this is necessary to prevent damage or misuse. 8. Exchange of information with RTL As described above, RTL can receive and provide information about Users to Videoland for various purposes. In some cases, this only happens with the consent of the User.RTL receives information from Videoland about the use of the Website and the Service, including the User's personal individual preferences, as evidenced by viewing behaviour. RTL provides information to Videoland. In order to use the Service, the User must create an Account using RTL ID of RTL. The data that the User hereby provides (i.e. e-mail address, first name, (insert), last name, date of birth and gender) will be provided to Videoland. RTL is itself responsible for the processing of the data it receives about Users. For more information about the processing of personal data by RTL, please refer to RTL's privacy and cookie statement. 9. Users' rights with regard to their information Users can gain insight into the information processed by Videoland at any time and free of charge and adjust it if desired. Users can also object to receiving information or targeted offers from Videoland by e-mail, telephone, post and/or SMS. If the User wishes to make use of these options, this can be done by contacting customer service. Customer service details can be found at www.videoland.com/customerservice. Customer service can be reached via the contact form on the Website or by telephone on 0800-8085. 10. Persons under the age of 16 Persons who have not yet reached the age of 16 (minors) may only register as a User with the consent of a parent or legal guardian. The parent(s) or legal representative of the minor User should read this privacy and cookie statement in the interest of the minor User and can exercise the rights of the relevant User in place of the minor User. Videoland recommends parents or legal guardians to monitor the use of the Service by a minor User or user and to make such Users aware of the use that can be made of their personal data on the basis of this privacy and cookie statement. 11. Security of information Videoland maintains a security level at all times when processing information about Users and visitors to the Website that, given the state of the art, is sufficient to prevent unauthorized access to, modification, disclosure or loss of personal data. 12. Links to third party websites The Website may contain links to other websites. Videoland cannot bear any responsibility with regard to the use of personal data by the organizations that offer these websites. Read the privacy statement, if available, of the relevant website. 13. Contact Questions about this privacy and cookie statement, or about the way in which Videoland processes User data, can be submitted to Videoland's customer service. Customer service details can be found here. 14. Adjustments to the privacy and cookie statement Videoland reserves the right to make changes to the privacy and cookie statement from time to time. The User should therefore regularly consult this privacy and cookie statement to stay informed of changes. The most current version of the privacy and cookie statement can always be consulted on the Website. Whatsapp Monday to Friday: 10:00-22:00 Weekends and holidays: 12:00-20:00 Social media Monday to Friday: 10:00-22:00 Weekends and holidays: 12:00- 20:00 Phone Weekdays: 12:00-18:00 © 2023 Videoland If you use our websites or apps, we and advertising partners use cookies (and similar techniques) to store and view information on the device that you use and collect (personal) data, such as unique IDs, geolocation and surfing behavior, about you. We use this information to personalize our advertisements and content, to measure the use of advertisements and content, for market research and to improve our products and services. You can save or change your cookie settings by using the buttons below or by going to the privacy settings on the website. Your settings apply to all RTL domains. More information can be found in our privacy statement. We and our partners process data for the following purposes: Actively scan the device characteristics for identification. Storing and/or accessing information on a device. Create a personalized advertising profile. Select personalized ads. Create a personalized content profile. Select personalized content. Measure ad performance. Measure content performance. Apply market research to generate audience insights. Select basic ads.Develop and improve products. How do we use your data? We use the data to build profiles of our users (such as "Female, age 20-49, interested in lifestyle") for personalization purposes; We combine the data with data from offline (often public) sources, such as CBS, to enrich our profiles with socio-demographic data such as income or age categories; We link the data of the devices you use to create links between devices belonging to the same user; We link the data of the domains you have visited within our network to ensure that you have the same user experience everywhere; If you have given permission for this, we use geographic location data to personalize our services, so that we can, for example, send you a local weather report or local to offer news. What data do we collect? Browser type and settings: Information about the operating system of the deviceCookie informationInformation about other identifiers assigned to the device you are usingThe IP address from which the device accesses the websiteInformation about user activity on that device, including the ones visited or used web pages Information about the geographical location of the device when it opens a website If you create an account or take out a subscription: e-mail address, possibly name, age and gender; If you purchase a paid service or buy a ticket for an RTL event: account number and home address; Data about customer contact, for example with our customer care department; Any specific data that you provide to RTL if you register as a candidate for a programme. What do we use your data for? Your privacy Your privacy We like to be transparent about the use of cookies and similar techniques (“cookies”). We use some cookies for functional and (limited) analytical purposes, such as ensuring security, preventing fraud and detecting errors and technically delivering advertisements or content. These cookies cannot be disabled and are necessary for the website/app to function properly, to measure its use and to improve our services. In addition, we and our advertising partners use advertising and behavioral cookies. These cookies are used to measure and personalize advertisements and content and for the other purposes mentioned below. If you disable these cookies, you will still see advertisements, which will no longer be tailored to your interests. The data collected by RTL with cookies is subject to RTL's privacy policy of consent. The data collected with cookies by third parties, such as our advertising partners, is subject to the privacy policy of the relevant third party. You can determine your consent for these third party cookies for each individual purpose or for each individual advertising partner. Your choices will be passed on to all of our advertising partners who participate in the IAB Transparency Consent Framework. More information Necessary Necessary Necessary These cookies or techniques are necessary for the website or app to function and cannot be disabled. For example, they ensure that you can log in, fill in a form or start a video. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Analytical Analytical Analytical These cookies allow us to count visitors and their origin so that we can analyze and improve the performance of our website. They help us understand which pages are the most and least popular and how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site. Advertising and Behavior Advertising and Behavior Advertising and Behavior Advertising and behavioral cookies may be placed by us and third parties, such as our advertising partners, and used to map user behavior. These cookies allow us to build profiles and target groups of our users so that we can tailor the content of our websites and apps, such as videos and advertisements, to the user. The information collected with these cookies by RTL and third parties can be combined with information from previous and subsequent visits to websites other than ours in order to enrich the profiles of the users. These cookies do not store any direct personal information, but are based on unique identifiers from your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will not see any (or less) targeted advertisements.Purposes Purposes Purposes Storing and/or accessing information on a device Targeting Cookies Cookies, device identifiers or other information may be stored or accessed on your device for the purposes presented to you. Creating a personalized advertising profileTargeting CookiesA profile can be built about you and your interests in order to show you personalized advertisements relevant to you. Selecting personalized advertisements Targeting Cookies Personalized advertisements can be shown to you based on a profile about you. Creating a personalized content profileTargeting Cookies A profile about you and your interests can be built to show you personalized content that is relevant to you. Selecting personalized content Targeting Cookies Personalized content can be shown to you based on a profile about you. Measuring Ad PerformanceTargeting Cookies The performance and effectiveness of advertisements you see or interact with can be measured. Measuring Content Performance Targeting Cookies The performance and effectiveness of content you see or interact with can be measured. Applying market research to generate audience insights Targeting Cookies Market research can be used to learn more about the audience visiting sites/apps and viewing advertisements. Selecting Basic AdsTargeting Cookies Ads may be shown to you based on the content you're viewing, the app you're using, your approximate location, or your device type. Developing and improving productsTargeting Cookies Your data may be used to improve existing systems and software and to develop new products. Actively scan the device characteristics for identificationTargeting Cookies Your device can be identified based on a scan of your device's unique combination of characteristics. Ensuring security, preventing fraud and debugging Your data can be used to monitor and prevent fraudulent activity and to ensure that systems and processes operate properly and securely. Technically Delivering Ads or Content Your device may receive and send information that allows you to see and interact with ads and content. Matching and Combining Offline Data Data from offline data sources may be combined with your online activities to support one or more purposes. Linking different devices Different devices can be characterized as belonging to you or your household in support of one or more purposes. Receive and use automatically transmitted device identification characteristics. Your device can be distinguished from other devices based on information it automatically sends, such as IP address or browser type. | Full legal text Opens in new tab Advertising Cookies Consent Leg.Interest Select All Vendors Select All Vendors Select All Hosts Select All REPLACE-WITH-DYANMIC-HOST-ID Clear Filters Information storage and accessPrivacy statement If you use our services, we collect personal data from you. In this privacy statement we want to inform you as well as possible about the use of your personal data. Below you can read what information we collect, how we do this and how we ensure that your privacy is protected. Which RTL services does this statement apply to? The privacy statement applies to the processing of personal data by RTL Nederland B.V. and its subsidiaries (hereinafter jointly referred to as: 'RTL', 'We' or 'We'). The controller for the processing of personal data is RTL Nederland B.V. The privacy statement applies to all services we offer on the internet and via apps (hereinafter referred to as the domains). Examples of domains are RTL News , Videoland and Buienradar . If you accept this privacy statement on one of our domains, for example on Buienradar , then this permission also applies to all our other domains. We call this cross-domain consent. Click here for an overview of all domains for which a cross-domain permission applies. What definitions do you use and what do they mean? RTL Account : with this you register with us. By entering a username and e-mail address and password you will gain access to our services. Devices : the devices, such as PCs, tablets, laptops and smartphones, that you use to access our services. Services : the services we offer to users on the internet, on our domains and via apps, whether or not against payment, both via the RTL Account and via unregistered website visits or via app use. Domains : the (TV) apps, websites and platforms on which we offer our services, such as rtlxl.nl, rtlnieuws.nl, rtl.nl, videoland.nl, buienradar.nl. User : this is you, as the natural person who is not acting in the exercise of a profession or business and who purchases services from RTL. Personal data: all data with which a person can be traced (directly or indirectly), such as an e-mail address, telephone number, name, address, account number, IP address, device identifier (such as ADIDs or IDFAs) or other online identifiers, age, gender , location, surfing behavior, viewing behavior, etc., or a combination of these data. RTL : the private company with limited liability, RTL Nederland B.V., with its registered office at Barend en van Dorpweg 2 in Hilversum and all affiliated companies. How and when does RTL collect personal data? Directly via the user All personal data that you as a user enter yourself or provide to us, for example when you create an account or give your opinion or reaction to our content. First and last name or profile name: Your name is saved when you create an RTL account or take out a subscription to one of our services. Gender / Date of Birth : Your gender and age are used to place you within the right target group. These target groups are used to analyze the use of RTL's domains, to be able to make recommendations to you and to show advertisements appropriate to the target group. Zip code : Based on your zip code, an estimate is made of where you live. This information is used to place you in the right target group. These target groups are used to analyze the use of our domains, to make recommendations to you and to show advertisements that are appropriate to the target group. E-mail address : Your e-mail address is required to create an account. You will also receive offers and newsletters by e-mail, of course only if you have given permission for this. We may also use your email address to send you necessary service emails about our services. Data for a purchase (name and address details and payment details): We use this data to process your payment, for example if you have a paid subscription to Videoland. Customer service contact : The messages you share via customer service are used to provide you with adequate assistance. In addition, messages can be used for training purposes. Information that you have placed on the domains yourself: If you post a comment on or via our domains and apps, we can use this information to perform user analyses. Program registration : If you want to participate in a program, certain information and sometimes photos or videos are requested for the selection of candidates and participants. The information requested depends on the nature and content of the programme. Research : When you voluntarily participate in a research, only after your consent, the information you share will be used for the research purpose. Customer service contact : Messages you share via customer service are used to provide you with adequate assistance.In addition, messages can be used for training purposes. It is not the case that we always use all of your data listed above. Often this is only limited to a number of the above types of data. Which data we use depends on the purpose for which we process the data. By using our services If you use our websites and apps and you have given permission, if necessary, we, but also third parties such as advertisers and social media networks, by means of cookies or similar technologies (such as fingerprinting) collect information about your use. Information that can be stored about your usage relates to, for example, the domains you visit, which programs you watch or which messages you have read, the advertisements that have been displayed and the advertisements that have been clicked. The unique characteristics of the device you use are also recorded and - if you have given permission for this - the location of the device. The data is used by us to analyze the service and to gain a better understanding of the services our users are interested in. Location data is used by Buienradar, for example, to be able to offer you a personal weather report. In addition, the data collected by advertising and behavioral cookies is used by us to build profiles, registering users' interests and preferences, on the basis of which target groups are formed. Based on these target groups, we can make recommendations or use them for marketing and advertising purposes. For example, this data is used to show you advertisements for our services on other websites and our advertisers use the profiles to match their advertisements as closely as possible to your preferences. We link the data of the devices you use to create links between devices belonging to the same user. We also link data from the domains you have visited within our network. Personal data obtained from third parties Third parties with whom we work, such as advertising networks or social media parties, may have collected information about you that they share with us. RTL also uses public sources, such as Statistics Netherlands, to enrich the collected profiles offline with socio-demographic data such as age and income categories. RTL carries out online advertising sales on the websites of these partners for a number of partners. On these websites, RTL collects personal data that is necessary for advertising sales by means of advertising and behavioral cookies. The collection of personal data on these websites only takes place if you have agreed to the placement of advertising and behavioral cookies on those websites. In this case, the partner for whom RTL sells advertising space is the controller and RTL works on the instructions of the partner. Partners for whom RTL sells the online advertising space are: What are cookies? Cookies and similar technologies such as javascript, SDKs, tags, pixels or fingerprint (hereinafter collectively referred to as "cookies") are small files that can be placed on the user's devices from our domains or stored on our server. Based on cookies, you can be recognized on a subsequent visit and information can be collected about your use of our domains. First party cookies We use functional cookies (including for security, preventing fraud, detecting errors in the operation of the site, making it technically possible to display advertisements or content, frequency capping of advertisements) and (limited) analytical cookies (measuring usage). These cookies are necessary for the website/app to function properly and are always placed. It is not possible to refuse your consent for these cookies. In addition, we use advertising and behavioral cookies (mainly to personalize advertisements and content). You can refuse your permission for these cookies. If you give permission for this category of cookies, RTL will process the personal data it collects using these cookies in accordance with the provisions of this privacy statement. Third party cookies Through the websites and apps of RTL, third parties can also place cookies and collect data from you. Examples of these third parties are advertisers who purchase advertising space on the domains of RTL and social media parties that offer certain services (such as the 'share button'). For third party cookies from vendors that participate in the IAB Transparency and Consent Framework, you can determine whether you give permission for each individual purpose and/or individual advertising partner.The privacy policy of this third party applies to the processing of data by third parties, which can be consulted via the link in the cookie statement. Lifetime of cookies In some cases, cookies are automatically deleted when you close your browser. In other cases, these cookies are stored for longer and can also be read out the next time you use the services. Click here for an explanation about cookies. Here you will find an overview of which cookies are placed by us and third parties. Why does RTL collect personal data? We collect and process personal data for various purposes, all of which are related to the provision of our services. To be able to offer our services Some of our services are only available when you use an RTL Account. Without processing the personal data, the account cannot be created and the service cannot be provided. To be able to send newsletters and promotions We can send you e-mail messages or push messages to keep you informed of information about our services or of promotions and offers. You can unsubscribe from this at any time. For marketing purposes So that we can make you as a customer (up to two years after you have been a customer with us) interesting offers for our own products or services by e-mail, telephone or post, unless you have objected to this. We also use your data to offer you advertisements for our services and products on other platforms. For this we use, among other things, the Facebook Custom Audience tool, which uses your data to show you advertisements on Facebook and to reach potential customers with a similar profile within the Facebook domain. if you object to this, you can indicate this by sending an e-mail to privacy@rtl.nl. For research We can only ask you to help with market research if you have given permission and left your details for participation in a specific research. These studies can have different topics and participation is always on a voluntary basis. To set up profiles and target groups All data that is entered directly by you or that we have collected through your use of the services or through a third party is used to build profiles and subsequently target groups. The use of this is on the one hand to predict your individual preferences based on analysis and thus to be able to adapt the service to your preferences, for example to make recommendations for videos. In addition, the target groups are used by advertisers to buy advertising space based on the target groups, so that suitable advertisements can be shown to you. For the building of profiles, categories of data that could be regarded as special personal data (race, ethnic origin, political opinions, religion, trade union membership, orientation, health or criminal data) are excluded. We also do not profile you if you have indicated that you are under the age of 16. The use of algorithms We can also use algorithms that ensure that we can recommend certain products and/or content to you based on your online behaviour, without storing this in a profile. The profiling algorithm can theoretically use all types of relevant data. Preventing abuse Unfortunately, there are several forms of abuse. You can think of payment fraud, non-compliance with copyright or sharing threatening messages. Personal data is collected to prevent this abuse and to be able to act against it. To improve our services and identify general trends We use the services of third parties to measure and analyze the use of our content, websites and apps. With these analyses, RTL can identify general trends. The information collected by these third parties includes, among other things, the number of users and the viewing behavior of the users on our domains. An example of these third parties are the so-called measurement agencies, such as Comscore, Adobe, Kantar Spring, and Conviva and processors such as Gfk. RTL also provides the usage data about its users to the Stichting Kijkonderzoek (SKO) for the viewing survey that SKO carries out on behalf of RTL, among others. Click here for the privacy statement of Stichting Kijkonderzoek. For compliance with laws and regulations Some legal obligations prescribe that certain data must be kept or shared. With whom does RTL share data? For the benefit of our services or to offer advertisements, data can be shared with various parties. These parties are located in the Netherlands or elsewhere in Europe, but also outside.In all cases, an agreement is concluded with this party to make clear agreements about the purposes for which they may use the data and to guarantee the security of the data, all in accordance with the applicable European legislation. In the event of international data transfers, measures are taken to ensure an adequate level of protection. In addition, laws or regulations may apply on the basis of which personal data must be shared with competent authorities. Between our domains We process personal data for all of our affiliates. With our suppliers to be able to offer our services To make our services possible, it is necessary to share our data with suppliers. Think of call centers, collection agencies or market research agencies, but also suppliers of software tools. These parties work on our behalf and are obliged to maintain an adequate privacy policy. With commercial partners For some promotions, such as contests or surveys, we work directly with other (commercial) parties, such as advertisers, and the data is collected in collaboration with these parties. When this is the case, we will clearly state this. With producers for the purpose of recruiting candidates and participants and organizing shows and events We work together with producers for the production of programs and events. Sometimes this is done on our behalf and in other cases we offer help in finding the right candidates and participants. Where we collect the data, we only share it with the producer and solely for the purpose of selecting candidates and participants. With advertisers, media agencies and advertising networks Data is shared with advertisers, media agencies and advertising networks to make it possible to show appropriate advertisements. With social media networks RTL shares (pseudonymised) data with social media networks such as Facebook and Google in order to show you advertisements within these social media networks and to reach potential customers with a similar profile within the social media network, for example through the use of the Facebook Custom Audience Tool. With DPG Media To be able to offer advertisements as targeted as possible, the information we collect about your surfing behavior on our websites, including personal data, is shared in a partnership between RTL and DPG Media, the purpose of which is to draw up joint user profiles. Because we share information with each other, we are able to draw up better profiles. The profiles are always based on large groups of users (for example: "users aged 35+ with an interest in sports") and are used to sell advertisements that target the specific profile of our users. With competent authorities on the basis of legitimate legislation We only provide data to authorities if this is required by law or by court order or if there is a valid reason to do so, for example to prevent damage or misuse. On what basis does RTL process personal data? We will only process personal data if this is permitted by law. To be able to perform the agreement with you, the user. If you have an agreement with us, such as when you take out a subscription or if you have purchased tickets, and it is necessary to process certain data for the implementation of this, we will process data to be able to execute the agreement. If there is a legal obligation Sometimes there are legal obligations on the basis of which RTL has to process data. An example is the tax regulations under which financial data must be kept for 7 years. If there is a legitimate interest for us or for you If RTL has an interest, such as the security or improvement of our services, and this interest cannot be realized otherwise than by processing data, the data will be used for this purpose. RTL will always weigh up RTL's legitimate interests against your privacy interests. An example is RTL being able to use your data for direct marketing activities, such as using the Facebook Custom Audience tool. Another example is building viewer profiles for personalizing content, such as the recommendation of new series to our Videoland subscribers.If you have given permission for this If we do not have a contractual agreement, there is no legal obligation or a legitimate interest to process data, we will only process the data with your consent. RTL participates in the IAB Europe Transparency & Consent Framework and complies with all specifications and policies required for participation. RTL uses an IAB registered Consent Management Platform (OneTrust). How do you deal with special and sensitive data? Information of minors If you are under the age of 16, you may only use our services with the permission of your parent or guardian. If you are a minor, make sure your parents have given permission to share your information with us. We cannot always check whether a visitor is actually older than 16 years. We therefore advise parents to be involved in the online activities of their children, in order to prevent data about minors from being collected without parental consent. If you are convinced that we have collected personal data from a minor without permission, please contact us at privacy@rtl.nl. Then we will delete this information. Location data For some services it is useful to share your location data, for example when using Buienradar so that you know what the weather is like at your location. Your location can also be used to enrich profiles and/or create target groups that are used for advertising purposes. If a location is used for advertising purposes, not your exact location is used, but an area around your location the size of 200 football fields. The location is determined by means of the IP address and GPS. Photos and videos To enrich your account you can add a photo yourself. When you do this, we will save these photo(s). This will be removed if your account is canceled or if you delete the photo yourself. When registering as a candidate for a program, you may be asked to send photos or videos. We only use this footage for this purpose and it will be deleted immediately when it is no longer needed. Data quality protection, retention periods and security Data quality By law, organizations must take all reasonable steps to ensure that customer data on file is accurate and up-to-date. Because we do not have access to the population register (Basic Register of Persons), other ways are necessary to keep our customer data up to date, as, for example, relocations are not always passed on to us. In order to comply with this data quality obligation, we use the EDM register. We also use EDM's Geomarket Profile to ensure that our marketing communications are as relevant as possible to our customers. More information can be found at www.evenoverdata.nl. Retention periods RTL processes the collected data for as long as this is necessary for the purposes for which the data was collected or necessary to comply with legal obligations. For example, customer data is kept for up to two years after the end of the customer relationship. In addition, RTL is legally obliged to store invoice and payment data for seven years on the basis of tax legislation. Security RTL respects the privacy of everyone involved and ensures that personal data is treated confidentially and with the utmost care. All personal data is stored securely and RTL makes reasonable efforts to protect its systems against loss and/or against any form of unlawful use or processing, using appropriate technical and organizational measures, taking into account, among other things, the latest status. of the technique. What are your rights? If your data is processed by us, you have a number of rights that you can always fall back on (free of charge). Right of inspection, correction or deletion of personal data, right of objection and limitation You can at any time and free of charge gain insight into the data that RTL processes about you and, if desired, have this data adjusted or supplemented if it is incorrect or incomplete. In certain cases you can also have your personal data removed, for example when they are no longer necessary for the purpose for which they were provided. You can also object to the use of your personal data or withdraw previously given permission. In some cases you can temporarily suspend the use of your data, for example if there is uncertainty about the correctness of the data. Send an e-mail with your first and last name, e-mail address and telephone number to privacy@rtl.nl if you want to make use of these rights.We will respond to your request within 4 weeks. Right to data transfer You can request the data that RTL automatically processes with your consent or in the context of the performance of your agreement with RTL or (if technically possible) have it transferred to another party. Right of complaint If you have a complaint regarding the processing of your personal data, you can report this via privacy@rtl.nl. You can also contact RTL's data protection officer via this email address. You can also report your complaint to the Dutch Data Protection Authority. Refuse or withdraw permission If we have collected data based on your permission, you can also withdraw it. You can do this by sending an e-mail with your first and last name, e-mail address and telephone number to privacy@rtl.nl. We will delete the data we have collected from you within 4 weeks. For services that we offer for free or at a lower rate, we depend on advertising revenues for financing. Therefore, you may not be able to refuse or withdraw consent to the use of your data for advertising and behavioral purposes for those services. In that case we will offer you a suitable alternative, such as a (more expensive) paid version of the service. Supervisory authority The Dutch Data Protection Authority supervises the processing of personal data. The website of the Dutch Data Protection Authority contains more information about the protection of personal data and the rights you have with regard to your personal data. Where can you go for more information? If not all your questions are answered in this privacy statement or do you need more information? Then you can always contact our privacy team via privacy@rtl.nl. 3/16/2023, 7:45:37 AM