Your California Privacy Rights Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) Consumer Rights under CCPA A PDF version of VideoAmp’s “Consumer Rights under CCPA” can be found by clicking the following link: PDF Version of CCPA Policy. If you are an individual who is a resident of California (a California “consumer”), you have the following rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act with respect to your “personal information” (as defined by CCPA): Right to Know You have the right to request that a “business” (as defined by CCPA) disclose to you, following your “verifiable consumer request” (as defined by CCPA): The categories of personal information the business has collected about youThe categories of sources from which the personal information is collectedThe business or commercial purpose for collecting personal informationThe categories of third parties with which the business shares personal informationThe specific pieces of personal information the business has collected about youThe categories of personal information about you that the business disclosed for a business purpose If the business sells your personal information: The categories of personal information that the business sold about youThe categories of third parties to which your personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each category of third parties to which the personal information was soldThe business or commercial purpose for selling personal information Right to Delete You have the right to request that a business delete, following your verifiable consumer request, the specific pieces of personal information such business has collected from you. Right to Opt-Out You have the right, at any time, to direct a business not to sell your personal information. This right is different from the “User Opt Out” described in the VideoAmp Privacy Policy under the header “What Choices Do You Have about the Collection, Use and Disclosure of Information by VideoAmp?” If you would like to opt out of VideoAmp’s targeted advertising, please refer to that section of the VideoAmp Privacy Policy . Right to Non-Discrimination You have the right not to be discriminated against by a business because you exercise any of your rights under CCPA, including by: Denying goods or services to youCharging you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penaltiesProviding a different level or quality of goods or services to youSuggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services CCPA Personal Information To provide our services and the Company Features, we utilize (i) personal information collected directly by the Company Features (“Collected Data”), (ii) personal information provided to us by or on behalf of our Customers (“Customer Data”), (iii) personal information that we license from third parties (“Licensed Data”), and (iv) audience segments created by or on behalf of our Customers from Licensed Data (“Segment Data”). Even though Customer Data and Licensed Data are provided to us, for purposes of CCPA, we are considered to have “collected” such data.We collect (and during the last 12 months have collected) the following categories of personal information, from the following categories of sources, and for the following business or commercial purposes: Identifiers (such as a unique personal identifier, an online identifier (e.g., a cookie ID or a mobile advertising ID), or an internet protocol address) Collected Data: we collect such information directly from consumers in the process of delivering an ad in connection with the Company Features Customer Data: we receive such information from our Customers Licensed Data: we receive such information from data licensors (who may be considered“data brokers” under California law) Segment Data: identifiers are included within such data, which is created by or on behalf of our Customers from Licensed Data (which we receive from data licensors (who may be considered “data brokers” under California law)), although we do not make any individual identifier(s) available to any such Customer Collected Data: we use such information solely (i) to provide our services and Company Features to the particular Customer on whose behalf we collected such information and (ii) as otherwise permitted by a“service provider” (as defined by CCPA) under CCPA Customer Data: we use such information solely (i) to provide our services and CompanyFeatures to the particular Customer that provided us such information and (ii)as otherwise permitted by a service provider under CCPALicensed Data: we use such information for our operational and commercial purposes, including (i) to provide targeted advertising, analytics, measurement, planning, and reporting services to our Customers and (ii) “selling” (as defined by CCPA) such personal information to (a) our advertiser and agency Customers in connection with their (and, in the case of agency Customers, their respective customers’) marketing and advertising activities (including targeted advertising) and (b) third-party data brokers that may further sell such personal information to their customers in connection with such customers’ marketing and advertising activities (including targeted advertising) Segment Data: we use such information solely (i) to provide our services and Company Features to the particular Customer who created such information or on whose behalf such information was created and (ii) as otherwise permitted by a service provider under CCPA Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal laws (such as gender, ethnicity, and age) Collected Data: we collect such information directly from consumers in the process of delivering an ad in connection with the Company Features Customer Data: we receive such information from our Customers Licensed Data: we receive such information from data licensors (who may be considered “data brokers” under California law) Segment Data: such personal information is included within such data (which is created by or on behalf of our Customers from Licensed Data, which we receive from data licensors (who may be considered “data brokers” under California law)), although we do not make such data available to any such Customer in a form that we believe could reasonably be linked with an identified consumer or household Collected Data: we use such information solely (i) to provide our services and Company Features to the particular Customer on whose behalf we collected such information and (ii) as otherwise permitted by a “service provider” (as defined by CCPA) under CCPA Customer Data: we use such information solely (i) to provide our services and Company Features to the particular Customer that provided us such information and (ii) as otherwise permitted by a service provider under CCPA Licensed Data: we use such information for our operational and commercial purposes, including (i) to provide targeted advertising, analytics, measurement, planning, and reporting services to our Customers and (ii) selling such personal information to (a) our advertiser and agency Customers in connection with their (and, in the case of agency Customers, their respective customers’) marketing and advertising activities (including targeted advertising) and (b) third-party data brokers that may further sell such personal information to their customers in connection with such customers’ marketing and advertising activities (including targeted advertising) Segment Data: we use such information solely (i) to provide our services and Company Features to the particular Customer who created such information or on whose behalf such information was created and (ii) as otherwise permitted by a service provider under CCPA Commercial information (such as records of the products a consumer purchased) Collected Data: we collect such information directly from consumers in the course of delivering an ad in connection with the Company Features Customer Data: we receive such information from our Customers Licensed Data: we receive such information from data licensors (who may be considered “data brokers” under California law)Segment Data: commercial information is included within such data (which is created by or on behalf of our Customers from Licensed Data, which we receive from data licensors (who may be considered “data brokers” under California law)), although we do not make such data available to any such Customer in a form that we believe could reasonably be linked with an identified consumer or household Collected Data: we use such information solely (i) to provide our services and Company Features to the particular Customer on whose behalf we collected such information and (ii) as otherwise permitted by a service provider under CCPA Customer Data: we use such information solely (i) to provide our services and Company Features to the particular Customer that provided us such information and (ii) as otherwise permitted by a service provider under CCPA Licensed Data: we use such information for our operational and commercial purposes, including (i) to provide targeted advertising, analytics, measurement, planning, and reporting services to our Customers and (ii) selling such personal information to (a) our advertiser and agency Customers in connection with their (and, in the case of agency Customers, their respective customers’) marketing and advertising activities (including targeted advertising) and (b) third-party data brokers (that may further sell such personal information to their customers in connection with such customers’ marketing and advertising activities (including targeted advertising) Segment Data: we use such information solely (i) to provide our services and Company Features to the particular Customer who created such information or on whose behalf such information was created and (ii) as otherwise permitted by a service provider under CCPA Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as browsing history, search history, information regarding interactions with our Website and our advertising, and TV viewing data) Collected Data: we collect such information directly from consumers in the course of delivering an ad in connection with the Company Features Customer Data: we receive such information from our Customers Licensed Data: we receive such information from data licensors (who may be considered “data brokers” under California law) Segment Data: Internet or other electronic network activity information is included within such data (which is created by or on behalf of our Customers from Licensed Data, which we receive from data licensors (who may be considered “data brokers” under California law)), although we do not make such data available to any such Customer in a form that we believe could reasonably be linked with an identified consumer or household Collected Data: we use such information solely (i) to provide our services and CompanyFeatures to the particular Customer on whose behalf we collected such information and (ii) as otherwise permitted by a service provider under CCPA ‍Customer Data: we use such information solely (i) to provide our services and Company Features to the particular Customer that provided us such information and (ii)as otherwise permitted by a service provider under CCPA Licensed Data: we use such information for our operational and commercial purposes, including (i) to provide targeted advertising, analytics, measurement, planning, and reporting services to our Customers and (ii) selling such personal information to (a) our advertiser and agency Customers in connection with their (and, in the case of agency Customers, their respective customers’) marketing and advertising activities (including targeted advertising) and (b) third-party data brokers that may further sell such personal information to their customers in connection with such customers’ marketing and advertising activities (including targeted advertising) Segment Data: we use such information solely (i) to provide our services and Company Features to the particular Customer who created such information or on whose behalf such information was created and (ii) as otherwise permitted by a service provider under CCPA Geolocation data Collected Data: we collect such information directly from consumers in the course of delivering an ad in connection with the Company Features Customer Data: we receive such information from our Customers Licensed Data: we receive such information from data licensors (who may be considered “data brokers” under California law) Segment Data: geolocation data is included within such data (which is created by or on behalf of our Customers from Licensed Data, which we receive from data licensors (who may be considered “data brokers” under California law), although we do not make such data available to any such Customer in a form that we believe could reasonably be linked with an identified consumer or household Collected Data: we use such information solely (i) to provide our services and Company Features to the particular Customer on whose behalf we collected such information and (ii) as otherwise permitted by a service provider under CCPA Customer Data: we use such information solely (i) to provide our services and Company Features to the particular Customer that provided us such information and (ii) as otherwise permitted by a service provider under CCPA Licensed Data: we use such information for our operational and commercial purposes, including (i) to provide targeted advertising, analytics, measurement, planning, and reporting services to our Customers and (ii) selling such personal information to (a) our advertiser and agency Customers in connection with their (and, in the case of agency Customers, their respective customers’) marketing and advertising activities (including targeted advertising) and (b) third-party data brokers that may further sell such personal information to their customers in connection with such customers’ marketing and advertising activities (including targeted advertising) Segment Data: we use such information solely (i) to provide our services and Company Features to the particular Customer who created such information or on whose behalf such information was created and (ii) as otherwise permitted by a service provider under CCPA Inferences (drawn from any of the other categories of personal information of the information to create a profile about a consumer reflecting, for example, a consumer’s product preferences) Collected Data: we collect such information directly from consumers in the course of delivering an ad in connection with the Company Features Customer Data: we receive such information from our Customers Licensed Data: we receive such information from data licensors (who may be considered “data brokers” under California law)Segment Data: inferences are included within such data (which is created by or on behalf of our Customers from Licensed Data, which we receive from data licensors (who may be considered “data brokers” under California law)),although we do not make such data available to any such Customer in a form that we believe could reasonably be linked with an identified consumer or household Collected Data: we use such information solely (i) to provide our services and CompanyFeatures to the particular Customer on whose behalf we collected such information and (ii) as otherwise permitted by a service provider under CCPA Customer Data: we use such information solely (i) to provide our services and Company Features to the particular Customer that provided us such information and (ii) as otherwise permitted by a service provider under CCPA Licensed Data: we use such information for our operational and commercial purposes, including (i) to provide targeted advertising, analytics, measurement, planning, and reporting services to our Customers and (ii) selling such personal information to (a) our advertiser and agency Customers in connection with their (and, in the case of agency Customers, their respective customers’) marketing and advertising activities (including targeted advertising) and (b) third-party data brokers that may further sell such personal information to their customers in connection with such customers’ marketing and advertising activities (including targeted advertising) Segment Data: we use such information solely (i) to provide our services and Company Features to the particularCustomer who created such information or on whose behalf such information was created and (ii) as otherwise permitted by a service provider under CCPA With respect to Collected Data, Customer Data, and Segment Data, we believe that we are a service provider acting on behalf of the particular Customer; and with respect to Licensed Data, we believe that we are a “third party” (as defined by CCPA), as we collect such information only from our data licensors (who may be considered “data brokers” under California law) and do not collect it directly from consumers.Please see below under the header “Processing Your Requests” for information about the personal information collected in connection with consumer requests submitted to us under CCPA. Disclosure of Personal Information With regard to Collected Data, Customer Data, and Segment Data, we disclose (and during the last 12 months have disclosed) each of the above categories of personal information solely as directed by the applicable Customer. With regard to Licensed Data, for purposes of the CCPA: “ Sales ”: (i) we “sell” (as defined by CCPA) each of the above categories of personal information to our advertiser and agency Customers in connection with their (and, in the case of agency Customers, their respective customers’) marketing and advertising activities, and (ii) we sell (and have sold during the 12 months prior to the “Last Modified” date at the bottom of this Privacy Policy) each of the above categories of personal information third-party data brokers that may further sell such personal information to their customers in connection with such customers’ marketing and advertising activities; however, we do not knowingly sell the personal information of California consumers under the age of 16 without required affirmative authorization; and “Disclosures for a Business Purpose” : we disclose (and have disclosed during the 12 months prior to the “Last Modified” date at the bottom of this Privacy Policy) each of the above categories of personal information for a “business purpose” (as defined by CCPA) to service providers that perform certain services on our behalf, such as hosting service providers, data analytics providers, advertising and marketing service providers, technology consultants, and consumer information verification providers. Methods of Submitting Requests If you are a California consumer, you may submit requests to exercise your “Right to Know” or your “Right to Delete” via any of the following methods: By web form , available by clicking the following link: CCPA Request Web Form By email , to: CCPAPrivacy@VideoAmp.com By toll-free telephone , to: 1 (844) 954-1754 Processing Your Requests The process we currently use to verify and process “Requests to Know” and “Requests to Delete” under CCPA requires us to recognize the requestor’s VideoAmp cookie ID (and if one cannot be found, to place a VideoAmp cookie ID onto the requestor’s browser), and we are not technically able to perform such process unless the requestor visits our web form (where we also collect additional information about the requestor’s TV viewing and household as part of our verification process for such requests). Therefore, if you submit such a request via either the telephone number listed above or the email address listed above, it will require more time and at least one more step than if you were to submit your request via web form. We will respond to both telephone and email requests by sending you a link to the web form. The web form will prompt you to confirm your request and submit the additional information described above. Please note that the process we currently use to verify and process “Requests to Know” and “Requests to Delete” under CCPA also requires a service provider to recognize or place its cookie ID on your browser when you visit our web form; such service provider may use the information it collects during performance of this service (which collected information consists only of Identifiers (cookie IDs)) only on our behalf in connection with this process. We use the information that we collect to verify and process “Requests to Know” and “Requests to Delete” under CCPA (which information includes Identifiers (such as email addresses and cookie IDs) and Internet or other electronic network activity information (such as TV viewing information)) only in connection with such purposes and for security and/or fraud-prevention purposes.Please note that, if you are opted out of targeted advertising on the web browser you are using when you visit our web form, or if your browser is configured to block cookies, we may not be able to verify or process your “Right to Know” request or your “Right to Delete” request, since we may have no reasonable method of connecting your request with the Licensed Data we have collected about you. If you are a California consumer, you have the right, at any time, to direct us not to sell your personal information; you may exercise such “Right to Opt Out” under CCPA by clicking the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link below, which takes you to the web form listed above, or via any of the other methods described above: DO NOT SELL MY INFORMATION The process we currently use to process “Requests to Opt-Out” under CCPA requires us to recognize the requestor’s VideoAmp cookie ID (and if one cannot be found, to place a VideoAmp cookie ID onto the requestor’s browser), and we are not technically able to perform such process unless the requestor visits our web form. Therefore, if you submit such a request via either the telephone number or the email address listed above, it will require more time and at least one more step than if you were to submit your request via the web form. We will respond to both telephone and email requests by sending you a link to the web form. The web form will prompt you to confirm your request. Please note that the process we currently use to process “Requests to Opt-Out” under CCPA also entails a service provider recognizing or placing its cookie ID on your browser when you visit our web form; such service provider may use the information it so collects (which consists only of Identifiers (cookie IDs)) only on our behalf in connection with our CCPA request processes. We use the information we collect to process “Requests to Opt-Out” under CCPA (which information includes Identifiers (such as email addresses and cookie IDs)) only in connection with such purpose. Please note that, if you are opted out of targeted advertising on the web browser you are using when you visit our web form, or if your browser is configured to block cookies, we may not be able to process your “Right to Opt Out” request, since we may have no reasonable method of connecting your request to opt-out under CCPA with your Licensed Data. However, as (i) Licensed Data originates from TV viewing information and (ii) we receive Licensed Data from data licensors (who may be considered “data brokers” under California law) that have contractually agreed to comply with all applicable privacy laws and regulations, we believe that you should also be able to exercise CCPA rights, including the right to opt out under CCPA (i.e., to elect “Do Not Sell”), with respect to your personal information through your smart TV(s), MVPD device(s), and/or OTT box/device(s). Authorized Agents If you are a California consumer, you may use an “authorized agent” (as defined by CCPA) to submit a “Request to Know”, a “Request to Delete”, and/or a “Request to Opt-Out” under CCPA on your behalf. Your authorized agent will need to provide us with a copy of a written permission that is signed by you and indicates that you have provided such authorization. Also, as both (i) the process we currently use to verify and process “Requests to Know” and “Requests to Delete” under CCPA and (ii) the process we currently use to process “Requests to Opt-Out” under CCPA require (a) us to recognize the requestor’s VideoAmp cookie ID (and if one cannot be found, to place a VideoAmp cookie ID onto the requestor’s browser) and (b) the requestor to visit our web form, your authorized agent will also need to use your device in connection with any such CCPA request. Recordkeeping Information VideoAmp will maintain records of consumer requests made pursuant to CCPA and how we responded to those requests in accordance with CCPA. CCPA Metrics for Calendar Year 2022 Pursuant to § 999.317(g)(1) of the CCPA Regulations the following metrics have been compiled: Requests to Know: Received Complied Denied Average Response Time 6.6 Requests to Delete: Received Complied Denied Average Response Time 11 11 8.6 Requests to opt-out: Received Complied Denied Average Response Time If you are a California consumer and have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies or If you are a California consumer and have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies or practices, please email us at CCPAPrivacy@VideoAmp.com . Last Modified: July 18, 2023 Explore our culture People Technology Health & Wellness Stay in The Know Email addressName © VideoAmp, Inc. All rights reserved. 7% of Vampers enjoy the VideoAmp wellness program offerings 5 or more times a week! Pickle Ball is the sport most Vampers chose when asked what VideoAmp’s official sport should be. 34% of Vampers participate in our Wellness programs up to 3 times a week.We have some especially talented Vampers in the areas of: 19th century chemical photography, champion knitter, knife forging and lithography. We are pet lovers: nearly 60% of Vampers own at least one pet. Slightly over half of our company is made up of new Vampers joining a year ago! Swimming amongst legends: 2 nationally ranked swim champions work at VideoAmp. 58% of Vampers are busy practicing a sport. Top 3 sports played by Vampers: Soccer, Baseball and Tennis. Swimming with sharks is the most popular activity amongst our thrill-seeking Vampers. VideoAmp hiking enthusiasts have summited: Mount Whitney, Half Dome and the Teton Range. 33% of Vampers are AdTech pros having worked in the space for over 8 years. The most popular items growing in our Vamper’s gardens right now are: artichoke, mint, peppers, squash, radish, garlic, tomatoes, dill and basil. 60% of Vamper parents are raising 2-5 future Vampers! Over 90% of Vampers said that their coworkers were the best thing about working at VideoAmp. We are busy collecting passport stamps! Almost 10% of Vampers have traveled to 24+ countries. 23% of Vampers play 2 instruments. More than a quarter of Vampers play at least one instrument. A brave 5% of Vampers are running their own small zoo with 5+ pets at home! 8% of Vampers are one-person band and can play 4 or more instruments! Nearly a quarter of Vampers are actively serving a charity. We like to travel: half of Vampers have traveled to 9-12 countries. Nearly half of Vampers participate in our Wellness programs at least once a week. Responses based on 160 Vampers who took this Fun Facts survey. NotificationsPrivacy Policy Last modified: Jun 07 2022 Effective: Sep 29 2016 Our Privacy Commitment VideoAmp (the “Company,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) is committed to respecting the privacy rights and concerns of individuals in connection with the Company’s websites and applications, including without limitation, our www.videoamp.com website and our IYKYK app (altogether, the “Site”) and the services and the software made available by the Company that enable advertisers and media owners to display targeted advertising across websites, apps, game consoles, Internet-connected TVs, and other devices (the “Company Features”). As such, we have established and implemented this Privacy Policy to inform end users of the websites, apps, and devices on which the Company Features are used (“Users”) and visitors to our Site (our “Customers”) how we collect, use, disclose, and protect the information we collect through the Company Features and/or the Site. This Privacy Policy answers the following questions: How do we collect and use information through the Company Features?How do we collect and use information through our Site?Will we share information with third parties?What choices do you have about the collection, use, and disclosure of information by VideoAmp?What security measures do we take to safeguard the information that we collect?What other important information should you know? If you would like to opt out of targeted advertising provided through the Company Features, please see “What Choices Do You Have about the Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Information by VideoAmp?” below. By visiting the Site or using any of the Company Features, you consent to the Company’s collection, use, storage, deletion, and disclosure of information relating to you as set forth in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is effective as of the date set forth above and is only applicable to the Site and the Company Features and not to any other website that you may be able to access from the Site or the Company Features, which may have its own data collection and use practices and policies. How Do We Collect and Use Information Through the Company Features? Information We Collect Directly through the Company Features We collect information directly through the Company Features when Users visit or use websites, apps, and online services, or view our targeted ads from our Customers and partners. The types of information that we collect about Users directly through the Company Features include: Internet Protocol (IP) host address;Pages viewed;Information about apps used;Browser type;Internet browsing and usage habits;Gender;Year of birth;Internet Service Provider;Domain name;Time/date of visit to a website, app, or online service where the Company Features are used to deliver ads;Whether the individual has responded to one of our Customers’ ads;The referring URL;Clickstream data; Operating system of the User’s computer or device;Location information, including from exchanges, which may or may not be precise;Platform or operating system device identifiers, such as IDFA for iOS and Advertising ID for Android;Device-specific IDs, such as for Internet-connected TVs or online streaming devices;Features used or activities engaged in within an app or online service; andGeneral location inferred from IP address. We collect information about Users through cookies and pixel tags when a User visits a website or views an advertisement where the Company Features are used. We also may collect information about Users through application software development kits, server-to-server connections with our Customers or business partners, and batch file transfers, as follows: Cookies. “Cookies” are small bits of electronic information that a website sends to a visitor’s browser and are stored on the visitor’s hard drive. We may place or recognize a cookie on your computer if you visit a website or view an advertisement where the Company Features are used. If you are concerned about having cookies on your computer, you can set your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being set, allowing you to decide whether to accept it. You can also delete cookies from your computer. However, if you choose to block or delete cookies, certain features of the websites you visit may not operate correctly. Pixel Tags. “Pixel tags” (also known as “web beacons” or “clear gifs”) are electronic files that usually consist of a single-pixel image and can be embedded in a web page or in an email to transmit information. VideoAmp may use pixel tags to place or recognize a cookie on your computer if you visit a website or view an advertisement where the Company Features are used. Application Software Development Kits (SDKs). An application SDK is a set of code that can be embedded directly within an application on a mobile phone, computer, or other device.We may collect information through an SDK that is embedded in our Customers’ apps that use the Company Features. Server-to-Server Connections. We may send or receive information from our Customers or business partners through a server-to-server connection. Server-to-server connections allow companies to transfer information directly between each other when it is not feasible or practical to integrate an SDK into an application. In this context, we may send or receive information using a third-party or our own first-party Application Programming Interface “API.” Batch File Transfers. We also may use a batch file transfer to send and receive information directly with our business partners. VideoAmp may also receive location information through the Company Features if a third party provides us with such information. We limit the precision of location information used for Interest-Based Advertising, defined below, to two or fewer decimal places in latitude-longitude data (approximately equivalent to the area of a circle with a radius of greater than 500m) or to the city level or a general descriptor of the location (e.g., “Central Park”). VideoAmp does not share location information with unaffiliated third parties. Information We Receive from Third Parties We receive additional information about TV viewership from our third party data providers, which we use to create commingled sets of this data from multiple providers (our “TV Viewership Data”). We may on behalf of our customer combine TV Viewership Data with the information that we collect about Users directly through the Company Features, to enable our measurement, attribution, and segment creation services. The information we receive from our providers includes aggregated and non-aggregated viewing information for TV viewing households, such as the identity of the applicable broadcast, cable, or satellite television provider; the television programs and commercials viewed by the aggregated group or a specific device (including time, duration, date, channel, and whether the content was viewed live or at a later time); device identifiers of the applicable TV (such as OEID); and general location information such as zip code and location information derived from IP address. Information received from other third parties also may include information about demographics, inferred interests, purchases, and information regarding the probability and nature of connections between devices (such as smartphones, tablets, computers, game consoles, and Internet-connected TVs). While the collection and use of that information is governed by the privacy policies and legal terms of the third party data provider that collected it (and is not governed by us) we contractually require each of these providers to collect and provide us this information only in accordance with applicable laws and only with all appropriate consents. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of the third-party websites, mobile applications, TV viewing systems and operating systems, and other online services that you visit. How We Use Information Collected through the Company Features We use information that we collect about Users through the Company Features to provide targeted advertising, analytics, and reporting services. This advertising may be customized based on a User’s activities across unaffiliated websites, apps, Internet-connected TVs, and other online services (advertising based on such information is known as “Interest-Based Advertising”) and inferences that we make based on information about you or other Users like you. In particular, we use information about Users: To establish connections among related web browsers and devices (such as smartphones, tablets, computers, game consoles, and Internet-connected TVs) for targeted advertising, analytics, and reporting purposes (“Cross-Device Linking”). For example, we may match a User’s browsers or devices if the User’s devices share similar attributes that support an inference that they are used by the same person or household. This means that information about a User’s activity on websites, apps, or online services on the User’s current browser or device may be combined and used with information collected from the User’s other browsers or devices. We may share device identifiers (such as cookie IDs, IDFA for iOS, Advertising ID for Android, and OEID for other online platforms and Internet-connected TVs) with our third-party service providers to help establish such connections; To infer a particular User’s interests based on the User’s online activities over time and across unaffiliated websites, apps, Internet-connected TVs and other online services, including a User’s viewing behavior on Internet-connected TVs.For example, we may use information about the shows or commercials you may have watched on your TV, based on your device ID, to deliver more relevant advertisements to you in web browsers on your computer or mobile devices or in apps on your mobile devices; To deliver Interest-Based Advertising using established device connections and inferred interests, such as to deliver an ad to a User on a site, app, Internet-connected TV, or other online service based on the User’s activities on an unaffiliated website, app, Internet-connected TV, or other online service, either on the User’s current device or on other devices that are linked to a User’s current device;To provide ad delivery and reporting services to our Customers, such as logging of page views or the collection of other data about a computer or device for the purpose of delivering ads or providing advertising-related services, including, but not limited to: providing a specific advertisement based on a particular type of browser or time of day, statistical reporting in connection with the activity on a website, app, or online service, analytics and analysis, optimization of location of ad placement, ad performance, reach and frequency metrics (e.g., frequency capping), security and fraud prevention, billing, and logging the number and type of ads served on a particular day to a particular website, app, or online service; To engage in operations and system management, including intellectual property protection, compliance, public purposes and consumer safety, authentication, verification, fraud prevention and security, and billing or product or service fulfillment, including improving Customer experience or ensuring a high quality of service; andTo engage in market research (such as the analysis of market segmentation or trends, consumer preferences and behaviors, research about consumers, products, or services, or the effectiveness of marketing or advertising) or product development (such as the analysis of the characteristics of a market or group of consumers or the performance of a product, service, or feature, in order to improve existing products or services or to develop new products or services). How Do We Collect and Use Information Through Our Site? Information We Collect through Our Site Through our Site, we collect information about our Customers that can be used to identify and contact them (“Personal Information”). Customers need to submit Personal Information to access certain areas of the Site and the Company Features. We collect Personal Information when Customers: Create an account. For example, we require Customers to provide certain information to create their profiles, including the Customer’s name, email address, phone number, and any password that the Customer creates;Provide billing address and credit card or other payment information when registering for certain services that require this type of information;Receive customer or technical support;Submit links to video or other content with respect to the Customer’s use of the Company Features; and Use our services. For example, we will record information about your use of our Site and Company Features, including how and where you use our Site and Company Features. We and our third-party service providers also collect information that is not Personal Information (“Other Information”) automatically when Customers visit the Site or use the Company Features. This information may include the Customer’s browser type and version, the search engine the Customer used to find the Site or Company Features, if any, which Company Features the Customer uses, and when and how long it uses them. We use this information to monitor and analyze how our Customers use the Company Features, to provide customer service, and to maintain and improve the Company Features. We and our third-party service providers may collect such Other Information using cookies and pixel tags, which are described above. Like many websites, we may employ cookies in certain areas of the Site to allow us to provide information to make our Customers’ online experience more convenient. We also may include pixel tags on the Site or in the emails that we send to Customers to determine whether a Customer has opened a particular email or used a particular area of the Site or Company Features. In addition, our servers automatically record information that a Customer’s browser sends whenever a Customer visits the Site, including the Other Information listed above.How We Use Information Collected through Our site We use information that we collect through our Site: To fulfill the terms of any agreement a Customer has with us and complete transactions that a Customer initiates;To send administrative messages and other general announcements, to respond to Customer requests to perform an activity in connection with a Customer’s use of any of the Site, or otherwise to contact Customers when necessary;To send promotional emails that will alert Customers of new services, features, or enhancements to the Company Features. Although we hope you will find our promotional emails of interest, you may opt out of receiving them by following the “unsubscribe” instructions included at the bottom of each commercial email message; To request feedback and handle customer service questions or issues;To keep track of our Customers’ interactions with us, including but not limited to their activity within the Company Features, and to improve our Customers’ user experience and the quality of the Company Features;To analyze information in aggregate form or where the data has or will within a reasonable period of time from collection go through a de-identification process involving reasonable steps to ensure that the data cannot reasonably be re-associated or connected to an individual or be connected to or associated with a particular computer or device (“De-Identified Data”). For example, we may use Personal Information with Other Information that we have collected in a manner such that the end-product does not personally identify any Customer. We may alter Personal Information to make it Other Information by either combining it with information about other Customers (aggregating Personal Information with information about other Customers), or by removing characteristics (such as a Customer’s name or email address) that make the information personally identifiable; and For internal purposes such as administering the Site and Company Features, improving and customizing the Site and Company Features, helping us understand and analyze how the Site and Company Features are being used, tracking aggregate usage of the Site and Company Features, and creating new products and services or improving existing products or services.To perform analytics on our Site. For example, we use Google Analytics to help collect and analyze certain information for the purposes discussed above. You may opt out of the use of cookies by Google Analytics here. We may use information collected to reach site visitors elsewhere on the internet with targeted advertising (IBA), such as retargeting. To opt out please visit www.aboutads.info/choices. Will We Share Information With Third Parties? Sharing of Information We may share the information that we collect with third parties under the following circumstances: Service Providers. We may share Personal and Other Information with carefully selected service providers, including companies that perform marketing services and other business operations for us. We engage these companies for the purpose of processing information on our and our Customers’ behalf. For example, we may partner with other companies to process payments for the Company Features. Additionally, we may partner with other companies to process, analyze, and/or store data, including, but not limited to, De-Identified Data. While providing services for us, these companies may access Personal Information about our Customers. Customers. We license TV Viewership Data to our customers (e.g., advertisers; agencies; publishers of video content; and their ad tech, marketing, and other vendors, etc.) so they may combine it with their own data sets in order to execute specific use cases that are consistent with the licenses we have with the applicable data providers. Aggregate information. We may also use Personal and Other Information to provide analysis of our Customers or Users in the aggregate (including the De-Identified Data subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy), which we may disclose to prospective partners and other third parties. Video content. We share the links to video content uploaded by our Customers with our publisher network.Protection of rights and other legal purposes.We will use and share Personal and Other Information if we have a good faith belief that (i) access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, such as a court order or subpoena, or a request by law enforcement or governmental authorities, (ii) such action is appropriate to enforce our Terms of Use for the Company Features, including any investigation of potential violations thereof, or defend against legal claims, (iii) such action is necessary to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues associated with the Company Features, or (iv) such action is appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of the Company, its employees, Customers, or others. Asset transfers. If we become involved in a merger, acquisition or other transaction involving the sale of some or all of the Company’s assets, information that we collect, including Personal Information collected from our Customers through their use of the Company Features, could be included in the transferred assets. Should such an event occur, we will use reasonable means to notify our Customers through email and/or a prominent notice on the Site. Additional Information You Should Know About Third Parties This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of third-party websites linked to the Site or accessible through the Company Features. This Privacy Policy also does not cover the websites of our publisher network where our Customers’ links to video content will be posted. We are not responsible for their collection and use of our Customers’ Personal Information. Customers should refer to the privacy policies and statements of other websites or contact the respective webmasters of those websites to obtain information regarding their information collection, use, and disclosure policies. When you have clicked on a third-party logo or URL displayed on our Site or accessible through the Company Features which links you to a different website, our Privacy Policy no longer applies and you must read the privacy policy of the third party to see how your Personal Information will be handled on their website. What Choices Do You Have about the Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Information by VideoAmp? User Opt-Out Users may “opt out” of VideoAmp’s targeted advertising, including the use of information for Interest-Based Advertising and Cross-Device Linking, by following the instructions below for opting out in web browsers, mobile applications, and other online services. Please note the following when opting out: VideoAmp uses a third party service provider to deliver certain data collection functionalities on VideoAmp’s behalf. An opt out that is separate and in addition to the opt out for VideoAmp’s own data collection applies to this third party service provider data collection as further described below,The opt-outs will apply to the specific browser or device from which you opt out, and therefore you will need to opt out separately for each hardware device and web browser software you use and on which you want to be opted out. Opting out of Interest-Based Advertising does not block advertisements from displaying on websites, apps, or online services you visit; opting out will only stop advertisements tailored to your interests.Opting out in web browsers requires a cookie to be placed in your browser so that we know that you have chosen to opt out of this service. This cookie must exist for the entire duration in which you wish to be opted out. Clearing this cookie from your browser or preventing the ability for the cookie to be created will opt you in for Interest-Based Advertising. For a more persistent opt-out, please use the DAA’s “Protect My Choices” tool available at http://www.aboutads.info/PMCM . Opt out in web browsers If you would like to opt out in web browsers, please click one or both of the “Opt Out” options below. Note that opting out to one will not opt you out to the other: VideoAmp adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and related guidance. For more information about Interest-Based Advertising in general and how to opt out in web browsers, please visit the DAA opt-out page available at www.aboutads.info/choices . Opt Out for VideoAmp’s own data collection available at here Opt out for VideoAmp’s data collection via its third party service provider . VideoAmp adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and related guidance. For more information about Interest-Based Advertising in general and how to opt out in web browsers, please visit the DAA opt-out page available at www.aboutads.info/choices .Opt Out in Mobile Applications (will apply to mobile data collection by VideoAmp itself and via its third party service provider) VideoAmp treats the “Limit Ad Tracking” signals sent from Apple and Android mobile operating systems as an opt-out for that particular device and will not use information collected from that device in mobile applications for Interest-Based Advertising and Cross-Device Linking purposes. To adjust settings on your mobile device, visit: iOS: Settings > Privacy > Advertising > Limit Ad TrackingAndroid: Settings > Google > Ads > Opt out of interest-based ads Opt out in other online services Some of our third-party partners may provide you with additional choices to opt out of targeted advertising. For example, your cable or satellite TV provider or the manufacturer of your Internet-connected TV or online streaming device may allow you to control your advertising preferences through your account settings or the settings on your device. Please review the privacy policies of the third-party services you use for more information. Customers’ Control of their Personal Information Customers may update or delete their Personal Information or modify their account preferences for the Company Features by accessing the account interface provided through the Company Features. Please note that when Customers delete their accounts, we may retain account information for a reasonable period of time afterward for the purpose of internal account management and fraud prevention activities. If a Customer would like to opt out of receiving promotional emails from VideoAmp, please follow the “unsubscribe” instructions included at the bottom of each commercial email message. What Security Measures Do We Take to Safeguard the Information That We Collect? The company uses commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and administrative security measures that are designed to protect the security, integrity, and privacy of information that we collect. However, no server, computer or communications network or system, or data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect information about Customers and Users, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us or through the use of any of the Company Features. You acknowledge and agree that you provide such information and engage in such transmissions at your own risk. Once we receive a transmission from you, we will endeavor to maintain its security on our systems. What Other Important Information Should You Know? Retention of Information We retain Personal Information as long as reasonably necessary to provide the Company Features to our Customers. We retain information collected via the Company Features and used for ad targeting and/or ad delivery and reporting for up to 13 months from the date and time the Company Features recognize a User’s cookie or other device identifier. Children’s Privacy We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13, or allow them to create an account for the Company Features. We take children’s privacy seriously, and encourage parents to play an active role in their children’s online experience at all times. Notification of Changes This Privacy Policy may change from time to time and we will post all changes on the Site. The Last Modified date posted below indicates the effective date of the most recent revision of this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically. Questions? Contact Us If you have any questions about our privacy practices or this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: VideoAmp, Inc. Attn: Legal 2229 S Carmelina Ave Los Angeles, CA 90064 You can also send us an email at privacy@videoamp.com . Explore our culture People Technology Health & Wellness Stay in The Know Email addressEmail © VideoAmp, Inc. All rights reserved. VideoAmp hiking enthusiasts have summited: Mount Whitney, Half Dome and the Teton Range. More than a quarter of Vampers play at least one instrument. Nearly a quarter of Vampers are actively serving a charity. 58% of Vampers are busy practicing a sport. Swimming with sharks is the most popular activity amongst our thrill-seeking Vampers. We are pet lovers: nearly 60% of Vampers own at least one pet. 23% of Vampers play 2 instruments. 60% of Vamper parents are raising 2-5 future Vampers! 34% of Vampers participate in our Wellness programs up to 3 times a week. We have some especially talented Vampers in the areas of: 19th century chemical photography, champion knitter, knife forging and lithography. We like to travel: half of Vampers have traveled to 9-12 countries. A brave 5% of Vampers are running their own small zoo with 5+ pets at home! Top 3 sports played by Vampers: Soccer, Baseball and Tennis. Over 90% of Vampers said that their coworkers were the best thing about working at VideoAmp.The most popular items growing in our Vamper’s gardens right now are: artichoke, mint, peppers, squash, radish, garlic, tomatoes, dill and basil. 7% of Vampers enjoy the VideoAmp wellness program offerings 5 or more times a week! Pickle Ball is the sport most Vampers chose when asked what VideoAmp’s official sport should be. Slightly over half of our company is made up of new Vampers joining a year ago! Swimming amongst legends: 2 nationally ranked swim champions work at VideoAmp. Nearly half of Vampers participate in our Wellness programs at least once a week. 8% of Vampers are one-person band and can play 4 or more instruments! We are busy collecting passport stamps! Almost 10% of Vampers have traveled to 24+ countries. 33% of Vampers are AdTech pros having worked in the space for over 8 years. Responses based on 160 Vampers who took this Fun Facts survey. Notifications