VideMob Privacy Policy VideMob takes your privacy seriously. This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains how personal and device related information is collected, used and shared by VideMob, a product owned by Cydersoft (R.B) Ltd., its subsidiaries and affiliated companies (collectively, “Cydersoft”, “VideMob” or “we”, “us”, “our”) when end-users (“you” or “your”) visit our website at: www.videmob.com (“Site”) and view advertisements served by us on third party websites or mobile applications (“apps”). We may change this Policy from time to time. If we make any changes to this Policy, we will change the “Last Updated” date above, and in some cases we may provide you with additional notice (such as by adding a statement to our website at www.videmob.com ). If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at privacy@videmob.com . 1. OUR BUSINESS VideMob is a mobile advertising product by Cydersoft. We use our proprietary technology to offer advertising solutions to our clients. This includes delivering targeted advertising (which means customized advertising according to the advertisers’ users’ interests, geographic locations and more) which we infer from information we collect their interaction with sites and apps that use our Platform. We offer solutions across our network of mobile publishers and app developers (our “Platform”). 2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT ON OUR SITE Cydersoft is the sole owner of the information collected on our Site. The information may consist of both Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) and Non-Personally Identifiable Information (“Non-PII”). When you use our Site, the PII we collect includes information that you provide us when you register for a publisher account, information that you provide when you use interactive areas and features of our Site and when you communicate with us. The types of PII we collect may include your name, email address, phone number, billing address, social security number, IP address tax identification number, credit card information, bank account information, PayPal and other contact or demographic information you choose to provide. Non-PII information is collected automatically when you visit our Site. This type of information includes log information such as your operating system, access times, web browser type and language, screen type and resolution, etc. We also collect information about your usage and activity on our Site (e.g. the pages that you visit within the VideMob Site). 3. COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES We use cookies to improve the website, monitor and analyze web traffic. This allows us to better understand which sections of our website are more interesting to our visitors. This also may help us understand certain aggregated geographic and demographic information about our visitors. 4. INFORMATION WE COLLECT ON OUR PLATFORM When you view an advertisement using our Platform, we collect some or all of the following information: the type of content on the ad (e.g. product or service); the ad type (e.g. text, image, or video); the location of the ad being served (e.g. the address of the website on which the ad appears); and information on the post-click activity in relation to the ad (e.g. whether you proceed to purchase the product or service advertised). Our partnering mobile publishers or app developers may also disclose to us information they have separately collected about you so that we can improve the relevance of the ads we serve on their behalf. They do this in accordance with their own specific privacy policies and subject to their own applicable legal requirements. We use the information they provide to us only to serve you with interest-based ads on their behalf. Sensitive data, which is Non-PII, such as viewing of sites with sexual content or information indicating a user’s specific medical condition, is not used by us to tailor ads from one site to others across our Platform. Our Platform may provide information to publishers and app developers about how you use and engage with their app, as well as how sites or apps are performing across different handsets, including but not limited to tracking conversions across multiple advertising networks. We obtain this information as a result of data being sent via our SDK embedded by the publisher or developer in the app. Each publisher and app developer is responsible for obtaining all applicable consents to enable VideMob to collect information from your device. 5.HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION We use PII information collected through our Site to operate and improve the Site; respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service; monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Site; prevent fraudulent transactions; provide and deliver your products and services and to send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts and administrative messages; notify you about updates and news about our products and services; and link or combine with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your needs and provide you with better service. We use your usage information to analyze our web traffic, to figure out how often customers use parts of the Site, to improve the Site and generally to make it appealing to as many users as possible. We use the information collected through our Platform to display interest-based advertising customised to individuals’ inferred interests, preferences and locations, and to perform analysis aimed at improving our services and technologies. The information we collect also helps us to provide filtering options for publishers and app developers to manage advertisements appearing on their sites and in their apps, and to provide targeting options for advertisers. For example, this helps our publishers and app developers avoid presenting you with ads that you have already seen, as well as show you ads that match your interests. 6. RETAINING YOUR INFORMATION We do not retain any of your information on our servers, except for PII that you provide us when you register for a Publisher’s account (in order to be able to log in, access reports, etc.). 7. HOW WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION We do not sell your personal information to third parties. We will share your PII only in the ways that are described in this Policy. We share the analysis of activity we collect from your visits to partnering sites and apps with our publisher, app developer and advertiser clients (e.g. provide a report to a client on the number of its advertisements that were clicked). We make the information anonymous and Non-PII prior to sharing it to preserve your anonymity. Our clients use this anonymised information to better understand their site and app traffic usage so that they can refine and improve their services, including to limit the number of times a specific advertisement is presented to the same mobile device (frequency capping), provide an ad to only certain types of mobile devices. 8. OTHER INFORMATION WE SHARE We may need to disclose information, including PII, when in our sole judgment we are required to do so by law, regulation, or when such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process. Additionally, there may be times where we will need to disclose information to protect our system or our rights or to ensure your safety or the safety of others. This may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection. Additionally, we may transfer all or some of the data discussed in this policy, in connection with a corporate merger, acquisition, partial or total sale of assets, bankruptcy, or any other corporate change. We may share information, including PII, with your consent if we notify you that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information. 9. ANALYTICS SERVICES PROVIDED BY THIRD PARTIES We may allow other companies to provide analytics services on our behalf. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect PII and Non-PII about your use of the Site, including your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages and links clicked. We may use this information for purposes such as analyzing and tracking data, determining the popularity of certain content and better understanding your online activity. 10. VOLUNTARY INFORMATION COLLECTED ON BEHALF OF THIRD PARTIES We may offer collect, for our clients, voluntary information from you as part of an advertisement, such as to serve an ad that contains an advertiser questionnaire. We will collect all of the information that you voluntarily provide in response to the advertisement and forward directly to the relevant client. The voluntary information you provided will be governed by that client’s privacy policies. 11. INTERNATIONAL SHARING We may share your information with clients, affiliates and other third parties described above who are based in countries outside of your country of residence.While some countries may not have data protection laws that are equivalent to those of your country of residence, we will take all commercially reasonable measures to protect your information in accordance with this Policy and applicable legal requirements. 12. SECURITY AND INTEGRITY OF YOUR DATA We take all commercially reasonable measures to safeguard your information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. We process information in a way that is compatible with and relevant for the purpose for which it was collected. To the extent necessary for those purposes, we take reasonable steps to ensure that any information in our care is accurate, complete, current and reliable for its intended use. 13. THIRD PARTY DATA You shall ensure that if you provide any data of third parties, any such third party has been informed of, and have given its consent to, the use, processing, and transfer of data in connection with the our Platform; 14. ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION AND OPTING OUT OF OUR SITE You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from VideMob by following the instructions in those emails. You may also send requests to understand the nature and extent of your personal information which we have on you, about your contact preferences and changes to your information by emailing privacy@videmob.com . 15. CHANGING OR DELETING YOUR INFORMATION You may review, update, correct or delete the PII in your account by contacting us. If you completely delete all such information, then your account may become deactivated. If you would like us to delete your record in our system or stop sending you any information please contact us at privacy@videmob.com . 16. PRIVACY COMPLAINTS BY EUROPEAN UNION AND SWISS CITIZENS We will make commercially reasonable effort to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information in compliance with the U.S.– EU and U.S.- Swiss Safe Harbor Principles. European Union and Swiss citizens with inquiries or complaints regarding this Policy should first contact us at: privacy@videmob.com . 17. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY We do not knowingly collect any personal information about children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have collected personal information about a child under the age of 13, we will immediately delete that information from our database. If you believe your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us: privacy@videmob.com . 18. QUESTIONS AND CONCERNS If you have any questions or concerns about this Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us: privacy@videmob.com . Addendum on Data Processing By Cydersoft This Data Processing Addendum (“DPA”) supplements and forms part of any existing and currently valid agreement (“Agreement“), either previously or concurrently made between Cydersoft and its affiliates (“Cydersoft”,“Videmob“, “we” or “us“) and you regarding the processing of Personal Data, as defined hereunder, as part of the service(s) provided to you by Videmob under the Agreement (“Service(s)”). In any conflict between this DPA and any Agreement, the terms of this DPA shall prevail. Any capitalized terms not defined herein will have the meaning as set forth in the Policy. Unless when otherwise stated in this DPA, the following words and expressions shall have the following meaning: “Data Subject” shall mean the identified or identifiable natural person whose personal data are the subject of the Processing under this DPA. The categories of Data Subjects whose Personal Data are subject to Processing under this DPA are listed in this DPA.“Law” shall mean applicable data protection and privacy laws, rules and regulations, including without limitation the EU Regulation 2916/679 (“General Data Protection Regulation”). “Personal Data” shall mean any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person as defined in Art 4 Nr.1 of the General Data Protection Regulation. The categories of Personal Data subject to Processing under this Agreement are listed in this DPA.“Processing” shall mean any operation or set of operations which is or are performed on Personal Data, whether by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, duplication, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, blocking, erasure or destruction. “Purposes” shall mean the limited, specific and legitimate purposes of the Processing, as described in this DPA and/or the Agreement. Data Processing. Within the scope of the Service(s), you hereby engage Cydersoft to collect, process and/or use Personal Data on your behalf.In respect of any Personal Data supplied by you to Cydersoft in relation with your use of the Service(s) and to the extent that EU data protection laws apply to the processing of the Personal Data, Videmob is considered the Data Processor. You acknowledge and agree that you have the responsibility on the lawfulness of the Processing and warrant to Cydersoft that you are legally allowed to engage Cydersoft for processing the Personal Data on your behalf and have provided all necessary notices and obtained all required consents from the Data Subjects. Cydersoft might collect amongst data similar to the following: Information about an end user’s device, such as device type and model, network provider, browser type, language, device IP address, operating system, network connection type, device GPS location (only if user provides permission) mobile advertising identifier such as the Advertising ID (Apple IDFA or Google AAID),Information about your mobile app, such as package name, keywords, version. Data Subjects affected by the Processing under this DPA are the end users of your mobile app and/or website or service(s). Cydersoft uses the Personal Data solely for providing the Service(s). Processing operations by Cydersoft include the Processing of the aforementioned Personal Data to serve end users with contextual ads and/or targeted ads that are relevant to the end users and may interest the end users, to produce advertising reports on the performance of the campaigns on your mobile app and/or website and to improve the advertising performance on your mobile app and/or website. In that context Cydersoft will also combine on your behalf Personal Data from different sources to improve Cydersoft’s Service(s). Cydersoft also processes your Personal Data for fraud prevention, bot detection, rating, analytics, viewability, geo location services, ad security & verification services and problem & fault management. Cydersoft imposes appropriate contractual obligations upon its personnel who engage in the Processing of Personal Data, including relevant obligations regarding confidentiality, data protection and data security. Cydersoft ensures that its applicable personnel were informed of the confidential nature of the Personal Data, have received appropriate training and have executed written confidentiality agreements. Cydersoft will further ensure that such confidentiality agreements survive the termination of the employment or engagement of its personnel Organizational and technical measures. Cydersoft shall take appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk involved in Processing your Personal Data. These measures are aimed at ensuring that your Personal Data is reasonably protected against accidental or unauthorized destruction, accidental loss, as well as against unauthorized alteration of, disclosure of and access to your Personal Data. To the extent that the technical and organizational measures taken by Cydersoft do not fulfil your requirements, you must notify Cydersoft in written or in text form thereof prior to the start of any Processing of your Personal Data. In that case, both parties will negotiate in good faith an adjustment of the technical and organizational measures and the compensation for those required adjustments. The technical and organizational security measures may be adjusted by Cydersoft at any time insofar as long as the security level does not fall below the security level of the technical and organizational security measures set forth in the current security measures provided by Cydersoft. Anonymized Data. Cydersoft may process data based on extracts of Personal Data on an aggregated and non-identifiable forms, for Cydersoft’s legitimate business purposes, including for testing, development, controls and operations of the Services, and may share and retain such data at Cydersoft’s discretionNotices. If you wish to make any inquiries about this DPA, please contact Cydersoft’s privacy team at: privacy@videmob.com Data Protection Officer. Cydersoft has a data protection officer. The Data Protection Officer is responsible for privacy and data collection issues. The Data Protection Officer can be reached at the following address privacy@videmob.com .Fundamental Rights. Your privacy is important to us. We wish to inform you of your Fundamental Rights under the General Data Protection Regulation. These Fundamental Rights are listed below: You have the right to be informed – we will always notify you on how we are using your Personal Data. You have the right of access – you have the right to know what Personal Data we collect and how it is processed.If you wish to know what Personal Data we have collected please contact us at privacy@videmob.com .You have the right of rectification – if your Personal Data is incorrect or incomplete please notify us and we will rectify the situation. You have the right to "be forgotten" – if you wish for us to delete and remove your Personal Data please let us know and we will delete it. You do not have to supply us with a reason for the deletion.You have the right to restrict processing – If you wish for us not to process your Personal Data please let us know and we will not use any Processing methods on your Personal Data. You have the right to data portability – your Personal Data remains your property and you can always reuse this Personal Data for your benefit. You have the the right to object – in certain cases you are entitled to object to your Personal Data being used.Rights of automated decision making and profiling – you have the right not to be part of automated decision making the GDPR has put in place safeguards to protect individuals against the risk that a potentially damaging decision is made without human intervention. For example, individuals can choose not to be the subject of a decision where the consequence has a legal bearing on them, or is based on automated processing. Consent. Prior to collection or processing of your basic Personal Data such as your name and email address you must provide us with Consent. When you provided us with your Personal Data, this provides us with your Consent. The Consent that you provided us was freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of your wishes by which you, by a clear affirmative action (clicking a checkbox or sharing this information in any other electronic or non-electronic manner), signified agreement to the processing of your Personal Data. Explicit Consent. Prior to collection or processing of Personal Data such as racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, or trade-union membership, and the processing of genetic data, biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person, data concerning health or data concerning a natural person's sex life or sexual orientation you must provide us with Explicit Consent for each of these categories of Personal Data. When you provided us with these special categories of Personal Data you were required to click a checkbox or to voluntarily share this information as relevant to each category.