Need Help? We aim to deliver the best buying experience possible on the TV. Click a question below to view the answer. Order Information What is my order status? Please visit ( http://myaccount.vieraconnect.com/ ) from your PC. What payment methods can I use? For billing addresses in US, we accept Visa®, MasterCard®, EuroCard, Discover®, American Express®, Diner's Club®, and JCB, as well as check cards and ATM cards if they are issued by one of these major credit card companies. For billing addresses in Canada, we accept Visa® and MasterCard® credit cards. Should I use spaces or dashes when I enter my credit card number? No. Enter your credit card number without any spaces or special characters. It should be entered as a continuous string of numbers. Does my billing address have to match the address on file with my credit card? Yes. For credit card verification you must enter your billing address exactly as it appears on your credit card statement. Why is my credit card being rejected? There are many possible reasons for a credit card not being accepted: The card has expired.You have reached or exceeded your credit limit.You have exceeded your daily charge limit. When will my credit card be charged? For purchases of downloaded products, your credit card will be charged the day after your order is placed. For purchases of physical products, you won't be billed until your product is shipped. How will the charge show up on my credit card? The charge for your order will appear on your credit card as: "DRI*VIERA ConnectMkt" Can I order without a credit card? No. You must have a valid credit card to place an order. Do I have to pay sales tax? Depending on the order, sales tax may be calculated and charged. Any sales tax charged will be indicated once your billing and/or shipping address have been entered during checkout. Pursuant to the Digital VAT Directive, European Union (EU) customers will be charged a 15% value-added tax (VAT) on all downloaded digital products and services including software. A national VAT rate will be applied on physical goods for customers based in EU countries. This VAT may not be shown as a separate charge during checkout and may instead be included in the product price (VAT inclusive pricing). Tax-exempt individuals and entities can request a refund of the tax paid on an order. We will need a copy of your tax-exempt certificate and the billing or shipping address on the order must match the address on the certificate. Please include your order number or a copy of your receipt or invoice. You can fax a copy of your certificate, with order number or invoice to 952-253-8760. How do I get a copy of my invoice? Please visit ( http://myaccount.vieraconnect.com/ ) from your PC. What do I do if I forgot my password? Please visit ( http://myaccount.vieraconnect.com/ ) from your PC. How do I enter a shipping address? You will be asked to enter your shipping address when you register your account. You will not be able to change your shipping address during the checkout process, however if you need to make changes to your shipping address you can do so by updating your information at http://myaccount.vieraconnect.com/ . Shipping Information Has my order shipped? Once your order ships you will receive a shipping confirmation email with a tracking number. How do I get my tracking number? Once your order ships you will receive a shipping confirmation email with a tracking number. Do you ship to my country? Currently we only ship to the United States. Can I change my shipping address? Unfortunately, you cannot change your shipping address after you submit your order. Orders with physical shipments are immediately sent to the fulfillment agency when they are submitted and our system can no longer retrieve or change them. If your shipment is not successfully delivered it will be returned to the fulfillment warehouse and a credit will be made to your account. Can I change my shipping method? Unfortunately, you cannot change your shipping method after you submit your order. Orders with physical shipments are immediately sent to the fulfillment agency when they are submitted and our system can no longer retrieve or change them. Technical Support How do I get technical support for my product? For technical assistance with your physical product, please contact the respective manufacturer of the product (if other than Panasonic). To request technical assistance with physical products manufactured by Panasonic, please use the URL below from your PC. USA: http://www2.panasonic.com/consumer-electronics/support/Contact-Us.2 Canada: https://panasonic.ca/english/customercare/feedback.asp To request technical assistance with applications installed on your VIERA TV, please contact the respective application providers. Download Information What if the download to SD Card/USB Flash Drive stops before it completes?You can restart the downloading process by navigating to “My Applications” section under “MY ACCOUNT” menu and selecting the application you wish to download. What do I do when I lose the application on the SD Card/USB Flash Drive? You can re-download the application by navigating to “My Applications” section under “MY ACCOUNT” menu and selecting the application you wish to download. Note: Some application providers may not allow re-download of the application after 30 days of purchase. What do I do when I lose the SD Card/USB Flash Drive containing my application? You can re-download the application by navigating to “My Applications” section under “MY ACCOUNT” menu and selecting the application you wish to download. Note: Some application providers may not allow re-download of the application after 30 days of purchase. Returns and Cancellations What is your return policy? With respect to physical products, Panasonic Smart TV Market store by Digital River offers a 30-day money back guarantee. If you receive defective, damaged or incorrect product you can return it free of charge within 30 days since the date of invoice. Once we receive and process your return request you will get an email with return instructions. In most cases a call tag will be issued to arrange for a pick up of your return shipment. You can also return a product for any reason within 30 days since the date of invoice, providing it is in original factory condition, including all packaging materials, inserts and manuals, warranty cards (not filled-out) and all accessories. You will be responsible for return shipping in this case and must make your own arrangements with a carrier. We will issue a credit to your credit card upon receiving and inspecting the returned product. If after 30 days your product becomes defective, please follow the Warranty Policy of the product manufacturer. With respect to applications, Panasonic Smart TV Market store by Digital River do not offer refunds. How do I request a return? Please visit ( http://myaccount.vieraconnect.com/ ) from your PC. Do you offer exchanges? If you want to exchange for a different item, you will need to return the item and place a new order. How do I cancel my order for physical products? Unfortunately, we can not cancel an order after it has been submitted. Orders with physical shipments are immediately sent to the fulfillment agency when they are submitted and our system can no longer retrieve or change them. However, you can refuse delivery or follow our return procedure. When will my credit appear on my credit card? Your refund credit will appear on your card 5 - 7 business days after your returned product is inspected and accepted by the warehouse. Privacy and Security What is your privacy policy? Digital River, one of the most trusted names in e-commerce and Web-based technology, respects the privacy of our partners, clients and their customers. Please go to "MY ACCOUNT" to view the Digital River privacy policy. What is the Digital River Secure & Virus Free Guarantee? We guarantee your shopping safety. You can shop with confidence knowing that you are totally protected when you order through any Digital River network member. Digital River Guarantees: You pay nothing if any unauthorised charges are made to your card as a result of shopping with us.Every software download is 100% virus free.All information that you provide while shopping is encrypted so no one can access or use personal information in an unauthorised manner. Credit Card Protection Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. If your bank holds you liable for any of this $50.00, Digital River will cover your entire liability, up to the full $50.00. Digital River will cover this liability only if the unauthorised use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made through a Digital River network member while using the Digital River secure server. In the event of unauthorised use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with their reporting rules and procedures. Virus Protection In the unlikely event your software downloaded from a Digital River network member contains a virus, Digital River agrees to either replace the affected software or refund the purchase price plus any shipping costs associated with the affected software. Digital River's liability is limited to the replacement or refund of only the virus-infected software downloaded from a Digital River network member. Digital River will cover this liability only if the virus resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made through a Digital River network member while using the Digital River secure server.Digital River does not assume liability for any costs associated with repairing or replacing any computer components, hardware, additional software, computer files, or any other costs associated with repairing, replacing, or removing virus-infected files from your computer. Data Encryption Because we accept sensitive information from shoppers (name, mailing address, credit card number and so on) Digital River uses VeriSign® Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to protect personal shopper information. This logic encrypts data being sent and received using high-level encryption technology. This technology assigns undetectable codes to data transmissions that only our server and shoppers can validate. This ensures that no external party can view the data. Still Need Help? You can request further assistance by following the URLs below from your PC. USA: http://www2.panasonic.com/consumer-electronics/support/Contact-Us.2 Canada: https://panasonic.ca/english/customercare/feedback.asp