Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be disabled. You may be able to configure your Internet browser to block strictly necessary cookies. However, if you block cookies in this category, which do not collect or store any personal information, this could affect some parts of the website and cause it to function incorrectly. Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits, identify traffic sources and understand how our services are used to measure and improve performance. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you visited our site and we will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies These cookies improve functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by other third-party providers whose services we add to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all of these additional functions may not work properly. Targeting Cookies Our advertising partners may set these cookies on our site. They can be used to show you our ads on third-party sites, measure the effectiveness of those ads, or prevent ads from being shown to you. They do not store personal information directly, but rather uniquely identify your browser and device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will not receive targeted advertising. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelU.S. State Privacy Notice Last Updated: June 30, 2023 This U.S. State Privacy Notice (the “ Notice ”) applies to “ Consumers ” as defined under the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “ CCPA ”), the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, the Utah Consumer Privacy Act, Connecticut’s Act Concerning Personal Data Privacy, and Online Monitoring, Chapter 603A of the Nevada Revised Statutes, and all laws implementing, supplementing or amending the foregoing, including regulations promulgated thereunder (collectively, “ U.S. Privacy Laws ”), and forms part of Vimeo’s Privacy Policy . In the event of a conflict between any other Vimeo policy, statement, or notice and this Notice, this Notice will prevail as to Consumers and their rights under the applicable state privacy law. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein will have the meanings given to them in Vimeo’s Privacy Policy . Section 1 of this Notice provides notice of our data practices, including our collection, use, and disclosure of Consumer personal information (which shall include reference to similar terms such as personal data, which we refer to herein as “ PI ”). Section 2 of this Notice provides information regarding Consumer rights and how you may exercise them. Section 3 of this Notice provides additional information for California residents. Section 4 of this Notice provides additional information for Nevada residents. Section 5 of this Notice provides our contact information. This Notice does not apply to data that is not treated as personal information or personal data under U.S. Privacy Laws or to the extent the data is subject to an exemption under U.S. Privacy Laws. This Notice also does not apply to information collected by third-party content, websites, applications, platform, code (e.g., plug-ins, application programming interfaces, and software development kits), and certain cookies and other tracking technologies. 1. Description of Data Practices The description of our data practices in this Notice covers the twelve (12) months prior to the “Last Updated” date and will be updated at least annually. This Notice also applies to our current data practices such that it is also meant to provide you with “notice at collection.” For any new or substantially different processing activities not described in this Notice, we will notify you as required by U.S. Privacy Laws, including by either providing additional information at the point of collection, or by updating this Notice. A. PI Collection, Use, & Disclosures In general, we collect, retain, use, and disclose your PI (including the categories of PI shown in the table below) in order to provide our services and operate our business, which include both the business purposes and commercial purposes described in Vimeo’s Privacy Policy , including in the “ How We Use Your Data ” section (collectively, “ Processing Purposes ”). This may include disclosing or otherwise making PI available to our vendors that perform services for us, such as those authorized vendors described in “ With Whom We Share Your Data ” (including “Service Providers” and “Processors” defined under U.S. Privacy Laws) (“ Vendors ”). Our business purposes also include the disclosure of PI to certain recipients, such as: Vendors in furtherance of the Processing Purposes.You, or other parties at your direction or through your intentional action.Assignees as part of a Business Transaction (defined below) where another party assumes control over all or part of our business.The government or private parties to comply with law or legal process.In addition, our Vendors and the other recipients listed in the below table may, subject to contractual restrictions imposed by us and/or legal obligations, also use and disclose your PI for business purposes. For example, our Vendors and the other categories of recipients listed in the table below may engage subcontractors to enable them to perform services for us or process for our business purposes. Some of the Processing Purposes, as we discuss below the table, implicate “Sale,” “Sharing,” and or “Targeted advertising.” For more details on the meaning of Sale, Sharing, and Targeted Advertising, and how to opt-out of them, please visit the Do Not Sell/Share/Target section below. The table below outlines the categories of PI (including examples) and categories of recipients also corresponding to each category of PI. The right column states the categories of recipients that receive those specific categories of PI and Sensitive PI as part of disclosures for business purposes, as well as disclosures which may be considered a Sale or Sharing under certain U.S.Privacy Laws: Category of PI Categories of Recipients Identifiers (such as account name, email address, IP address, cookie ID) Disclosures for business purposes: Software and other business Vendors (“ Business Vendors ”)Marketing VendorsSubsidiaries and affiliates (“ Affiliates and Related Entities ”) Sale/Sharing: Third-Party Digital Businesses Personal Records (such as address, contact information, payment card information) Disclosures for business purposes: Business VendorsMarketing VendorsFraud prevention partnersAffiliates and related entities Sale/Sharing: Third-Party Digital Businesses Personal Characteristics or Traits (such as pronouns) Disclosures for business purposes: Business VendorsMarketing VendorsFraud prevention partnersAffiliates and related entities Sale/Sharing: N/A Transaction / Commercial Information (such as products or services used, purchased, or considered; and other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies) Disclosures for business purposes: Business VendorsMarketing VendorsAffiliates and Related Entities Sale/Sharing: Third-Party Digital Businesses Internet Usage Information (such as search, browsing history, and other interactions with the Service) Disclosures for business purposes: Business VendorsMarketing VendorsAffiliates and Related Entities Sale/Sharing: Third-Party Digital Businesses Location Data (such as where you enable location-based features on your device, or where we may infer your rough location (such as zip code) based on IP address as part of the Service) Disclosures for business purposes: Business VendorsMarketing VendorsAffiliates and Related Entities Sale/Sharing: Third-Party Digital Businesses Audiovisual and Similar Information (such as customer service and sales call recordings) Disclosures for business purposes: Business VendorsMarketing VendorsAffiliates and Related Entities Sale/Sharing: N/A Professional or Employment Information (such as your title and affiliated organization) Disclosures for business purposes: Business VendorsMarketing VendorsAffiliates and Related Entities Sale/Sharing: N/A Inferences from PI Collected (Inferences we make about you or your interests using PI we have collected) Disclosures for business purposes: Business VendorsMarketing VendorsAffiliates and Related Entities Sale/Sharing: Third-Party Digital Businesses Account Information and Password* (we store your account log-in in combination with a password in our systems) Disclosures for business purposes: Business VendorsAffiliates and Related Entities Sale/Sharing: N/A Communication Content* (such as when you send a message to another Vimeo user on the platform) Disclosures for business purposes: Business VendorsAffiliates and Related Entities Sale/Sharing: N/A *considered Sensitive PI or Sensitive Data under certain of the U.S. Privacy Laws, which we refer to in this Notice as “ Sensitive PI ” We also reserve the right to disclose and transfer all such information in connection with a merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our interests and/or assets or other corporate change, and during the course of any due diligence process (collectively, “ Business Transactions ”). As permitted by applicable law, we do not treat deidentified data or aggregate consumer information as PI, and we may elect not to treat publicly available information as PI. Processing Purposes Implicating Sale, Sharing, Targeted Advertising, and Profiling When you provide us PI for the following Processing Purposes, we may use and disclose certain PI that you provide for such purposes in a way that may constitute Selling and/or Sharing, as well as Processing of your PI for purposes of Targeted Advertising. Operating our servicesFor purposes disclosed at the time you provide your PIFor our legitimate business purposes that are compatible with the purpose of collecting your PI and that are not prohibited by law Processing Purposes that may implicate Selling and/or Sharing, as well as Processing of your PI for Targeted Advertising include the following: Customizing your experienceMarketing and advertisingFor purposes disclosed at the time you provide your PIFor our legitimate business purposes that are compatible with the purpose of collecting your PI and that are not prohibited by law B. Sources We collect PI directly from you or your device, Vendors, Third-Party Digital Businesses, our Affiliates and Related Entities, other users (e.g. users who upload content you appear in), and other third parties. C. Retention Because there are so many different types of PI in each category, and various use cases for different types of data, we are unable to provide data retention ranges based on categories of PI in a way that would be meaningful and transparent to you. Actual retention periods depend upon how long we have a legitimate purpose for the retention consistent with the collection purposes and applicable law.For instance, we may maintain business records for so long as relevant to our business, and may have a legal obligation to hold PI for so long as potentially relevant to prospective or actual litigation or government investigation (see Vimeo’s Privacy Policy for additional information). We apply the same criteria for determining if we have a legitimate purpose for retaining your PI that you ask us to delete. If you make a deletion request, we will conduct a review of your PI to confirm if legitimate ongoing retention purposes exist, will limit the retention to such purposes for so long as the purpose continues, and will respond to you with information on any retention purposes on which we rely for not deleting your PI. For more information on deletion requests see the Right to Delete section. 2. Consumer Rights We provide Consumers (users who are residents of certain states, as defined above) the privacy rights described in this section. For residents of states without Consumer privacy rights, we will consider requests but reserve the right to apply discretion in how we process such requests. A. Making a Request and Scope of Requests Any request you submit to us is subject to an identity verification process (“ Verifiable Consumer Request ”) as described in the Verifying Your Request section below. To make a request, other than a Do Not Sell/Share/Target request, please submit your request to us by one of the methods below. Email us at privacy@vimeo.com For instructions on how to submit a Do Not Sell/Share/Target request, please go to the Do Not Sell/Share/Target section below. Some information we maintain about Consumers that is technically considered PI may nonetheless not be sufficiently associated with information that you provide when making your request. For example, if you provide your name and email address when making a request, we may be unable to associate that information with certain data collection on the Service such as clickstream data tied only to a pseudonymous browser ID. Where we are unable to associate such information with the information you provide, we are therefore unable to associate such information with you and cannot include such information in response to those requests. If we cannot comply with a request, we will explain the reasons in our response. We will make commercially reasonable efforts to identify PI that we collect, process, store, disclose, and otherwise use and to respond to your privacy requests. We will typically not charge a fee to fully respond to your requests; in some circumstances, the U.S. Privacy Laws permit us to, and we may, charge a reasonable fee, or refuse to act upon a request, if your request is excessive, repetitive, unfounded, or overly burdensome. If we determine that the request warrants a fee, or if we decide to refuse it, we will give you notice explaining why we made that decision in our response to you. You will be provided a cost estimate and the opportunity to accept such fees before we will charge you for responding to your request. B. Verifying Your Request When you make a request, we will verify that you are the person you say you are, or, if you are seeking information on behalf of another person, that you are authorized to make the request on their behalf (see our “ Authorizing an Agent ” section immediately below). In addition, we will compare the information you have provided to ensure that we maintain PI about you in our systems. As an initial matter, we ask that you provide us with, at a minimum, full name and email address. Depending on the nature of the request and whether we have the email address you have provided in our systems, we may request further information from you in order to verify that you are the Consumer making the request. We will review the information provided as part of your request, and may ask you to provide additional information via e-mail or other means to complete the verification process. We will not fulfill your Right to Know (Categories), Right to Know (Specific Pieces), Right to Delete, or Right to Correction request unless you have provided sufficient information for us to reasonably verify you are the Consumer that is the subject of the request. The same verification process does not apply to opt-outs of Sale or Sharing, or limitation of Sensitive PI requests, but we may apply authentication measures if we suspect fraud (such as verifying access to the email provided when making the request). The verification standards we are required to apply for each type of request vary. We verify your categories requests and certain deletion and correction requests (e.g., those that are less sensitive in nature) to a reasonable degree of certainty, which may include matching at least two data points provided by you with data points maintained by us, which we have determined to be reliable for the purpose of verifying you.For certain deletion and correction requests (such as those that relate to PI that is more sensitive in nature) and for specific pieces requests, we apply a verification standard of reasonably high degree of certainty. This standard includes matching at least three data points provided by you with data points maintained by us, which we have determined to be reliable for the purpose of verifying you, and may include obtaining a signed declaration from you, under penalty of perjury, that you are the individual whose PI is the subject of the request. If we cannot verify you in respect of certain requests, such as if you do not provide the requested information, we will still take certain action as required by certain U.S. Privacy Laws. For example, if you are a California Consumer: If we cannot verify your deletion request, we will refer you to this Notice for a general description of our data practices.If we cannot verify your specific pieces request, we will treat it as a categories request. C. Authorizing an Agent You may designate an authorized agent to submit your Consumer request on your behalf. An authorized agent submitting a request on your behalf must have sufficient evidence that you have authorized that person to submit the request on your behalf, which may include, at a minimum, evidence of signed permission to submit the request and, as permitted under the U.S. Privacy Laws, we also may require the Consumer to either verify their own identity or directly confirm with us that they provided the agent permission to submit the request. D. Your Consumer Privacy Rights Under the applicable U.S. Privacy Laws, Consumers have the following rights, which can be exercised directly or, in certain cases, through an authorized agent: i. Right to Limit Sensitive PI Processing You may, depending on your state of residency, have the right to direct businesses to limit their use and disclosure of Sensitive PI if we use or disclose it beyond certain internal business purposes. Where applicable, we will treat such a request as a revocation of any consent that you may have provided to your processing of Sensitive PI. ii. Right to Know Categories: If you are a California resident, you have the right to request that we provide certain information to you about our collection, use, and disclosure of your PI over the 12-month period prior to the request date related to categories of PI. You can request that we confirm whether we are processing your personal information, and disclose to you: (1) the categories of PI we collected about you; (2) the categories of sources for the PI; (3) our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that PI; (4) a list of the categories of PI disclosed for a business purpose in the prior 12 months and, for each category of PI, the categories of recipients; and (5) a list of the categories of PI sold or shared about you in the prior 12 months and, for each, the categories of recipients Specific Pieces: You have the right to request a transportable copy of the specific pieces of PI we collected about you. In some states, such as California, this includes the right to PI collected in the 12-month period preceding your request. Please note that PI is retained by us for various time periods, so there may be certain information that we have collected about you that we do not retain for 12 months (and thus, it would not be able to be included in our response to you). Based on your state of residence, we may apply a limit on the number of “right to know” requests you make over a particular time period, as permitted under U.S. Privacy Laws. iii. Right to Confirm You have the right to confirm if we are processing your PI and to access your PI, as just stated in the two immediately prior paragraphs. iv. Right to Delete You have the right to request that we delete some or all of the PI that we have about you. Deleting all data will typically require the deletion of your account, along with all content, including your videos. After we confirm that your deletion request is a Verifiable Consumer Request, subject to permitted retention exceptions, we will carry out one or more of the following: (i) permanently erase your PI on our existing systems with the exception of archived or back-up systems, (ii) de-identify your PI, or (iii) aggregate your PI with other information. Where legal exceptions will apply to your request for deletion, we will tell you which one(s) and will limit retention to the permitted purpose(s) under U.S. Privacy Laws. v. Right to Correct You have the right to request that we correct inaccuracies that you find in your PI maintained by Vimeo. vi. Do Not Sell/Share/Target Under the various U.S. Privacy Laws, Consumers have the right to opt-out of certain processing activities.California and certain other states have opt-outs specific to Targeted Advertising activities - which California’s law refers to as “cross-context behavioral advertising,” and others simply as Targeted Advertising - which involve the use of PI from different businesses or services to target advertisements to you. California provides Consumers the right to opt-out of Sharing, which includes providing or making available PI to third parties for such Targeted Advertising activities, while other states provide Consumers the right to opt-out from processing PI for Targeted Advertising more broadly. There are broad and differing concepts of the Sale of PI under the various U.S. State Privacy Laws, all of which, at a minimum, require providing or otherwise making available PI to a third party. “ Third-Party Digital Businesses ” are third-party business partners, including social media platforms and other tech companies that offer digital advertising services, which may operate tracking technologies that collect PI about you on our Services (“ cookie PI ”), or otherwise collect and process PI that we make available about you, including digital activity information and traditional PI such as email address (“ non-cookie PI ”). We will treat PI collected by Third-Party Digital Businesses as implicating Sale, Sharing, and/or processing for Targeted Advertising where required, and accordingly apply opt-out requests that you make to such activities, as we describe in further detail below. When you opt-out pursuant to the instructions below, it will have the effect of opting you out of Sale, Sharing, and processing of your PI for Targeted Advertising, such that our opt-out process is intended to combine all of these state opt-outs into a single opt-out. Instructions for opting out are below. Please note that there are distinct instructions for opting out of cookie PI and non-cookie PI, which we explain further, below. Opt-out for non-cookie PI : If you would like to submit a request to opt-out of our processing of your non-cookie PI (e.g., your email address) for Targeted Advertising, or opt-out of the Sale or Sharing of such data, make an opt-out request here . Opt-out for cookie PI : If you would like to submit a request to opt-out of our processing of your cookie-related PI for Targeted Advertising, or opt-out of the sale/sharing of such PI, you can exercise an opt-out request. A tool is available on our website, which you can access via the “Do Not Sell My Information” link in the footer to exercise your opt-out rights. You must exercise your preferences on each of our websites and apps you visit, from each browser you use, and on each device that you use. Since your browser opt-out is designated by a cookie, if you clear or block cookies, your preferences will no longer be effective and you will need to enable them again. Some U.S. Privacy Laws require us to state that we do not knowingly Sell or Share the PI of Consumers under the age of 16. Global Privacy Control or “GPC” Some U.S. Privacy Laws require businesses to process GPC signals, which are referred to in some states as opt-out preference signals. GPC signals are signals sent by a platform, technology, or mechanism, enabled by individuals on their devices or browsers, that communicate the individual’s choice to opt-out of Sale, Sharing, and/or Targeted Advertising or limit the use and disclosure of their Sensitive PI, such that the GPC signal effectively automatically communicates such requests. To use GPC, you can download an internet browser or a plugin to use on your current internet browser and follow the settings to enable the OOPS/GPC. To our knowledge, we have configured the settings of our consent management platform to receive and process GPC signals as required by the U.S. Privacy Laws on our websites. We will apply GPC signals as Do Not Sell/Share requests as to cookie PI. Due to technical limitations, we are unable to apply GPC signals to non-cookie PI; however, you can make a DNS/Share request as to non-cookie PI at our webform as just described above. Notably, when you are visiting our website on a particular device and browser, we will apply the GPC signal and corresponding Do Not Sell/Share/Target as to cookie-PI only to that specific device and browser. You must re-enable GPC if you visit our website on a different device and/or browser. We are required by certain U.S. Privacy Laws to state that we do not: (1) charge any additional fees for use of our websites if you have enabled GPC; (2) change your experience with our websites if you use GPC; or (3) display a notification, pop-up, text, graphic, animation, sound, video, or any interstitial in response to GPC (except that we may from time-to-time display on our website or consent management platform that you have enabled GPC). Automated Decision Making and Profiling We may engage in processing that constitutes automated decision-making or profiling under the CCPA.However, as of the Last Updated date, the definitions of these concepts, and any associated opt-out and access rights have not been added to the updated regulations of the CCPA. We do not believe we carry out profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects. If we change our practices, we will change this policy and provide you with the right to opt out of such activities as required by the applicable U.S. Privacy Laws, subject to any applicable exceptions. vii. Right to Non-Discrimination You have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment, in a manner prohibited by U.S. Privacy Laws, for the exercise of your privacy rights. viii. Right to Appeal Residents of certain states have the right to appeal a decision regarding a privacy request. You can exercise this right by responding to the email we send containing our response to your request, and following the instructions in such email. As of the Last Updated date, residents of Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia have this right. 3. Additional Notices for California Residents A. Shine the Light Law Under California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents have the right to opt out of disclosing information to third parties for the purpose of allowing such third parties to directly market their products and services. At this time, we do not engage in this type of disclosure. B. California Minors Although our online service(s) are intended for an audience over the age of 18, any California residents under the age of eighteen (18) who have registered to use our online services, and who posted content or information on the service, can request removal by contacting us at privacy@vimeo.com , detailing where the content or information is posted and attesting that you posted it. We will then make reasonably good faith efforts to remove the post from prospective public view or anonymize it, so the minor cannot be individually identified to the extent required by applicable law. This removal process cannot ensure complete or comprehensive removal. For instance, third parties may have republished or archived content by search engines and others that we do not control. 4. Additional Notices for Nevada Residents Nevada residents have the right to opt out of the sale of certain "covered information" collected by operators of websites or online services. We currently do not sell covered information, as "sale" is defined by such law, and we don't have plans to sell this information. However, if you would like to opt out of the future sale of personal information covered by the Act, you can provide us with your name and email address here . You are responsible for updating any change in your email address by the same method and we are not obligated to cross-reference other emails you may have otherwise provided us for other purposes. We will maintain this information and contact you if our plans change. At that time, we will create a process for verifying your identity and providing an opportunity to verified consumers to complete their opt-out. 5. Contact Us If you have any questions about Vimeo’s Privacy Policy , this Notice or practices described in it, you may contact us at: Vimeo.com, Inc. Attention: Data Protection Officer 330 West 34th Street, 10th Floor New York, New York 10001 privacy@vimeo.com Use cases Product Resources Apps Vimeo © 2023 Vimeo.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Language: English Mature content filter: Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be disabled. You may be able to configure your Internet browser to block strictly necessary cookies. However, if you block cookies in this category, which do not collect or store any personal information, this could affect some parts of the website and cause it to function incorrectly. Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits, identify traffic sources and understand how our services are used to measure and improve performance. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you visited our site and we will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies These cookies improve functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by other third-party providers whose services we add to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all of these additional functions may not work properly. Targeting Cookies Our advertising partners may set these cookies on our site. They can be used to show you our ads on third-party sites, measure the effectiveness of those ads, or prevent ads from being shown to you. They do not store personal information directly, but rather uniquely identify your browser and device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will not receive targeted advertising.Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelVimeo Privacy Policy Last Updated: June 30, 2023 This Privacy Policy explains the information that Vimeo collects when you use its products and services, how that information is used, with whom it may be shared, and your privacy choices. 1. Introduction Who we are and what we do This Privacy Policy covers Vimeo.com, Inc. (collectively, “Vimeo,” “we” “us” or “our”). We provide online video hosting, sharing and related services through our owned-and-operated websites, including Vimeo.com and Livestream.com, our branded applications for mobile and connected devices, and our embeddable video players (collectively, the “services”). Acceptance and Changes By registering for, downloading, or using our services, you accept this Privacy Policy, which is part of our Terms of Service . We may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will post any modified version of our Privacy Policy at https://vimeo.com/privacy . If we change the Privacy Policy in a way that materially lessens our commitments to you, we will provide notice to registered users by email or other methods. 2. Children's Privacy We do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals who are under the minimum required ages specified herein. You must be at least 16 years old or the age of majority in your jurisdiction, whichever is greater, to use our services. Individuals under the applicable age may use our services only through a parent or legal guardian's account and with their involvement. If you are a parent or legal guardian who believes your child has provided personal information to Vimeo without your consent, you may ask us to delete such information by contacting us at privacy@vimeo.com . 3. Data We Collect About You We collect information about you when you use our services. In addition, third parties may collect information about you when you use our services. Collected information may include or reflect personal information that could identify you, as well as non-personal information. We refer to your information as "your data" for short. Account Information To create an account, you must provide a valid email address and password. If you choose to sign-up and/or authenticate using a third-party account (e.g., Facebook, Google), you authorize us to obtain account information from the third-party platform. Financial Information To make a purchase, you may need to provide a valid payment method (e.g., credit card or PayPal account). Your payment information will be collected and processed by our authorized payment vendors. We do not directly collect or store credit or debit card numbers ourselves in the ordinary course of processing transactions. If we allow purchase through a third-party platform (i.e. in-app purchase), the payment method stored with the third-party platform will be charged. If you wish to sell items or earn money from advertising through our services, you must provide an account to receive funds and tax information, which may include your name, address, and taxpayer identification number. Content You Submit You may upload and create content such as videos, text, photographs, and artwork. Your account profile may display information about you and your activities. This information may be accessed by others. Your videos may be viewed and otherwise accessed by others, and associated metadata (e.g., titles, closed captions, descriptions, tags, etc.) may be viewable by others. You may choose to limit the availability of your profile and videos. For more details, see Section 9 . Your interactions during events such as live streams and webinars, or with other users (e.g., comments, "likes," poll responses) may be seen by others. Capture Forms You may submit information through a capture form set up by a video owner or webinar host. This information will be received by both Vimeo and the video owner and is subject to both Vimeo's Privacy Policy as well as the video owner's privacy policy. Except where Vimeo is the video owner, Vimeo will not use any information you submit through such forms for direct marketing purposes. Other Information You May Submit You may submit data to us for limited purposes such as requesting customer support; participating in a study or survey; entering contests or sweepstakes; applying for a job; or signing up to receive communications from us or another user. Automatically-Collected Information We automatically collect certain types of data when you use our services, regardless of whether you have an account. This data includes your IP address, technical information about your device (e.g., browser type, operating system, basic device information), the web page you visited or search query you entered before reaching us, and your activities. We may track your activities using cookies and similar technologies. By using our services, you agree to our use of these methods as set forth in our Cookie Policy .Physical Products We collect your shipping address to send you products you have ordered. Information Collected by Third Parties Some third parties may collect data about you when you use our services. This may include data you submit (such as payment information) or automatically-collected information (in the case of third-party analytics providers and advertising partners). We may obtain data from third parties about you. We may combine that data with information that we have collected. For example, some advertisers or advertising platforms may allow us to determine what other online services you might use so that we may place relevant ads on those services. 4. How We Use Your Data We may use your data for the following purposes: Identification and authentication: We use your data to verify you when you access your account. Operating our services: We use your data to provide our services, process and fulfill orders, provide customer support, and to otherwise comply with our contractual obligations to you. We (and/or our third-party vendors) use your financial information to process purchases made by you and to pay you amounts you have earned. Communicating with you: We use your data when we communicate with you (e.g., when we respond to a customer support or other inquiry). Improving our services: We use your data to understand how our services are being used and how we can improve them. In general, we analyze aggregated data, rather than specific user data. We may, however, need to analyze a specific case to address a specific problem (e.g., a bug that affects only a few accounts). Customizing your experience: We use your data to personalize the service to you. This may include remembering your preferences for language or volume or displaying videos that you might enjoy, based upon your viewing choices. Marketing and advertising: We use your data to show you ads on third-party sites, and to measure the effectiveness of those ads. Exercising our rights: Where reasonably necessary, we use your data to exercise our legal rights and prevent abuse of our service. For example, we may use your data to detect and prevent fraud, spam, or content that violates our Terms of Service. Legal compliance: We use your data where we are legally required to do so. For example, we may need to gather your data to respond to a subpoena or court order. Protecting your information: Where appropriate, we may anonymize, backup, and delete certain data. We may use algorithms and other automated means to implement any of the above. Whenever we process your data for one of these purposes, we have determined that one or more of the following lawful bases apply: Performance of a contract;Legitimate commercial interest;Compliance with a legal obligation; orConsent If you require further information about the balancing test that Vimeo has undertaken to justify its reliance on legitimate interest as a lawful basis of processing, see Section 15 for information on how to contact us. 5. With Whom We Share Your Data We share data with third parties as follows: As you instruct: We may make your profile and videos available to others as you instruct in using our services. We may share your data with persons to whom you have granted account-level access. With your consent: We may share your data with third parties where we have obtained your express consent to do so. Authorized vendors: We may share your data with third-party vendors that help us operate our services, process orders, and comply with your instructions and our contractual obligations. This includes payment processors, content delivery networks (CDNs), cloud-based hosting services, monitoring services, email service providers, quality assurance and testing vendors, fraud and abuse prevention vendors, customer relations management (CRM) vendors, and shipment vendors. Advertising: We may share your data with advertising companies to display relevant ads to you, and to measure the effectiveness of those ads. Analytics: We may share your data with analytics providers which help us understand how customers are using our services. We may also share identifying analytics information with the hosts of webinars you attend, or users of your organization-administered account (see below for more details). Affiliates and advisors: We may share your data with our auditors and advisors for planning, financial reporting, accounting, auditing, tax filings, and legal compliance. We may share your data with our affiliates to the extent necessary to provide you with the services ordered. Certain legal situations: We may share your data where we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with a legal obligation or in connection with a corporate transaction as discussed in Section 6. Aggregated or anonymized information: We may publicly disclose non-personal aggregated or anonymized information such as our number of visitors and registered users.We use reasonable efforts to vet vendors for their privacy and data security practices. We require that such vendors agree to protect the data we share. Organization-Administered Accounts You may create a Vimeo account using an email address provided or assigned to you by an organization (such as your work email address). If the organization establishes a direct relationship with us, they may convert your personal account to become part of the organization's account. This means the organization may: Access information about your account activity;Take control of the account, including any content whether uploaded before or after the date that the organization converts your account to the organization's account; and/orDelete your account. If you sign up for a Vimeo account using an email address issued to you by an organization, Vimeo may share your personal information (e.g., name, email address) with such organization. If you do not want an organization to access or otherwise control an account, use a personal email address and do not use an organizational email address when creating an account. 6. Legal and Safety-Related Disclosures We may disclose your data in response to official requests (e.g., court orders, subpoenas, search warrants, national security requests, etc.) ("requests") that we receive from government authorities or parties to legal proceedings. We direct law enforcement agencies to our Law Enforcement Guidelines page. We handle U.S. requests in accordance with U.S. law. If the request originates from a foreign jurisdiction, we will typically disclose information where we in good faith believe that disclosure is permitted by both U.S. law and local law. In all cases, we may raise or waive any legal objection or right available to us, in our sole discretion. We may disclose user data where we reasonably believe that someone's life is at risk. For example, if we become aware of a person threatening to commit suicide, we may share that person's data with appropriate entities that may have the ability to help. We may disclose user data to report suspected crimes. We report content suspected of exploiting minors to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC) along with the data identifying the uploading user. We may disclose user data in situations involving legal claims against us or one of our users. If you submit a Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) or other takedown notice, we may share that notice with the affected user. If you challenge such a notice, we may share your response with the complainant. We may share your data with potential transaction partners, advisors, and others in the event our company is, in whole or part, acquired by a third party. In such case, we will use reasonable efforts to require the acquiring entity to comply with this Privacy Policy. 7. Data Retention We retain your data for as long as you have an account. When you close an account, we will delete its content, including its videos. We may retain logs of automatically collected information (for internal analytics and security purposes); your email address; your tax information; communications with you; and your transactional information (for auditing, tax, and financial purposes). When we no longer have a business reason for retaining data, we will delete or anonymize it. We retain deleted videos on our servers for a short period in case you wish to reverse deletion. Once we delete a video, we may not be able to recover it. If you have previously made a video public, the video or its thumbnail may be discoverable in a search engine's cache for a time. We have no control over search engines; however, we will, upon request, send a request for deletion to major search engines. If we receive legal process pertaining to your account, we will retain your data for as long as we in good faith believe is necessary to comply with the legal process. Similarly, if we believe that your account has been involved in wrongdoing, we may preserve your data to defend or assert our rights. 8. Your Privacy Choices We enable you to make numerous choices about your data: You may choose not to provide us with certain information. For example, you may choose not to create an account or not to provide optional account information.You may change your account and video privacy settings. See Section 9 for more details.You may change or correct information voluntarily submitted to us. We encourage you to keep your data current by viewing your settings page.You may opt out of receiving commercial emails from us. See Section 10 for more details. You may limit the use of cookies. See our Cookie Policy for options.You may backup your videos.You may close your account (which will delete all videos) or delete certain videos. Users in certain jurisdictions may have additional rights. See Section 14 for more details. 9.Account and Video Privacy Settings As part of our services we offer you the ability to limit the distribution of your content, including your videos. This section explains some of your choices. Profile Some of our online subscription plans enable you to "hide" your profile or otherwise make it inaccessible on our website. Your profile will, however, remain accessible to persons who have access to your account or content. Team Members Some of our subscription plans enable you to grant account-level access rights to others. Persons with such access (" Team Members ") may be able to see and potentially alter your data. You may revoke or downgrade Team Member access at any time. Videos We enable you to manage the privacy settings of your videos. On Vimeo.com, for example, your options, which depend on your subscription plan, may include: Public: Your video will be publicly-available. Private: Your video will be available to you and authorized Team Members. Unlisted: Your video will be available to anyone who has the unique URL. Password: Your video may be accessed by anyone who enters the password you have set. You may change a video's privacy settings at any time. Changes will be applied on a go-forward basis. You may create a sharable link to your video for the purpose of sharing your video with others or embedding your video on a third-party website (including your own). Creating such a sharable link will override your privacy settings and will allow anyone who enters the link in a browser to view your video without restriction. Similarly, embedding your video on a publicly-available website will allow the public to view your video regardless of your privacy settings. You should exercise caution in granting access to others (whether through link sharing or passwords). Once you have granted access to someone else, you lose a degree of control over the distribution of your video as those persons may share the password and/or link with other people. Regardless of your profile or video privacy settings, Vimeo reserves the right to inspect them for compliance with its Terms of Service , to provide customer support, or to address technical issues. 10. Communications from Us Emails If you create an account, you may receive commercial emails from us. This includes newsletters and offers. You may always opt out from receiving commercial messages in your account settings. Please note that any opt-out request may take several days to process and you will continue to receive transactional emails from us (e.g., emails confirming transactions and/or providing information about your account). Mobile Device Communications We may, with your consent, send push notifications in our apps. You may disable these by declining them or changing the app's settings. To the extent provided, we may, with your consent, send SMS messages to your mobile telephone for authentication and security purposes. You may opt out of receiving such messages at any time. 11. Protecting Your Information We use physical, technical, and organizational security measures to safeguard your data from unauthorized or accidental disclosure. Despite these efforts, no information system can be 100% secure, so we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information. Users also have a role to play in keeping their data safe. We encourage you to use a unique and hard-to-guess password for your account and to not share it with others. You should only grant access rights to people who you know and trust, and, even then, you should be careful in granting all access rights. You should monitor your account regularly. If you believe that someone has gained access to your account without your permission, please contact us immediately so that we can investigate. 12. Your Responsibilities You may receive other people's data in using our service. If you receive information from other users, you must process that information in compliance with your published privacy policy and all applicable laws, including those concerning privacy, data security, and online marketing. 13. Third-Party Services We may provide access to online services that we do not own or operate via hyperlinks or integrations. These services fall outside of this Privacy Policy and we have no control over the data they collect. Once on a third-party site, your data may be collected by others. We encourage you to read our Third-Part y Service Addendum and the privacy policies of such services before using them. You may use our service through third-party sites. For example, you may watch a video that is embedded on a third-party site or use one of our apps on a third-party platform. This Privacy Policy covers our apps and video players, but does not cover any third-party site or any third-party video player. 14. International Data Transfers and Certain User Rights 14.1 Location of Data Vimeo is based in the United States.We provide services globally using computer systems, servers, and databases located in the U.S. and other countries. When you use our services from outside of the U.S., your information may be transferred to and processed in the U.S.. Please note that U.S. data and privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Residents of certain countries may be subject to additional protections as set forth in Sections 14.2 and 14.3 below. 14.2 GDPR (EEA and UK Users) This Section 14.2 applies only to natural persons residing in the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom (for the purpose of this section only, "you" or "your" shall be limited accordingly). It is Vimeo's policy to comply with the EEA's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). In accordance with the GDPR, we may transfer your personal information from your home country to the U.S. (or other countries) based upon the following legal bases: Legitimate business interests: We could not provide our services or comply with our legal obligations without transferring your personal information to the U.S.Our use of Standard Contractual Clauses (also known as "Model Clauses") where appropriate. You have the right to: opt out of non-essential cookies (see our Cookie Policy ); access, correct, delete, restrict, or object to our use of your personal information; be forgotten; port your data; and withdraw consents. We enable exercise of these rights primarily through our services (which we reserve the right to modify). For example, we allow users to change their information, download their videos, and close their accounts. We also fulfil our obligations in response to direct requests. We will endeavor to process requests within one month. Please note that we may not be able to comply with requests to the extent that they would cause us to violate any law or infringe any other person's rights. We reserve the right to request appropriate identification. We will process requests free of charge unless they would impose an unreasonable cost on us. If you have a request, complaint or inquiry, please contact our Data Protection Officer at the address listed in Section 15 . We are committed to working with you to obtain a fair resolution of any issue. You also have the right to file a complaint with the supervisory data protection authority of your jurisdiction. 14.3 U.S. State Privacy Disclosures and Consumer Rights Additional details about Vimeo’s data collection, use, and third-party disclosures can be found in our U.S. State Privacy Notice . 15. How to Contact Us For any questions, inquiries, or complaints relating to your privacy, please contact us at: Vimeo.com, Inc. Attention: Data Protection Officer 330 West 34th Street, 5th Floor New York, New York 10001 Privacy@vimeo.com Alternatively, if you are in the UK or EU/EEA and would like to exercise your rights or have questions about our processing of personal data, you may contact our local representative for EU/EEA or the UK. For the EU/EEA: RA Robert Niedermeier, DATA BUSINESS SERVICES GmbH & CO KG-Germany, Noerdliche Muenchner Str 47, 82031 Gruenwald/Munich, Germany ; or by email at niedermeier@db5.io . For the UK: RA Robert Niedermeier, DATA BUSINESS SERVICES GmbH & CO KG-UK, Golden Cross House, 8 Duncannon Street, Greater London WC2N4JF, London, England ; or by email at niedermeier@db5.io . Use cases Product Resources Apps Vimeo © 2023 Vimeo.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Language: English Mature content filter: Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be disabled. You may be able to configure your Internet browser to block strictly necessary cookies. However, if you block cookies in this category, which do not collect or store any personal information, this could affect some parts of the website and cause it to function incorrectly. Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits, identify traffic sources and understand how our services are used to measure and improve performance. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you visited our site and we will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies These cookies improve functionality and personalization. They may be set by us or by other third-party providers whose services we add to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, some or all of these additional functions may not work properly. Targeting Cookies Our advertising partners may set these cookies on our site. They can be used to show you our ads on third-party sites, measure the effectiveness of those ads, or prevent ads from being shown to you. They do not store personal information directly, but rather uniquely identify your browser and device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will not receive targeted advertising.Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label