GDPR Policy Privacy VIRTUAL1 GENERAL DATA PROTECTION POLICY Virtual1 Limited (‘Virtual1’, ‘we’, or ‘our’) sets out below its policy in relation to the general data protection regulations ((EU) 2016/679) which take effect as from and including 25th May 2018. criminal records information - means personal information relating to criminal convictions and offences, allegations, proceedings, and related security measures; data breach - means a breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, personal information; data subject - means the individual to whom the personal information relates; personal information - (sometimes known as personal data) means information relating to an individual who can be identified (directly or indirectly) from that information; processing information - means obtaining, recording, organising, storing, amending, retrieving, disclosing and/or destroying information, or using or doing anything with it; Pseudonymised - means the process by which personal information is processed in such a way that it cannot be used to identify an individual without the use of additional information, which is kept separately and subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal information cannot be attributed to an identifiable individual; sensitive personal information - (sometimes known as ‘special categories of personal data’ or ‘sensitive personal data’) means personal information about an individual’s race, ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership (or non-membership), genetics information, biometric information (where used to identify an individual) and information concerning an individual’s health, sex life or sexual orientation. 1 Data protection principles 1.1 Virtual1 will comply with the following data protection principles when processing personal information: 1.1.1 we will process personal information lawfully, fairly and in a transparent manner; 1.1.2 we will collect personal information for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes only, and will not process it in a way that is incompatible with those legitimate purposes; 1.1.3 we will only process the personal information that is adequate, relevant and necessary for the relevant purposes; 1.1.4 we will keep accurate and up to date personal information, and take reasonable steps to ensure that inaccurate personal information is deleted or corrected without delay; 1.1.5 we will keep personal information for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the information is processed; and 1.1.6 we will take appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure that personal information is kept secure and protected against unauthorised or unlawful processing, and against accidental loss, destruction or damage. 2 Basis for processing personal information 2.1 In relation to any processing activity Virtual1 will, before the processing starts for the first time, and then regularly while it continues: 2.1.1 review the purposes of the particular processing activity, and select the most appropriate lawful basis (or bases) for that processing, i.e.: (a) that the data subject has consented to the processing; (b) that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract; (c) that the processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which Virtual1is subject; (d) that the processing is necessary for the purposes of legitimate interests of Virtual1or a third party, except where those interests are overridden by the interests of fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject—see paragraph 2.2 below. 2.1.2 except where the processing is based on consent, satisfy ourselves that the processing is necessary for the purpose of the relevant lawful basis (i.e. that there is no other reasonable way to achieve that purpose); 2.1.3 document our decision as to which lawful basis applies, to help demonstrate our compliance with the data protection principles; 2.1.4 include information about both the purposes of the processing and the lawful basis for it in our relevant privacy notice(s). 2.2 When determining whether Virtual1’s legitimate interests are the most appropriate basis for lawful processing, we will: 2.2.1 conduct a legitimate interests’ assessment (‘LIA’) and keep a record of it, to ensure that we can justify our decision; 2.2.2 if the LIA identifies a significant privacy impact, consider whether we also need to conduct a data protection impact assessment (‘DPIA’); 2.2.3 keep the LIA under review, and repeat it if circumstances change; and 2.2.4 include information about our legitimate interests in our relevant privacy notice(s).2.3 If we process sensitive personal information or criminal records information, we will keep written records of: 2.3.1 the relevant purpose(s) for which the processing takes place, including (where required) why it is necessary for that purpose; 2.3.2 the lawful basis for our processing; and 2.3.3 whether we retain and erase the personal information in accordance with our policy document and, if not, the reasons for not following our policy. 2.4 We will conduct regular reviews of the personal information we process and update our documentation accordingly. This may include: 2.4.1 carrying out information audits to find out what personal information Virtual1 holds; 2.4.2 distributing questionnaires and talking to staff across Virtual1 to get a more complete picture of our processing activities; and 2.4.3 reviewing our policies, procedures, contracts and agreements to address areas such as retention, security and data sharing. 3 Privacy notice 3.1 Virtual1 will issue privacy notices from time to time, informing you about the personal information that we collect and hold relating to you, how you can expect your personal information to be used and for what purposes. 3.2 We will take appropriate measures to provide information in privacy notices in a concise, transparent, intelligible and easily accessible form, using clear and plain language. 3.3 You should contact Legal Counsel at GDPR@Virtual1.com if you are concerned or suspect that one of the following has taken place (or is taking place or likely to take place): 3.3.1 processing of personal data without a lawful basis for its processing or; 3.3.2 any data breach as set out in paragraph 6.1 below; 3.3.3 access to personal information without the proper authorisation; 3.3.4 personal information not kept or deleted securely; 3.3.5 removal of personal information, or devices containing personal information (or which can be used to access it), from Virtual1’s premises without appropriate security measures being in place; 3.3.6 any other breach of this policy or of any of the data protection principles set out in paragraph 1.1 above. 4 Information security 4.1 Virtual1 will use appropriate technical and organisational measures in accordance with our policies to keep personal information secure, and in particular to protect against unauthorised or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage. These may include: 4.1.1 making sure that, where possible, personal information is pseudonymised or encrypted; 4.1.2 ensuring the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of processing systems and services; 4.1.3 ensuring that, in the event of a physical or technical incident, availability and access to personal information can be restored in a timely manner; and 4.1.4 a process for regularly testing, assessing and evaluating the effectiveness of technical and organisational measures for ensuring the security of the processing. 4.2 Where Virtual1 uses external organisations to process personal information on its behalf, we shall have a written contract with those external organisations with appropriate terms. 5 Storage and retention of personal information 5.1 Personal information (and sensitive personal information) will be kept securely in accordance with Virtual1’s information security policy. 5.2 Personal information should not be retained for any longer than necessary. The length of time over which data should be retained will depend upon the circumstances, including the reasons why the personal information was obtained. 5.3 Personal information that is no longer required will be deleted permanently from our information systems and any hard copies will be destroyed securely. 6 Data breaches 6.1 A data breach may take many different forms, for example: 6.1.1 loss or theft of data or equipment on which personal information is stored; 6.1.2 unauthorised access to or use of personal information either by a member of staff or third party; 6.1.3 loss of data resulting from an equipment or systems (including hardware and software) failure; 6.1.4 human error, such as accidental deletion or alteration of data; 6.1.5 unforeseen circumstances, such as a fire or flood; 6.1.6 deliberate attacks on IT systems, such as hacking, viruses or phishing scams; and 6.1.7 ‘blagging’ offences, where information is obtained by deceiving the organisation which holds it. 6.2 Virtual1 will: 6.2.1 make the required report of a data breach to the Information Commissioner’s Office without undue delay and, where possible within 72 hours of becoming aware of it, if it is likely to result in a risk to the rights and freedoms of individuals; and 6.2.2 notify the affected individuals if a data breach is likely to result in a high risk to their rights and freedoms and notification is required by law.7 International transfers 7.1 Virtual1 may transfer personal information outside the European Economic Area (EEA) (which comprises the countries in the USA and Macedonia on the basis that those companies have an adequate level of protection and safeguards, that they may have binding corporate rules or may be compliant with an approved code of conduct and have agreed to standard data protection clauses. 8 Training Virtual1 will ensure that staff are adequately trained regarding their data protection responsibilities. Individuals whose roles require regular access to personal information, or who are responsible for implementing this policy or responding to subject access requests under this policy, will receive additional training to help them understand their duties and how to comply with them. 9 Consequences of failing to comply 9.1 Virtual1 takes compliance with this policy very seriously. Failure to comply with the policy: 9.1.1 puts at risk the individuals whose personal information is being processed; and 9.1.2 carries the risk of significant civil and criminal sanctions for the individual and Virtual1; and 9.1.3 may, in some circumstances, amount to a criminal offence by the individual. 9.2 Because of the importance of this policy, an employee’s failure to comply with any requirement of it may lead to disciplinary action under our procedures, and this action may result in dismissal for gross misconduct. If a non-employee breaches this policy, they may have their contract terminated with immediate effect. If you have any questions or concerns about anything in this policy, do not hesitate to contact Virtual1 at GDPR@Virtual1.com. The UK's most advanced network just got 10x bigger. The same cloud and connectivity services you know and love, with world-class automation and control. Now covering 95% of the UK's population . Contact your Account Manager Want To Find Out More? Get In Touch 6th Floor Alphabeta 14-18 Finsbury Square London, EC2A 1BR © 2023 Virtual1 © 2023 Virtual1Privacy Policy Introduction Welcome to the VIRTUAL1 Limited’s privacy notice (collectively referred to as ( ”Virtual1”), “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice). VIRTUAL1 Limited respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you. This privacy notice is provided in a layered format so you can click through to the specific areas set out below. Please also use the Glossary, below in section, 10 to understand the meaning of some of the terms used in this privacy notice. IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS DATA SECURITY DATA RETENTION YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS GLOSSARY 1. IMPORTANT INFORMATION AND WHO WE ARE This privacy notice aims to give you information on how VIRTUAL1 collects and processes your personal data through your use of this website, including any data you may provide through this website when you sign up to our website, purchase a product or service. This website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children. It is important that you read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. This privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them. CONTROLLER VIRTUAL1 is the processor and responsible for the processing of your personal data. In certain circumstances, we may act as a controller with our contractors when we handle your personal data in order to provide services to you. We have appointed a data privacy manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy notice. If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise, please contact the data privacy manager using the details set out below. CONTACT DETAILS Our full details are: Full name of legal entity: Virtual1 Limited Name or title of privacy manager: Sharon McDermott Email address: GDPR@Virtual1.com Postal address: 6th Floor Alphabeta, 14-18 Finsbury Square, London, England, EC2A 1BR Telephone number: 07985803632 or +44 (0)203 697 5194 You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO), the UK supervisory authority for data protection issues ( www.ico.org.uk ). We would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO so please contact us in the first instance. CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY NOTICE AND YOUR DUTY TO INFORM US OF CHANGES This version was last updated on 21 th May 2018. The data protection law in the UK will change on 25th May 2018. Although this privacy notice sets out most of your rights under the new laws, we may not yet be able to respond to some of your requests (for example, a request for the transfer of your personal data) until 25 th May 2018 as we are still working towards getting our systems ready for some of these changes. It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us. THIRD-PARTY LINKS This website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit. 2. THE DATA WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data). We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together follows: Identity Data includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender. Contact Data includes billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers. Financial Data includes bank account and payment card details. Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us.Technical Data includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website. Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your preferences, feedback and survey responses. Usage Data includes information about how you use our website, products and services. Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.We also collect, use and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences. IF YOU FAIL TO PROVIDE PERSONAL DATA Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). In this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us but we will notify you if this is the case at the time. 3. HOW IS YOUR PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED? We use different methods to collect data from and about you including through: Direct interactions. You may give us your Identity, Contact and Financial Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:quote for our products or services;create an account on our websitesubscribe to our service or publications;request marketing to be sent to you;enter a promotion or survey; orgive us some feedback. Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our website, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our cookie policy http://www.virtual1.com/cookie-policy for further details. Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:Technical Data from the following parties:analytics providers such as Google based outside the EU and Salesforce;advertising networks such as Google, LinkedIn and Twitter based outside the EU; andsearch information providers such as Google and Microsoft based outside the EU.Identity and Contact Data from data brokers or aggregators Identity and Contact Data from publicly availably sources such as Companies House and the Electoral Register based inside the EU. 4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances: Where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation. Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by Contacting us . PURPOSES FOR WHICH WE WILL USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate. Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data.Please Contact us if you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below. MARKETING We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. We have established a privacy centre where you can view and make certain decisions about your personal data use https://www2.virtual1.com/EmailPreferences PROMOTIONAL OFFERS FROM US We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage and Profile Data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing). You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us or if you provided us with your details when you registered for a promotion and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing. THIRD-PARTY MARKETING We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside the VIRTUAL1 group of companies for marketing purposes. OPTING OUT You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time on any of our communications by accessing the email preference centre located in the footer of all corporate communications: https://www2.virtual1.com/EmailPreferences Here you can check or uncheck relevant boxes to adjust your marketing preferences or by Contacting us at any time. Where you opt out of receiving marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us as a result of a product/service purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience or other transactions, and you will continue to receive service affecting communications (such as planned works or provisioning freeze). COOKIES You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see http://www.virtual1.com/cookie-policy . CHANGE OF PURPOSE We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please Contact us . If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so. Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law. 5. DISCLOSURES OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 4 above. External Third Parties as set out in below.Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice. We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions. 6. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS We may share your personal data with Salesforce and EuroBP. This will involve transferring your data outside the European Economic Area ( EEA ).] Whenever we transfer your personal data out of the EEA, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented: We will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the European Commission. For further details, see European Commission: Adequacy of the protection of personal data in non-EU countries Where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe.For further details, see European Commission: Model contracts for the transfer of personal data to third countries Where we use providers based in the US, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the Privacy Shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between the Europe and the US. For further details, see European Commission: EU-US Privacy Shield Please Contact us if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the EEA. 7. DATA SECURITY We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so. 8. DATA RETENTION HOW LONG WILL YOU USE MY PERSONAL DATA FOR? We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for seven (7) years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.] In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see Request erasure below for further information. In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you. 9. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. Please click on the links below to find out more about these rights: Request access to your personal data . Request correction of your personal data . Request erasure of your personal data . Object to processing of your personal data . Request restriction of processing your personal data . Request transfer of your personal data . Right to withdraw consent . If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us at GDPR@Virtual1.com. NO FEE IS USUALLY REQUIRED. You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances. WHAT WE MAY NEED FROM YOU We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response. TIME LIMIT TO RESPOND We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated. 10. GLOSSARY LAWFUL BASIS Legitimate Interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by Contacting us Performance of Contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract. Comply with a legal or regulatory obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to. THIRD PARTIES EXTERNAL THIRD PARTIES Service providers acting as processors based in the United Kingdom, Macedonia and USA who provide IT and system administration services.Professional advisers acting as processors or joint controllers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers based United Kingdom who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities acting as processors or joint controllers based in the United Kingdom. YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS You have the right to: Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it. Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us. Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request. Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms. Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it. Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you. Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent. The UK's most advanced network just got 10x bigger. The same cloud and connectivity services you know and love, with world-class automation and control. Now covering 95% of the UK's population . Contact your Account Manager Want To Find Out More? Get In Touch 6th Floor Alphabeta 14-18 Finsbury Square London, EC2A 1BR © 2023 Virtual1 © 2023 Virtual1