Ads & Privacy FAQ CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS What are my rights as a California resident? California law provides California residents with numerous rights, including the right to access or delete your personal information and to opt out of the sale of your personal information. For a full summary of those rights, please see our Privacy Policy Addendum for California Residents . How can I exercise my rights as a California resident? Please see our Privacy Policy Addendum for California Residents to learn how you can exercise the rights that are available to you as a California resident. VIRGINIA RESIDENTS What are my rights as a Virginia resident? Virginia law provides Virginia residents with numerous rights, including the right to access, correct or delete your personal information and to opt out of the sale of your personal information. For a full summary of those rights, please see our Privacy Policy Addendum for Virginia Residents . How can I exercise my rights as a Virginia resident? Please see our Privacy Policy Addendum for Virginia Residents to learn how you can exercise the rights that are available to you as a Virginia resident. VIEWING DATA What is Viewing Data? When you first set up your device, you are given the option to allow VIZIO to use its automated content recognition (ACR) technology, that (when enabled) uses video and audio data to recognize what is playing on the TV and send information back to VIZIO about what is showing (“Viewing Data”). Please see our Viewing Data Supplement for a full description of how this information is collected and shared. How do I opt in or opt out of the Viewing Data program? If you have opted into VIZIO’s Viewing Data on your device, you may opt out at any time in the Settings menu of your VIZIO unit. AD REPLACEMENT Why does my VIZIO TV keep displaying a notice about Ad Replacement? The purpose of the notice is to inform you that your SmartCast TV is equipped with Ad Replacement technology, also known as Dynamic Ad Insertion ("DAI"), that enables broadcasters, programmers, and advertisers to dynamically insert tailored ads into linear TV (broadcasting) content received via cable, satellite and/or set-top boxes. What is Ad Replacement? Ad Replacement is a new privacy control that allows users to determine whether they would like to receive tailored ads on your SmartCast TV for linear programming (broadcasting) content via cable, satellite and set-top boxes is showing. This means that when Ad Replacement is enabled, people watching the same programming on different VIZIO SmartCast TVs may see different ads. How does Ad Replacement work? Ad Replacement technology, also known as Dynamic Ad Insertion (“DAI”), allows broadcasters, programmers, and advertisers to replace generic ads with tailored ads while you are watching linear programming (broadcasting). Ad Replacement is for linear programming and ONLY works if Ad Replacement is enabled. What happens when Ad Replacement is enabled? When Ad Replacement is ON, broadcasters, programmers and advertisers may replace generic ads with tailored ads while you are watching linear programming (broadcasting). This means that when Ad Replacement is enabled, people watching the same programming on different VIZIO SmartCast TVs may see different ads. What happens if Ad Replacement is disabled ? When Ad Replacement is OFF, the VIZIO SmartCast TV will show generic ads when you are viewing linear programming via cable, satellite, and set-top boxes. You will still see ads, but the ads will not be tailored. How do I turn on/off Ad Replacement ? You can toggle Ad Replacement on or off in the Settings menu of your VIZIO unit. SmartCast TVs after 2020 : Menu > Admin & Privacy > Advertising > Ad Replacement SmartCast TVs before 2020 : Menu > System > Reset & Admin > Advertising > Ad Replacement LIMITED AD TRACKING What is Limited Ad Tracking? To provide you with the best advertising experience, VIZIO’s advertising platform can serve tailored ads to your VIZIO SmartCast TV. If you would like to opt-out of these tailored ads, you can choose to turn ON the Limit Ad Tracking setting on your SmartCast TV. What happens if “Limit Ad Tracking” is in the ON position? VIZIO’s advertising platform will not serve tailored ads to your SmartCast TV. You will still see advertisements when you use SmartCast Home or stream apps, but they may be less relevant to you. Please note that VIZIO only controls the ads served by its platform. You may still receive tailored ads from other application partners based on your relationship with those various application partners (i.e., Hulu, Youtube TV, etc.). What happens if “Limit Ad Tracking” is in the OFF position? VIZIO’s advertising platform will serve tailored ads to your SmartCast TV. How can I Limit Ad Tracking? You can toggle on/off Limit Ad Tracking in the Settings menu on your VIZIO SmartCast TV.SmartCast TVs after 2020 : Menu > Admin & Privacy > Advertising > Limited Ad Tracking SmartCast TVs before 2020 : Menu > System > Reset & Admin > Advertising > Limited Ad Tracking RESET TV AD ID What is TV Ad ID? Like the Ad ID on your smart phone, this television comes with a unique identifier called TV Ad ID. The TV Ad ID helps advertisers serve advertisements on your TV. What happens if I reset my TV Ad ID ? If you reset the TV Ad ID on your Smart TV, the current TV Ad ID will be replaced with a new one. The old TV Ad ID will no longer be linked to your VIZIO Smart TV, so any data collected and associated with the previous TV Ad ID will no longer be used to deliver tailored ads to your VIZIO Smart TV. Will I still receive tailored ads if I reset my TV Ad ID ? Yes, but the ads will not be tailored based on data collected and associated with your TV before you reset the TV Ad ID. Ads will be tailored based on data collected after you rest the TV Ad ID. How can I Reset My TV Ad ID ? You can reset your TV Ad ID in the Settings menu on your VIZIO Smart TV. SmartCast TVs after 2020 : Menu > Admin & Privacy > Advertising > Limited Ad Tracking SmartCast TVs before 2020 : Menu > System > Reset & Admin > Advertising > Limited Ad Tracking Stay updated on the latest from VIZIO. Email address Sign up for VIZIO Texts. Text STREAM to VIZIO (84946) to sign up.Text HELP to VIZIO (84946) for help.Text STOP to VIZIO (84946) to unsubscribe. Message frequency varies. Message and data rates may apply. Full terms and conditions can be found here. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy © 2023 VIZIO, Inc. All rights reserved. DO NOT SELL/SHARE: DEVICE DATADO NOT SELL/SHARE: VIZIOWEBSITE DATAStrictly Necessary Cookies DO NOT SELL/SHARE: DEVICE DATA Viewing Data Some VIZIO units are equipped with automatic content recognition (ACR) technology which collects information about the programs or ads being watched ("Viewing Data"). Users must affirmatively consent to activation of this technology, during Set Up or via the Settings. For a more information about this program, please refer to VIZIO's Viewing Data Supplement . No Viewing Data is collected (or therefore disclosed to third parties) unless the user has opted in. To end collection of Viewing Data, use your remote to navigate to the Viewing Data toggle on your TV. Step by step instructions are as follows: SmartCast TVs before 2020 : Menu > System > Reset & Admin > Viewing Data SmartCast TVs after 2020 : Menu > Admin & Privacy > Viewing Data. Step by step instructions for opting out of Viewing Data collection are available HERE . Ad Settings VIZIO’s advertising platform can serve tailored ads to your VIZIO SmartCast TV. If you would like to opt-out of these tailored ads, you can choose to turn ON the Limit Ad Tracking setting on your SmartCast TV. For detailed instructions about these settings please visit: HERE . DO NOT SELL/SHARE: VIZIOWEBSITE DATA DO NOT SELL/SHARE: VIZIOWEBSITE DATA To OPT-OUT of Sale/Sharing for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising: Toggle switch to OFF and select "Confirm My Do Not Sell/Share Choice" When you visit this website, cookies may be placed on your device via your browser to collect information which might relate to you, your preferences, or your device, and they are mostly used to make our website work as you expect it to and to provide a more personalized web experience. For more information about these technologies, please see our Privacy Policy . VIZIO provides you with the right to opt-out of the “sale” of your personal information, as well as the sharing of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising. This website uses some cookies which disclose information to third parties for analytics and targeted ad purposes in ways that would be deemed a sale or sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising under applicable laws. You may exercise your right to opt out of these activities on this website by using this toggle switch. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences.If you have any other questions regarding our privacy practices, please refer to our Privacy Policy , including our state-specific privacy disclosures, as applicable. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site may not then work. Back Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label DO NOT SELL/SHARE: DEVICE DATA [`dialog closed`]VIEWING DATA SUPPLEMENT TO THE PRIVACY POLICY Viewing Data -- Overview Like many internet-connected TVs, VIZIO Smart TVs or other display units are equipped with Automated Content Recognition (ACR) technology that (when enabled) is able to use video and audio data to recognize what is playing on the TV and send information back to VIZIO about what is showing (“Viewing Data”). This feature was formerly called “Smart Interactivity,” but we are referring to the feature in our policies and settings today and in the future as “VIEWING DATA.” At any time, you may change your Viewing Data settings within the Settings menu of your VIZIO TV or display. Turning it off will not affect the performance of your VIZIO TV or display or any online services.Prior to collecting Viewing Data, each unit will receive (i) a notification, explaining the nature and purpose of the feature, separate and apart from this Privacy Policy and (ii) an opportunity to choose whether to turn on Viewing Data. Viewing Data will only be collected from units that choose to “ACCEPT” to collection and use of Viewing Data . Thereafter, at that time, and any time after, you will have the option to change the setting for the ACR feature/Viewing Data collection off or on. Disabling Viewing Data will not, however, affect or limit Activity Data collection through the SmartCast Product. Please review the Privacy Policy for further information. This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time as new features and functionality become available. What is Viewing Data? For VIZIO devices that have agreed to Viewing Data collection, VIZIO will use ACR technology to collect information about the audio and video programming content playing on the display unit including broadcast television, advertisements and other commercially available content (including volume, channel information, picture controls, and inputs), and other information, like when the device is off/on or if the content was viewed live or at a later time. VIZIO will also collect the identity of an Over the Top (OTT) device and third party services or applications, such as streaming service providers, (including stream and launch events for movies, TV shows, episodes and channels) that you connect to. Video and audio analysis and data collection using ACR is referred to as “Viewing Data.” Viewing Data is associated with the IP address for the unit and a unique device number we assign. However, VIZIO will combine and associated your Viewing Data with your myVIZIO account name if you create such an account or link to it to provide you with a more personalized experience on your SmartCast TV or display. The ACR software also periodically collects other information about the TV or display, including IP address and the media access control (“MAC”) addresses of available access points. Viewing Data is maintained and used in an unidentified format, and VIZIO does not attempt to re-identify the data to associate it with individual customers and prohibits its authorized data partners from attempting to do so as well. At any time you may turn this ACR functionality on or off from the Settings menu of your VIZIO TV or display. Turning it off will not affect the performance of your VIZIO TV or display or any online services. For specific instructions on how to turn off or on the ACR feature that collects Viewing Data, see the text below under the heading “How you can control the collection of Viewing Data." How Is Viewing Data Used and Shared? VIZIO associates Viewing Data with other data about the performance, settings, or features of particular VIZIO devices to support services and to help marketers deliver more relevant advertising. Our authorized cloud service providers, may store this data solely on our behalf and for no other purposes. We may share Viewing Data with vendors, consultants and service providers who work on our behalf and make our business-to-business activities in digital advertising possible. VIZIO also licenses Viewing Data to analytics companies, media companies, advertisers, ad agencies, and other ad technology companies who measure ad effectiveness or aid personalization of ads, through written agreements which strictly prohibit attempts at identification or re-identification of shared information. Viewing Data is used for the purposes listed below: Summary Analytics and Reports. VIZIO’s select data partners may analyze Viewing Data in order to create summary reports and analysis to help deliver relevant information and advertising to interested groups of customers. These summary reports are built from automated analysis of data elements, without connecting the information to any known natural person. For example, a data partner who is an advertiser may want to measure the effectiveness of their promotions, in the aggregate.Thus, the data partner may identify another device that shares an IP address with the VIZIO TV or display and analyze: (a) whether a particular website was viewed or commercial location was visited by a device with location tracking enabled (e.g., a smartphone) after a related promotion was viewed, and (b) whether a particular program was viewed following exposure to a promotion for that program. In addition, some data partners are authorized to use a third-party data aggregator to identify demographic traits (such as gender or age range or income range) associated with the IP addresses that VIZIO collects, and then send to the data partners the demographic information associated with those IP addresses. Audience Measurement. VIZIO and these select data partners also use Viewing Data to understand what customers watch in order to deliver more relevant content and advertising, for example, by determining which programs are most popular, how many people watch a program to its conclusion, and whether and how often people are watching commercials. VIZIO and these select data partners may also combine Viewing Data with other demographic and similar information, including by working with data aggregators. Tailored Advertisements. VIZIO also licenses Viewing Data to select data partners for the purpose of targeting advertising to other digital devices that share the IP address of VIZIO TVs, based on viewing history collected from that TV. VIZIO or its data partners are sometimes authorized to enhance Viewing Data with household demographic data and data about digital actions (e.g. digital purchases, location, and other consumer behavior taken by devices associated with the IP Address we collect), for the purpose of delivering advertising that are likely to be useful or timely, including during broadcast, cable, satellite, or internet based television programming. VIZIO does not permit data partners to combine or associate the Viewing Data with Personal Information. VIZIO may combine information (including Activity Data or Viewing Data) collected with other information so that VIZIO can provide, market, and improve VIZIO’s products and services – such as by enhancing popular product functionality and by modifying services to better meet VIZIO’s customers’ needs. VIZIO may also match your data with VIZIO’s partners’ data to help market VIZIO’s products or services to you and provide advertising tailored to your individual interests based on how you browse and shop online. REMINDER: You always have the option to control the collection of Viewing Data in your TV or display’s Settings menu. Viewing Data collection is only enabled if a user AGREES to this collection. However, for a period of time you may continue to see tailored ads on other devices that were targeted on the basis of Viewing Data that was shared before you turned off collection. Disabling the Video ACR (Viewing Data) feature in the Settings Menu will not, however, affect or limit Activity Data collection through SmartCast Products, which is used to personalize and recommend content within the SmartCast Product or SmartCast Mobile App. If you intend to sell or otherwise give away your VIZIO TV or display, you should perform a “factory reset.” How Does VIZIO Protect Viewing Data? VIZIO uses reasonable and appropriate measures to protect information within VIZIO’s organization. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. To help protect your information, we recommend consumers follow best practices for internet activities, including proactive password management and router security protocols How Can I Turn Off or On the Viewing Data (ACR) Feature? At any time you may turn Viewing Data (ACR) collection off or on directly from the menu of your VIZIO TV or display. Turning Viewing Data (ACR) off will disable all future Viewing Data collection. For textual as well as graphical instructions on how to turn Viewing Data (ACR) off or on, visit http://www.vizio.com/viewingdata . If you are unable to locate the Viewing Data setting on your VIZIO TV or display, contact VIZIO customer service by emailing privacy@vizio.com or calling (855) 472-8817. Please note that if your TV or display is ever reset to factory settings, the device will return to its default settings, and Viewing Data will be reset to the “OFF” position. You may again turn the feature on by following the procedure described above. Turning the Viewing Data (ACR) feature off or on will affect only the TV or display where you have made that selection. When you turn off collection of Viewing Data (if it was previously turned on), logs of Viewing Data will be deleted from our database.However, even if it is turned off, VIZIO may still collect other information when you separately provide such information to VIZIO, such as when you submit a support request or participate in a promotion, and VIZIO may still collect information from other sources as described in the VIZIO Privacy Policy. Stay updated on the latest from VIZIO. Email address Sign up for VIZIO Texts. Text STREAM to VIZIO (84946) to sign up.Text HELP to VIZIO (84946) for help.Text STOP to VIZIO (84946) to unsubscribe. Message frequency varies. Message and data rates may apply. Full terms and conditions can be found here. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy © 2023 VIZIO, Inc. All rights reserved. DO NOT SELL/SHARE: DEVICE DATADO NOT SELL/SHARE: VIZIOWEBSITE DATAStrictly Necessary Cookies DO NOT SELL/SHARE: DEVICE DATA Viewing Data Some VIZIO units are equipped with automatic content recognition (ACR) technology which collects information about the programs or ads being watched ("Viewing Data"). Users must affirmatively consent to activation of this technology, during Set Up or via the Settings. For a more information about this program, please refer to VIZIO's Viewing Data Supplement . No Viewing Data is collected (or therefore disclosed to third parties) unless the user has opted in. To end collection of Viewing Data, use your remote to navigate to the Viewing Data toggle on your TV. Step by step instructions are as follows: SmartCast TVs before 2020 : Menu > System > Reset & Admin > Viewing Data SmartCast TVs after 2020 : Menu > Admin & Privacy > Viewing Data. Step by step instructions for opting out of Viewing Data collection are available HERE . Ad Settings VIZIO’s advertising platform can serve tailored ads to your VIZIO SmartCast TV. If you would like to opt-out of these tailored ads, you can choose to turn ON the Limit Ad Tracking setting on your SmartCast TV. For detailed instructions about these settings please visit: HERE . DO NOT SELL/SHARE: VIZIOWEBSITE DATA DO NOT SELL/SHARE: VIZIOWEBSITE DATA To OPT-OUT of Sale/Sharing for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising: Toggle switch to OFF and select "Confirm My Do Not Sell/Share Choice" When you visit this website, cookies may be placed on your device via your browser to collect information which might relate to you, your preferences, or your device, and they are mostly used to make our website work as you expect it to and to provide a more personalized web experience. For more information about these technologies, please see our Privacy Policy . VIZIO provides you with the right to opt-out of the “sale” of your personal information, as well as the sharing of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising. This website uses some cookies which disclose information to third parties for analytics and targeted ad purposes in ways that would be deemed a sale or sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising under applicable laws. You may exercise your right to opt out of these activities on this website by using this toggle switch. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences.If you have any other questions regarding our privacy practices, please refer to our Privacy Policy , including our state-specific privacy disclosures, as applicable. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site may not then work. Back Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label DO NOT SELL/SHARE: DEVICE DATA [`dialog closed`]VIZIO Privacy Policy Effective as of: January 1, 2023 Introduction Please take time to read this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy explains how VIZIO, Inc. and its affiliates, ("VIZIO", "we," or "us," interchangeably) collect, use, share, and protect information collected by VIZIO, which includes the following sites, products and services: VIZIO website and Mobile Application (the “Site” or collectively, "Sites")Devices (such as TVs, displays, and sound bars powered by our VIZIO Smart TV operating system) and productsAd-supported VIZIO live and on-demand streaming services (known as Watchfree+) Please note that at times and as expressly indicated, this Privacy Policy discusses the separate data collection, use and sharing practices by VIZIO's affiliates and subsidiaries. Your privacy is a priority to VIZIO, and VIZIO takes responsible measures to protect it. By accessing and using the VIZIO Sites, products, and/or Services, you agree to accept the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, and you consent to the use and disclosure of the information collected by VIZIO according to this Privacy Policy. You also acknowledge that you are aware that this policy may change over time. The Privacy Policy applies to all VIZIO Sites, products, WatchFree+, or other VIZIO-operated platforms, and services (may be collectively referred to as "Services" unless otherwise noted). The VIZIO.com website (VIZIO.com/privacy) contains the most current version of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of any company or individual that VIZIO does not control. This Privacy Policy does not apply to non-VIZIO applications, Web services, or tools that you download or access from a VIZIO product (including third-party services or applications accessed through VIZIO products). You should review the privacy policies of these applications and services to learn more about their privacy practices, which may differ significantly from VIZIO's. I. How We Collect Your Information A. Information You Provide to Us VIZIO collects certain information that you provide to us – for example, when you visit our website, when you purchase a VIZIO product, when you register a product, when you sign up for a VIZIO Account and when you contact us. Making Purchases from VIZIO. If you make a purchase through our website or our apps, our payment processors collect your transaction information to fulfill your order(s). We will also collect information about the products you purchase. Registering a Product. When you register a product, either online or through your VIZIO device, we collect the information you provide to us, including your contact information and information about the product(s) you register, including product type, model number, and serial number. Creating a VIZIO Account. When you create a VIZIO Account, we may collect your name, email address, zip code, telephone number, and ask you to create a login credential by setting a password. You can choose to associate your VIZIO Account with a payment method, to facilitate purchases of third-party content or services on a VIZIO device. You may also create a VIZIO Account using social networking sites (such as Facebook, Apple or Google) or via VIZIO.com, VIZIO Mobile App or on other VIZIO products and services. If you sign up for a VIZIO Account with a third-party account (such as Facebook, Apple or Google), this third-party ID will be associated with your VIZIO Account. You may also provide your login credentials for participating third-party devices, applications or third-party services. Interacting with Customer Support. If you contact customer support, whether through email, chat, SMS, or by phone, we collect the information you provide to us, including your contact information and information about your customer service inquiry, which we may associate with information about your device or your purchase history to help resolve your inquiry. Engaging with VIZIO in Other Ways. You may interact with and provide information to VIZIO in other ways, including but not limited to when you complete a survey, enter a contest, giveaway, or sweepstakes that VIZIO has offered, post to VIZIO's sites, choose to hear from us or participate in VIZIO's marketing or promotion campaigns, or inquire about warranty services. When you do so, we collect the information you provide to us, for example your contact information. Submitting requests to us to correct, access or delete your information. If you submit a request to correct, access or delete your information, we will collect your contact information and other information, as needed to respond to your request. B. Other Information We Collect VIZIO collects certain information when you interact with the website and from internet connected VIZIO devices. The information includes the following: Interacting with our websites, services and advertisements.We automatically collect information (such as web server logs) when you interact with our websites, services, or ads. For more details about the types of information we collect, please see our section on cookies and other similar technology below . Operational and other technical data . VIZIO collects operational data from and about VIZIO devices, including device identifiers when you use the Sites or Services. This includes information such as IP and MAC addresses, wi-fi access points, product model numbers, hardware and software versions, chipset IDs, region, subscription information, and language settings. For VIZIO Smart TVs or displays, VIZIO also collects any "friendly name" assigned by you to the device. We also collect operational data from your mobile device if you connect to our Sites or other Services or content. Voice Remote. By activating the VIZIO Voice feature (either through the Mobile App or Bluetooth remote), you can control your VIZIO Smart TV, and use many of its features, with voice commands. To provide you with the VIZIO Voice feature, some voice commands may be transmitted to a third-party service provider that will translate your voice command into text and provide VIZIO Voice features. We may also capture and collect voice commands and associated text(s) in order to provide the VIZIO Voice feature and evaluate and improve the features. VIZIO will only capture voice commands when you press the microphone button on your remote or Mobile App and speak into the microphone on the remote control or mobile phone. You may disable the VIZIO Voice feature for your remote at any time by unpairing your Bluetooth remote. Activity Data . VIZIO collects data from VIZIO Smart devices about your interactions with VIZIO Smart products and services, the VIZIO Mobile App and the WatchFree+ streaming service (whether on a Smart device or other VIZIO device) (together, "Smart Products"), which we refer to as "Activity Data". VIZIO uses technologies similar to website cookies to measure audiences for our services on VIZIO Smart TVs. Information about how you use your device will be stored on your device and on our servers. This includes commands sent from your voice-activated device to the VIZIO Smart TV or display, information concerning the use and performance of your VIZIO Smart Products, your interactions with advertising and content on your VIZIO Smart Product, your preferences, and usage information collected from VIZIO Smart Products, or information that may be shared with VIZIO by the select third-party applications installed on or integrated with the VIZIO Smart Product (subject to their privacy policies and agreements with you). Viewing Data . If you opt-in, VIZIO will collect data about the commercial viewing history associated with your VIZIO TV or display, including through the use of Automated Content Recognition Technology (ACR). We call this information "Viewing Data," and it includes information about the audio and video programming content playing on the display unit including broadcast television, advertisements and other commercially available content (including volume, channel information, picture controls, and inputs), and other information, like when the device is off/on or if the content was viewed live or at a later time. VIZIO will also collect the identity of your broadcast, cable, satellite TV provider, an Over the Top (OTT) device, and third-party services or applications, such as streaming service providers, (including stream and launch events for movies, TV shows, episodes, and channels) that you connect to. Viewing Data is associated with a unique number that we assign and the IP address for the unit. Viewing Data may also be associated with your VIZIO Account (if any) and your email address or telephone number (if provided). Prior to collecting Viewing Data, each unit will receive (i) a notification, explaining the nature and purpose of the feature, separate and apart from this Privacy Policy (ii) an opportunity to choose whether to turn on Viewing Data and (iii) instructions on how to disable the feature. At any time, you may change your Viewing Data settings within the Settings menu of your VIZIO TV or display. Turning it off will not affect the performance of your VIZIO TV or display or any online services. For specific instructions on how to turn on/off Viewing Data, see the text below under the heading "Consumer Controls for the Handling of Information." Geolocation data . VIZIO collects information transmitted from your IP addresses, wi-fi access points and cell towers that are utilized and accessed from VIZIO Smart Products, VIZIO Internet-connected TVs, displays and mobile devices to assist in determining the location of VIZIO Internet-connected devices (at a zip code level, with no precise targeting of the physical location of devices at a more local level). C.Cookies and Other Similar Technologies VIZIO uses cookies and similar technologies to automatically collect information from your device about your use of the Sites and services and your interaction with the advertisements that VIZIO places on the Sites and elsewhere. VIZIO also uses cookies and other similar technologies to provide additional functionality relating to its Services. Cookies. By using cookies, we can measure how you have interacted with the Site and our advertisements. Cookies allow us to remember that you logged into the Site using your username and password, so you are not asked to re-enter your log-in information each time you visit the site. Our third-party partners also use cookies and similar technologies to understand how you interact with our Site and advertisements to measure audience engagement. This means that we and our partners may collect your browser type, unique identifiers, geolocation, web pages visited, duration of visit, content viewed, advertisements viewed, and other click-stream data. We and our third-party partners may use cookies to serve ads when you visit other sites. Your browser contains features to help you manage, remove, or prevent placement of cookies. Some of these service providers participate in industry-developed programs designed to provide consumers with choices about whether to receive targeted advertising. Please visit the websites operated by the Network Advertising Initiative and Digital Advertising Alliance to learn more. Most browsers allow individuals to automatically decline cookies or be given the choice of declining or accepting a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular website. Please refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html for more information. Declining certain cookies may cause certain parts of VIZIO's products / services to cease working. Pixel tags. Pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) may be used to, among other things, measure the success of VIZIO's marketing campaigns and compile statistics about usage of the products / services and response rates (for example, recording how many e-mails in a campaign were opened). Pixel tags may also be used in connection with our third-party partners to collect similar types of information as outlined in the section on cookies, above. Flash LSOs. VIZIO may use Flash LSOs and other technologies to, among other things, collect and store information about your use of the products / services. If you do not want Flash LSOs stored on your computer, you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash LSO storage using the tools contained in the Website Storage Settings Panel . You can also follow the instructions (which may explain, for example, how to delete existing Flash LSOs, how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without you being asked, and how to block Flash LSOs that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time). Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash LSOs may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications. Site and Product Analytics. VIZIO may use third party analytics companies, such as Adobe Analytics and/or Google Analytics, which use cookies and similar technologies to collect and analyze information about use of the products / services and report on activities and trends. This service may also collect information regarding the use of other websites, apps, and online resources. Learn more about Google's practices . Website Functionality . We use cookies to operate the VIZIO.com website and provide site functionality, for example to enable you to browse this Site and use some of its features (like search and checkout).We use cookies to help customers make purchases when items are no longer in-stock on the VIZIO Site. These cookies and similar technologies help us locate out-of-stock items at other locations and direct customers to those locations for purchase. D. Tracking and Tailored Advertising Through the use of Sites and/or Services, VIZIO may collect or receive information about you to provide you with advertising about VIZIO and third-party services that may be personalized and tailored to your individual interests. For example, VIZIO.com uses pixels in connection with third parties to serve you advertising about products and services tailored to your individual interests. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. VIZIO may present to you customized and/or personalized ads based upon based upon your use of WatchFree+ or other VIZIO services enhanced with demographic, location, and other attribute data we license from third party data sources. Please see below for information your choices and technical options to limiting or managing online tracking and tailored advertising and for the exercise of other consumer privacy rights. II.Using Your Information VIZIO uses information collected for the following purposes: To fulfill your requests. We will use your information to fulfill your purchases of products and services, to fulfill your requests for information about your interactions with us, and to resolve customer support requests. To learn more about you. We will use your information, such as IP Address, Device ID, email address or telephone number to learn more about the users of our Sites and Services. We may use such information to receive information from other companies, such as consumer data resellers, who are in the business of collecting or aggregating information about you sourced from publicly available databases (in line with local legal requirements as applicable) or from consent you have given to their use and subsequently our use of your information. This might be information about your income level, age, gender, number of people in your household, and products you have bought on the internet or from stores in your neighborhood. For example, we may securely match hashed email addresses or telephone numbers with third party data brokers or agencies, who can only see an email address or number if it's already known to them, so that they can provide demographic and other attribute data associated with that record in their databases. To communicate with you. We will use your information to respond to you when you contact us and to communicate with you about your VIZIO products, special offers, marketing and/or services. To market and promote products and services to you. We will use your information to market and promote information about VIZIO products, features, events, and/or other services that may be of interest to you, both from VIZIO and VIZIO's third-party partners, such as extended warranty services. You will always have the opportunity to "opt-out" of electronic marketing communications by unsubscribing or otherwise declining to receive further communications. You also can control certain advertising uses and disclosures through your VIZIO Account (if any) and in the Settings of a VIZIO internet-connected device. To provide for the integrity and availability of the Site and our Services. We automatically collect information about your interactions with the Site and our Services for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, and to display information more effectively on the Site or Services. To maintain or support VIZIO Services. We use your information to provide and maintain VIZIO Site and Services. For example, we may provide firmware updates to VIZIO devices, assist with connecting those devices to the internet or to other devices (i.e., speakers, tablets, or smartphones), and otherwise support the operation of VIZIO devices. To improve products and services . We will use information collected to improve and enhance the VIZIO Sites, products and services, and to develop new products, services, features and functionality. To advertise. We use the information we have to improve our advertising and measurement systems so we can show you relevant ads on your VIZIO device, including when you use our ad-supported WatchFree+ streaming service. We will use information collected to send tailored advertising, including via email or text messages. Advertisements shown on our Site, on your VIZIO device or on third party websites or applications may be tailored to your individual interests or attributes. To personalize our features and services to your preferences. Information about how you use our online services is then connected with other information you give us to personalize your experience. We will use your information to personalize your experience interacting with the VIZIO website, our Mobile App, or your VIZIO Smart TV, for example, recommend content we think you'll like or show content relevant to where you live. To conduct analytics. We use personal information collected to measure performance and analyze key metrics relevant to our business. We sometimes enhance personal information with demographic and other attribute data to help us better understand our customers and their preferences. We use information such as IP Address, Device ID, and email address when we measure the overall, aggregate effectiveness, viewership, and reach of ads and services for ourselves and our ad partners. To ensure security and prevent fraud. We use personal information collected to protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, infringing, or illegal activity. To support legal functions. We will compile metrics about the requests VIZIO receives to delete, access, or correct information, or to limit the handling of information. As required by applicable law, legal process, or regulation .Activity Data. VIZIO uses Activity Data to provide our Services, assist with device connectivity, create new products and services, tailor and deliver advertising on VIZIO Smart TV's or third-party applications, understand the effectiveness of such advertising, send information about VIZIO products and services, perform analytics, and personalize and recommend content. VIZIO may also use Activity Data collected to provide reports to application partners or third-party advertisers. III. Sharing Your Information Sharing with Corporate Affiliates. Information collected from or about you may be accessed or shared within the family of VIZIO companies to operate the Site and Services, perform data analytics, design and execute advertising and marketing campaigns, conduct product management, and/or engineer or improve and develop new products or services. Sharing with Service Providers and Vendors. VIZIO may share information with other companies that provide services to us, our business partners, and advertisers. For example, we may share telephone or email information to resolve customer support inquiries, payment information with our third-party payment processor to assist us in our billing efforts, and IP address and advertising identifiers with service providers to assist in our advertising and marketing efforts. Sharing with Application Partners and Other Third Parties. VIZIO may share information collected from a VIZIO TV, display, or service (clicks and impressions in onscreen apps, for example) with our application partners, content providers, or other third parties with whom we have a relationship. At Your Direction . Some of the content and applications accessible through a VIZIO TV, display, or service may be provided by third parties even where the items appear to be hosted by VIZIO, such as content you stream by interacting with VIZIO Smart Products. For instance, voice commands and data may be collected and used by the third-party apps associated with your voice activated device (subject to the third-party privacy policies and agreements with you). When you access these third parties' online content or services, your information may be transmitted to them under the terms of your agreements or relationships with them. The policies described in this VIZIO Privacy Policy do not apply to these parties, which may have their own privacy policies. Sharing with Advertisers and Advertising Partners. VIZIO may share information collected from VIZIO devices, Sites, or Services with advertising partners to show you ads that we think may interest you. For example, VIZIO, together with third-party advertising partners, may display advertisements from other companies on VIZIO devices and services and other websites outside of the VIZIO platform, sometimes enabling users to interact with the advertisements or click through to applications or other properties owned or operated by other companies. These advertisers and their service providers may use pixel tags and similar technologies to collect information, from or about you to tailor advertisements, measure advertising effectiveness, and enable other enhancements. We may also compile and provide reports, including in aggregated or de-identified forms, to advertisers about the reach, viewership and effectiveness of their campaigns. We use information to help our ad partners to reach the desired audience and understand improve their ad campaigns. Sharing with Audience Measurement Providers. VIZIO may share information collected from VIZIO devices, sites, or services with advertising measurement providers to help us and our advertisers understand the effectiveness of ad campaigns, including the audience that saw their ads and how they responded. These measurement providers collect or receive information such as Ad Id, IP address, and whether you viewed or interacted with an ad. Information Posted on VIZIO.com or corporate social media sites administered by VIZIO. Where applicable, if you post user comments or engage in similar activity, please remember that anything you post may be publicly available. In other words, publicly displayed information is public. For example, if you post a review at VIZIO.com, your username may also be available to other users or visitors. Any such postings or submissions to VIZIO will be public and will not be considered private or confidential information. VIZIO does not control, and is not responsible for, the actions of other users of the VIZIO site with respect to any information you post. In addition, contact information if any that you post may be collected and used by others to send you unsolicited messages and for other purposes. Sharing Viewing Data with Data Partners.VIZIO associates Viewing Data with other data about the performance, settings, or features of a particular VIZIO device. Our authorized cloud service providers may store this data solely on our behalf and for no other purposes. We may share Viewing Data with vendors, consultants and service providers who work on our behalf and make our business-to-business activities in digital advertising possible. In addition, through our data licensing group, we also license Viewing Data to analytics companies, media companies, advertisers, ad agencies, and other ad technology companies who measure ad effectiveness or aid personalization of ads, through written agreements which strictly prohibit attempts at identification or re-identification of shared information. Viewing Data is used for the purposes listed below: Summary Analytics and Reports. VIZIO's select data partners analyze Viewing Data to create summary reports to help deliver relevant information and advertising to interested groups of consumers. These summary reports are built from automated analysis of data elements, without connecting the information to any known natural person. For example, a data partner who is an advertiser may want to measure the effectiveness of their promotions, in the aggregate. Thus, the data partner may identify another device that shares an IP address with the VIZIO TV or display and analyze: (a) whether a particular website was viewed or commercial location was visited by a device with location tracking enabled (e.g., a smartphone) after a related promotion was viewed, and (b) whether a particular program was viewed following exposure to a promotion for that program. In addition, some data partners are authorized to use a third-party data aggregator to identify demographic or other attributes or traits (such as gender or age range or income range or behavioral data) associated with the IP addresses that VIZIO collects, and then send to the data partners the demographic information associated with those addresses. Audience Measurement. VIZIO and select data partners may use Viewing Data to understand what customers watch in order to deliver more relevant content and advertising, for example, by determining which programs are most popular, how many people watch a program to its conclusion, and whether and how often people watch commercials. VIZIO and select data partners may also combine Viewing Data with other demographic and similar information, including by working with data aggregators. Tailored Advertisements. VIZIO also licenses Viewing Data to select data partners for the purpose of targeting and tailoring the advertising you see on your VIZIO Smart TV or across various VIZIO and third-party platforms or devices, including other devices associated with your IP Address, device ID, email address or VIZIO account on the basis of your Viewing Data. VIZIO or its data partners are sometimes authorized to enhance Viewing Data with household demographic data and data about digital actions (e.g., digital purchases, location, and other consumer behavior taken by devices associated with the IP Address VIZIO collects), for the purpose of delivering relevant advertising that are likely to be useful or timely, including during broadcast, cable, satellite, or internet based television programming. VIZIO does not permit external data partners to combine or associate the Viewing Data with any information that will result in the Viewing Data becoming identifiable to individual persons. VIZIO may combine information (including Activity Data and/or Viewing Data) collected by VIZIO with other information (including information that you may provide to us such as your email address or your VIZIO account) so that VIZIO can provide you with a more personalized experience on your VIZIO Smart TV or display (for example, by recommending content) as well as to market and improve VIZIO's products and services – such as by enhancing popular product functionality and by modifying services to better meet VIZIO's customers’ needs. VIZIO may also match your data with VIZIO’s partners’ data to help market VIZIO's products or services to you and provide advertising tailored to your individual interests based on your viewing history or how you browse and shop online. If you opt-in to Viewing Data, VIZIO will also email you targeted advertisements and personalized marketing emails based upon the Viewing Data, Activity Data and demographic or and other attribute information. You can change your email preferences at any time, in your VIZIO account settings or by following the instructions for unsubscribing in any marketing email message. Other Circumstances for Disclosing Information .VIZIO will disclose information as required by law, or if any of the following applies in VIZIO's judgment: It is necessary to respond to lawful governmental requests or legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant, or subpoena).The information is relevant to a crime that has been or is being committed.An emergency exists that poses a threat to your safety or the safety of another person, or it is necessary to protect the rights or property of VIZIO or VIZIO's employees.If the ownership of VIZIO, Inc. or an affiliate or their respective assets changes as a result of a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, or in the unlikely event of a bankruptcy, information may be transferred to another company. That company may only use information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. SMS Vizio Texts . All of the above excludes text messaging opt-in data and consent for the VIZIO Texts Service, which VIZIO does not share with third parties. However, VIZIO may share originator opt-in data and consent with VIZIO’s third party text messaging platform provider as may be necessary to send you VIZIO Texts under the VIZIO Texts SMS Terms of Use. VIZIO also reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or government request. International Transfers. VIZIO is a company headquartered in Irvine, California in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information VIZIO collects may be processed and transferred to the United States and be subject to U.S. law. By using VIZIO products and services or providing VIZIO with any information, you consent to the collection, processing, maintenance, and transfer of such information to and in the U.S. IV. Consumer Controls for the Handling of Information Controlling Your Email Marketing Choices. You may choose to stop receiving marketing emails at any time by following the instructions in those messages (often it will be a notice or link at the bottom of the message). If you opt out, we may still send you non-marketing emails, such as emails about your VIZIO account, third party subscriptions, payments for programming or other services, customer support requests, and our business dealings with you, or, as allowed by applicable law. Controlling Your Advertising Choices. You may choose to stop receiving personalized ads on your VIZIO TV or display by turning on the Limited Ad Tracking setting in the sidebar menu, if one is available. You can also reset the Advertising Identifier of your VIZIO Device by choosing "Reset Advertiser ID" in the sidebar menu. If you reset the Advertiser ID on your VIZIO Smart TV, the current Advertiser ID will be replaced with a new one. You will still receive personalized ads if you reset your Advertiser ID, but the ads will not be personalized based on data collected and associated with your TV before you reset the TV Advertiser ID. Ads will be personalized based on data collected after you reset the TV Advertiser ID. Please note that VIZIO only controls the ads served by its platform. You may still receive tailored ads from other application partners based on your relationship with those various application partners. To learn more about your advertising choices please visit: Ads & Privacy FAQ . You can also view Advertising & Privacy FAQ on your VIZIO Smart TV by visiting the About page located in Extras. Controlling How VIZIO Products Collect Your Data. We offer the option to create a VIZIO Account, to register your device, and to handle payments for third party subscriptions or content. You are not required to create a personal account to use your VIZIO Smart Products. You may use your VIZIO Smart TV and services (a) without creating a VIZIO Account, (b) without registering the product to your name and email address, (c) by using the VIZIO Mobile App in Guest Mode, and/or (d) without using the VIZIO Mobile App at all. As described below, in Guest Mode, VIZIO may nonetheless build a history of your interactions with a VIZIO Smart Product even though VIZIO does not know who you are. Users of VIZIO products and services have a number of ways to control information connected with your device: VIZIO Mobile App –VIZIO Account. You may use your VIZIO Account to connect to the VIZIO Mobile App. You may also sign into VIZIO Mobile App using a social networking credential (such as Facebook, Apple ID). VIZIO Mobile App – Guest Mode. You can operate your VIZIO Mobile App in Guest Mode. To do so, pair your own device with the VIZIO Smart TV or display and choose to proceed in the VIZIO Mobile App in guest mode. In that circumstance, VIZIO will create a guest profile and deliver personalization of content and other VIZIO Mobile App features and functionality, but VIZIO will not associate your Activity Data or (when and if enabled) any Viewing Data with any VIZIO Account or user profile name. VIZIO Smart TV or Display.Prior to collecting Activity Data, the VIZIO Smart TV applications will show a notification explaining the nature and purpose of the Activity Data collection, separate and apart from this Privacy Policy. Disabling Automated Content Recognition ("ACR")/Viewing Data. Prior to enabling Viewing Data collection on your VIZIO Smart TV or display, VIZIO will request your express acknowledgment and acceptance. Only upon acknowledgment and acceptance will VIZIO collect Viewing Data from your VIZIO Smart TV or display. Each unit will receive a notification, explaining the nature and purpose of the feature, separate and apart from this Privacy Policy. Viewing Data will only be collected from units that choose to "ACCEPT" to collection and use of Viewing Data. Thereafter, at that time, and any time after, you will have the option to change the setting for the ACR feature/Viewing Data collection off or on from the Settings menu of your VIZIO device. Turning if off will not affect the performance of your VIZIO device but will trigger the deletion of historical logs of Viewing Data for the device from VIZIO's data base. Opting-out of Tailored Advertising and Personalized Marketing . You can opt out of receiving Tailored Advertising and Personalized Marketing by reviewing your account settings and opting out in VIZIO Sites and Services. Where applicable, you may also untick any opt in box or email privacy@vizio.com to opt-out and to update your marketing and communication preferences. Controlling the Collection of Viewing Data. For textual as well as graphical instructions on how to turn Viewing Data off or on, visit Viewing Data Supplement To The Privacy Policy . If you are unable to locate the Viewing Data setting on your VIZIO TV or display, contact VIZIO by emailing privacy@vizio.com or calling (855) 472-8817. Please note that if your TV or display is ever reset to factory settings, the device will return to its default settings, and Viewing Data will be reset to the "OFF" position. You may again turn the feature on by following the procedure described above. Turning the Viewing Data feature off or on will affect only the TV or display where you have made that selection. When you turn off collection of Viewing Data (if it was previously turned on), logs of Viewing Data will be deleted from our database. However, even if Viewing Data is turned off, information other than Viewing Data will still be collected from you when you separately provide such information, such as when you submit a support request or participate in a promotion and from other sources as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy. REMINDER : You always have the option to control the collection of Viewing Data in your TV or display's Settings menu. Viewing Data collection is only enabled if a user ACCEPTS this collection. However, for a period of time you may continue to see tailored ads on other devices that were targeted on the basis of Viewing Data that was shared before you turned off collection. Disabling the Video ACR (Viewing Data) feature in the Settings Menu will not, however, affect or limit Activity Data collection through VIZIO Smart Products, which is used to personalize and recommend content within the VIZIO Smart TV, display or VIZIO Mobile App. If you intend to sell or otherwise give away your VIZIO Smart TV or display, you should perform a "factory reset." How You Can Access or Remove Information. If you desire access to view, correct or remove information, please fill out our Privacy Web Form or call (855) 472-8817. If you request removal of personal information, you acknowledge that residual information may continue to reside in VIZIO's records and archives, but VIZIO will not use that information going forward for commercial purposes. VIZIO reserves the right to maintain information if VIZIO has suspended, limited, or terminated your access to the VIZIO site or VIZIO products and services for violating any applicable Terms of Use or Terms of Service. This paragraph does not apply to information that cannot be reasonably used to identify you. VIZIO reserves the right to refuse to process data removal requests that are impractical or jeopardize the privacy of others. If you are a California resident, learn more about the privacy controls available to you. If you are a Virginia resident, learn more about the privacy controls available to you. V. Other Practices How Long VIZIO Stores the Information Collected . VIZIO will retain information for as long as needed or permitted in light of the purpose(s) for which it was obtained.The criteria used to determine VIZIO's retention periods include: (i) the length of time VIZIO has an ongoing relationship with the customer and provide VIZIO's products and services; (ii) whether there is a legal obligation to which VIZIO is subject; and (iii) whether retention is advisable in light of VIZIO's legal position (such as in regard to applicable statutes of limitations, litigation, or regulatory investigations). Please note that if or when you turn off collection of Viewing Data (if it was previously turned on), logs of Viewing Data will be deleted from our database. How VIZIO Protects the Information Collected . VIZIO uses reasonable and appropriate measures designed and maintained to safeguard information within VIZIO's organization. Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. To help protect your information, we recommend consumers follow best practices for internet activities, including proactive password management and router security protocols Handling of Minors' Data. VIZIO recognizes that parents, guardians, or other adults often purchase VIZIO's products for family use, including use by minors. VIZIO will not knowingly sell information from children under age 16 for any purpose nor will VIZIO knowingly accept account or device registration from them. In some cases, particularly where information is collected electronically, VIZIO may not be able to know whether information was collected from a child under age 16. VIZIO treats this information as though it were provided by an adult. However, if VIZIO learns that it has collected information of a child under age 16, VIZIO will attempt to delete that information as soon as possible and take any other measures required under applicable law. VI. VIZIOgram Feature for Mobile Application and Smart TV VIZIO Account holders may choose to activate a photo and video sharing feature available for the VIZIO Mobile App and on VIZIO Smart TVs, called VIZIOgram. This feature allows sharing of content, between registered VIZIO Account holders only and on VIZIO Smart TVs only. As the creator of content to be shared, you control which users can access it. You can remove connections who can access your content at any time. The account holder can select photos or videos to upload from a smartphone or tablet to VIZIOgram, via the VIZIOgram feature within the VIZIO Mobile App. As part of the feature, we store uploaded photos, videos, and related metadata (the “VIZIOgram Content”) in the cloud, temporarily (i.e., for 30 days from the date of upload), so that the receiving account holder can view images or videos communicated through the service. As shared and stored, photos or video files themselves may also have additional metadata generated by the user or the device, such as file names; text comments or labels; or the time, date, and geographical location of the photos or videos. This is a user-directed feature. You identify users to receive access to your VIZIOgram Content, you invite them via email or text to connect through the VIZIOgram feature, and you send them an invitation to view your VIZIOgram Content. To see the content, the recipient of your message must have both a VIZIO Account and a VIZIO SmartTV. VIZIO or authorized VIZIO personnel may access your VIZIOgram Content as needed to perform system maintenance, to investigate or enforce compliance with the VIZIO Account or other applicable VIZIO Terms of Use, to protect its rights and property, and to comply with legal requirements. VIZIO does not access, use, or disclose your VIZIOgram Content for other business purposes. Once VIZIOgram Content is uploaded, it will remain available to open for thirty (30) days from the date of the upload. Once opened by you or a recipient, the VIZIOgram Content will remain viewable for another seven (7) days from the date it is first opened. Afterwards, the VIZIOgram Content will be promptly deleted. You can also withdraw the ability of other VIZIOgram users to access your VIZIOgram Content by opening your VIZIO Mobile App and blocking those users. If you wish to request manual deletion of your VIZIOgram Content, please contact VIZIO at privacy@vizio.com . VII. Policy Revisions And Contacting VIZIO Contacting VIZIO If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or your interactions with VIZIO, please contact VIZIO at privacy@vizio.com . Revisions to this Privacy Policy. As VIZIO's business changes and grows, VIZIO may make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time without notice. Please check back periodically to review these changes. If VIZIO's changes have a significant effect on the way VIZIO uses or discloses your information, however, VIZIO will announce the changes in a more prominent way. These announcements may include, for example, messaging on the screen of your VIZIO TV or display or prominent disclosures on VIZIO.com.VIZIO will use and disclose your information according to the latest version of the Privacy Policy. The latest version of the Privacy Policy will be available at http://www.vizio.com/privacy . Stay updated on the latest from VIZIO. Email address Sign up for VIZIO Texts. Text STREAM to VIZIO (84946) to sign up.Text HELP to VIZIO (84946) for help.Text STOP to VIZIO (84946) to unsubscribe. Message frequency varies. Message and data rates may apply. Full terms and conditions can be found here. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy © 2023 VIZIO, Inc. All rights reserved. DO NOT SELL/SHARE: DEVICE DATADO NOT SELL/SHARE: VIZIOWEBSITE DATAStrictly Necessary Cookies DO NOT SELL/SHARE: DEVICE DATA Viewing Data Some VIZIO units are equipped with automatic content recognition (ACR) technology which collects information about the programs or ads being watched ("Viewing Data"). Users must affirmatively consent to activation of this technology, during Set Up or via the Settings. For a more information about this program, please refer to VIZIO's Viewing Data Supplement . No Viewing Data is collected (or therefore disclosed to third parties) unless the user has opted in. To end collection of Viewing Data, use your remote to navigate to the Viewing Data toggle on your TV. Step by step instructions are as follows: SmartCast TVs before 2020 : Menu > System > Reset & Admin > Viewing Data SmartCast TVs after 2020 : Menu > Admin & Privacy > Viewing Data. Step by step instructions for opting out of Viewing Data collection are available HERE . Ad Settings VIZIO’s advertising platform can serve tailored ads to your VIZIO SmartCast TV. If you would like to opt-out of these tailored ads, you can choose to turn ON the Limit Ad Tracking setting on your SmartCast TV. For detailed instructions about these settings please visit: HERE . DO NOT SELL/SHARE: VIZIOWEBSITE DATA DO NOT SELL/SHARE: VIZIOWEBSITE DATA To OPT-OUT of Sale/Sharing for Cross-Context Behavioral Advertising: Toggle switch to OFF and select "Confirm My Do Not Sell/Share Choice" When you visit this website, cookies may be placed on your device via your browser to collect information which might relate to you, your preferences, or your device, and they are mostly used to make our website work as you expect it to and to provide a more personalized web experience. For more information about these technologies, please see our Privacy Policy . VIZIO provides you with the right to opt-out of the “sale” of your personal information, as well as the sharing of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising. This website uses some cookies which disclose information to third parties for analytics and targeted ad purposes in ways that would be deemed a sale or sharing for cross-context behavioral advertising under applicable laws. You may exercise your right to opt out of these activities on this website by using this toggle switch. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences.If you have any other questions regarding our privacy practices, please refer to our Privacy Policy , including our state-specific privacy disclosures, as applicable. Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site may not then work. Back Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label DO NOT SELL/SHARE: DEVICE DATA [`dialog closed`]