PRIVACY POLICY 1. Information collection To access and use the service at ekyc.vnpt.vn , you will be required to register with personal information (Email, Full Name, Phone Number, Company Name). When you contact us through the contact form on website ekyc.vnpt.vn , we will save the contact information you have provided. To issue an electronic invoice for each payment, you will be asked to add additional information (Name, Unit name, Tax code, Address, Email). We do not collect VNPT eKYC products and services from the way you use them, including: Cookies, IP addresses, biometric information, paper information, operating system version, details about how you have used our products and services, request history, support history, device event information such as breakdown, system activity, hardware settings, browser type , browser, language used, time. 2. Information usage We do not collect and use your personal information We can use the information collected from this website to contact you directly in the forms such as: Product introduction, customer care, promotion, promotion, customer gratitude, thank you letters, SMS, renewal notices, package upgrade notices and other notices, send e-invoices. For the information we collect from VNPT eKYC products and services, we will store in ekyc.vnpt.vn data center, to improve the user data set and use in the Data analysis to improve VNPT eKYC service We may use your email address to notify you of our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements. We use information collected from cookies and other technologies to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our products and services. We keep all online transaction information of Members strictly confidential, including invoice information in the central data area of ​​ ekyc.vnpt.vn . 3. Information storage Members' personal data provided on the website, and data we collect from products and services of VNPT eKYC will be automatically deleted after 15 days or according to member's needs. If customer requests to delete data on website ekyc.vnpt.vn , please send email to contact_dx@vnpt.vn. 4. Individuals or organizations with access to information We do not share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of the VNPT group in accordance with the law In case the information storage server is attacked by hacker, causing personal loss of members, ekyc.vnpt.vn will be responsible for the service to notify the authorities to promptly handle and user to be aware. 5. Address of the unit that collects and manages personal information VNPT Information Technology Company - Vietnam Post and Telecommunication Group Branch Registered business address: No. 57 Huynh Thuc Khang Street, Lang Ha Ward, Dong Da District, Hanoi City Office: 7th Floor, No. 57 Huynh Thuc Khang Street, Lang Ha Ward, Dong Da District, Hanoi City Office phone: 02433855588 6. Instruments and tools for users to access and edit personal data Currently the website has deployed a personal information management page of members, so customers can access and edit some personal data such as: Full name, phone number In addition, some information that we collect from how you use VNPT eKYC products and services, you will not have the right to modify or withdraw. 7. Mechanism for receiving and resolving consumer complaints related to personal information being used for the wrong purpose or jurisdiction announced. 8. Payment information security policy Privacy statement Privacy regulations Dual security with OTP code and 6 digit password 3-D Secure security feature Meet GeoTrust security standards Customer's personal information is kept and kept confidentially at the system's servers and guaranteed to be safe in accordance with the State Bank's regulations. Activities that interact directly with servers and machines located in Data Centers must strictly comply with the regulations and procedures on safety, security and security.regulations; meeting the requirements of information technology safety and confidentiality according to regulations of the State Bank and other international security, safety and confidentiality standards. We ( ekyc.vnpt.vn ) only keep transaction codes encrypted by VNPT Pay Payment Gateway Partner to cross-check payment with VNPT Pay gateway and provide function allowing users to view history their transaction. We do not directly store customer's wallet or card information. The security of Customer's wallet and payment card information is done by a licensed VNPT Pay Payment Gateway Partner. Sản phẩm thuộc hệ sinh thái Chính sách Tải ứng dụng Kênh truyền thông ISO 30107-3: Spoof Detection Công ty công nghệ thông tin VNPT Giấy phép / ĐKKD: 0108212803-002 do Sở KHDTHN cấp ngày 12/10/2018 © 2020 VNPT. Đã đăng ký bản quyền.VI TERMS OF USE 1. Accept the Terms & Conditions of the VNPT eKYC platform These terms and conditions govern your access to information on the VNPT eKYC website using the VNPT eKYC application program interface (APIs), and related documents provided by us, or web applications, mobile applications owned and controlled by users. You must accept and agree to be bound by these Terms in order to use the Website, Platform and the Services. If you use VNPT eKYC Platforms and Services to integrate into your product for customer deployment, you will agree to incorporate these Terms into that product and ensure that your customer Guests must comply with these Terms. We reserve the right to change, modify, or update the Platform at any time to impose additional restrictions or limitations on the Service, or to change, modify, or update the fees charged for all or part of the Service. VNPT has no responsibility or obligation for the deletion or failure to store any data or other content maintained or transmitted by the Service. VNPT may decide which features to include in the Service and whether to make them optional or required. VNPT reserves the right to change these general practices and restrictions at any time, in its sole discretion, with or without notice. We reserve the right to change, modify or update the Terms at any time and post the newest revised Terms on the Website. VNPT will notify you of any changes required by law. If You do not agree to the modifications, you must stop using the Platform and remove the Service from your product. If you continue to use our Platform or Service, you accept the new Terms that we have updated. 2. API KEY On your account information, we will issue you a security key to use the VNPT eKYC platform that you have purchased from us. You should not share this key with anyone. If so, you are responsible for any action that that person takes. If you suspect someone is using your security key without your permission, please contact us at contact_dx@vnpt.vn. 3. Conditions and usage rights If you register to use VNPT eKYC for a company, you need to be legally authorized to represent the company. Your agreement to the Terms means that you on behalf of the company and all employees of the company agree to these Terms. If you register the Platform and the Services for you personally, you are solely bound by our Terms. 4. License 5. Integration Terms 6. Trial version 7. Service provision process 8. Cost & Plans 9. Terms of use 10. Notification / Contact Sản phẩm thuộc hệ sinh thái Chính sách Tải ứng dụng Kênh truyền thông ISO 30107-3: Spoof Detection Công ty công nghệ thông tin VNPT Giấy phép / ĐKKD: 0108212803-002 do Sở KHDTHN cấp ngày 12/10/2018 © 2020 VNPT. Đã đăng ký bản quyền.