Privacy Policy of Vodafone Voice and Roaming Services In this policy, we explain how we collect, use, share and protect your personal information when you use our products and services, visit our website or interact with us. Last updated: 05 October 2021 We are Vodafone Roaming Services S.à r.l. (VRS). We use other Vodafone entities and members of the Vodafone Group to deliver global business products and services. We will act as the Data Controller or Processor for a range of your personal data and will be supported by other organisations within the Vodafone Group. You will find our contact details in the How to contact us section in this policy which you can use if you have any questions about this privacy policy, including how to update or access your personal information or to make a complaint. “Vodafone”, “we”, “us”, “our” means VRS; “third party” means someone who is not you, us or a Business Customer; “Business Customer” means the business customer which has entered into a Services Agreement with Vodafone or another member of the Vodafone Group for Vodafone Business products and Services; and “Vodafone Group” means Vodafone Group Plc and any company or other organisation in which Vodafone Group Plc owns more than 15% of the share capital. Our registered office is 15, rue Edward Steichen, L-2540 Luxembourg, Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. We are registered in Luxembourg under company number B125883. When this privacy policy applies This privacy policy applies to the VRS website and the products and services offered by VRS, which you as an employee, agent or customer of one of our Business Customers will receive. This privacy policy also applies when you interact with us for example when you call our employees for support. In this privacy policy we refer to the Business Customer that has purchased our products or services for deployment to you as your employer, although you may be a customer of our Business Customer, consultant or otherwise affiliated with such company or be authorised by our Business Customer access to, and use of, our products and services purchased by them. Note that the Business Customer, for example your employer, may have its own privacy policies with regard to the personal data they process and share with us about you to allow us to provide the services, and you should contact them if you have any questions about those privacy policies. Our privacy policy does not apply to services offered on other sites (apps, portals, and websites) that have their own separate privacy policy and do not relate to or incorporate this privacy notice, whether those be Vodafone services offered on other sites, or third party services. Changes to our privacy policy Because we are always looking to help Business Customers with new innovative products and services, this notice may change over time, so we would encourage you to check it regularly. If we make a major change, we will post this on our website. Our principles Vodafone is committed to respecting your privacy. We take privacy, security and complying with data protection and privacy laws seriously. We have set out our core Privacy Commitments in our Privacy Centre . We aim to put these commitments at the heart of everything we do. In order for Vodafone Roaming Services to respond to your marketing information access and change requests, the relevant form should be correctly filled-in and shared via e-mail with vrs.commercial@vodafone.com . Marketing Information Change Request Form Marketing Information Access Request Form Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Personal information we collect about you The information we collect about you and how we collect it can vary depending on (a) the VRS products and services that you use; (b) how you use the products and services; (c) how you have interacted with Vodafone even if you aren’t a customer, and (d) the information that we have obtained from a Business Customer or third party with permission to share such information with us. Vodafone will process your personal data based on: The performance of a Service Agreement with a Business Customer, when a Business Customer contracts with Vodafone for services, the Business Customer provides information about itself as a legal entity and also information about you as an individual if you are an employee of the Business Customer or a user of the services for the purpose of for example order fulfilment/delivery, customer service, sending bills, account set up, account relationship management; orVodafone’s legitimate business interests, including for example, maintaining the security of our network and services, marketing and improvement of our products and services. Whenever we rely on this lawful basis to process your data, we assess our business interests to make sure they do not override your rights. Additionally, in some cases you have the right to object to this processing.For more information, visit the Your Rights section of this policy; or Compliance with a mandatory legal obligation, including for example accounting and tax requirements, which are subject to strict internal policies (such as retention periods), procedures, and your right in certain circumstances to restrict usage of your data, which control the scope of legal assistance to be provided; orConsent you provide where Vodafone does not rely on another legal basis for such processing, for example to send you marketing communications based on products and services you have expressed an interest in. You may withdraw your consent to Vodafone sending you marketing communications at any time. Visit the Your Rights section of this policy for information on how to withdraw your consent. We can collect your personal information when you: Use any of our products and services;Use our networks or the networks of a Vodafone Group company;Subscribe to newsletters, alerts or other services from us;Contact us in any way, or ask for information about a product or service;Take part in a competition, prize draw or survey;Visit or browse our website or other Vodafone Group websites;Have given permission to other companies, such as our business or joint-venture partners as well as our third-party suppliers or contractors, to share information about you or the company you represent; Where your information is publically available; orAre the user of the products and services of a business that we acquire. We may collect information from certain organisations, where appropriate and to the extent we have legal grounds to do so. These include business directories.We use cookies (small text files stored in your browser) and other techniques such as web beacons (small, clear picture files used to follow your movements on our website). For more details on this and how to opt out of these, please see Cookies for more information. The types of information we may collect or process are, for example: Identification information: Your name, title, address, employee number, phone and/or mobile number, and email address;Billing information: Data necessary to calculate charges and process a payment for your use of our products and services;Your contact with us: Such as a note or recording of a call you make to one of our contact centres, a Live Chat, an email or letter sent, or other records of any contact with us, including complaints and complaint history or your requests to access your personal data; Your account information: Such as subscriptions you use, account numbers or other information related to the business account you use;Credential information: Such as passwords, hints and similar security information used for authentication and access to accounts and services; and/orCookies: See Cookies for details on what we collect using cookies, web beacons and other technologies, including ad data; and How you use our products and services: Information detailing things like the level of service that you receive – for example, network or service faults and other events that may affect our network services or other services. How we use your personal information We will use your personal information for the following purposes: Processing orders and to provide you with products and servicesProcess the products and services ordered by you as the person authorised by our Business Customer to place orders when you are the employee, agent, affiliated or customer of our Business Customer, and to deliver those orders and keep you updated with the progress of the order where required. Billing and Customer Care Calculating charges and process payment for the products and services you use;Respond to any questions or concerns that you may have about our network, products or services for example when you contact our customer care.Improving and innovating our products and servicesWe collect anonymous, aggregate information in order to improve the service we offer to everyone. None of these analytics are linked back to you in any way.Managing our networks and understanding network and services usage To protect our networks and manage the volumes of traffic coming through our networks. For example, we identify peak periods of use so we can try and ensure the networks can handle the volume at those times;To understand how you use our networks, products and services. That way we can seek to review, develop and improve these, develop more interesting and relevant products and services, as well as customizing our products and services. Credential information We may use your personal information for identity verification purposes, for example for access control to our services via logins and for general account management and/or administration. Marketing Marketing communications include things like updates on new products and services, newsletters, event invites, thought leadership articles and blog updates.Examples of the ways we might use your information for marketing purposes include: Sending you email marketing communications after you subscribe on our website. The type of content we send you will be specific to the preference(s) you have signed up to.When you are the contact for one of our existing Business Customers or a customer of one of Vodafone Group’s partner organisations, we may send you email marketing communications for similar products/services.Sending you email marketing communications based on permission you provided to a third party organisation to share your details with us. A member of our sales team calling you back after submitting a “contact me” enquiry on our website, or expressing an interest in one of our products or servicesSending you an invite to complete a survey when you are the contact of one of our existing Business Customers, or after a recent interaction with our sales team.Performing internal analysis on the billing/usage data related to your use of our services to determine whether the Vodafone Business Customer package you use when for example you are the employee of our Business Customer is right for our Business Customer. Contacting you as the contact of a Business Customer close to, or after, the expiry of the Business Customer contract to discuss renewal options Some of these marketing activities will be undertaken by third parties (other organisations), acting on Vodafone’s behalf. A data processing agreement will be in place to ensure your information is only used for the specified purpose. Advertising online To deliver advertising that is relevant to you, you will also see targeted advertising online based on the use of cookies. This is known as interest-based advertising. It can be on websites belonging to the Vodafone Group, those of other organisations as well as other online media channels such as social media sites. We may also combine data collected via the cookies with other data we have collected. If you don't want any information processed through the use of cookies, check our Cookies section. It explains how to control and opt out of cookies. Remember that opting out of interest-based advertising won’t stop advertisements from being displayed – but they won’t be tailored to your interests. How we share your personal information We may share information about you but only to carry out specific activities described in this privacy policy with: Companies in the Vodafone Group;Partners, agents or suppliers involved in delivering the products and services to our Business Customer; andCompanies who are engaged to perform services for, or on behalf of, Vodafone.We may also share personal information about you with our Business Customer only where required for example to allow the Business Customer to verify the payment to us of the products and services you use when you are an employee, agent or customer of our Business Customer, or the person authorised by our Business Customer to access and use those products and services. Law enforcement and disclosures related to regulatory requirementsWe may need to release your information to comply with our legal obligation to respond to the authorities’ lawful demands, for example law enforcement agencies, government bodies, courts or other public authorities. Your personal data shall only be provided when we in good faith believe we are obliged to do so in accordance with the law and pursuant to an exhaustive evaluation of all legal requirements.We may also share your information with a third party or body where such disclosure is required to satisfy any applicable law, or other legal or regulatory requirement. Mergers and Acquisitions If we’re re-organised or sold to another organisation we will provide your information to that organisation. Third parties that we work with We collect and combine information in order to monitor individuals’ use of Vodafone’s website and Business Customers’ products and services, which helps us to improve the quality of our services. We provide this information to third parties, but only to carry out specific activities described in this privacy policy on Vodafone’s behalf – these third parties will not use your data for other purposes, unless you have specifically provided your consent. International data transfer We may need to transfer your information internationally to other Vodafone Group companies or service providers. This kind of data transfer may happen if our servers (i.e. where we store data) or our suppliers and service providers are based outside the country where we offer our services, or if you use our services and products while visiting other countries. If Vodafone transfers your information internationally, we will make sure that it is done in compliance with the legislation in force, and your information is properly protected.If you would like more information on the legal mechanisms we use for international data transfers see the section in this privacy policy "How to contact us". How long we keep your personal information for We will retain your personal information for no longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes for which the information was originally collected unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law, for legal, tax or regulatory reasons, or other legitimate and lawful business purposes. Keeping your personal information secure We have specialised security teams who constantly review and improve our measures to protect your personal information from unauthorised access, accidental loss, disclosure or destruction. Communications over the internet (such as emails) aren’t secure unless they’ve been encrypted. Your communications may go through a number of countries before being delivered, as this is the nature of the internet. We cannot accept responsibility for any unauthorised access or loss of personal information that is beyond our control. We’ll never ask for your secure personal or account information by an unsolicited means of communication. You’re responsible for keeping your personal and account information secure and not sharing it with others. Our website may provide links to third-party websites. We cannot be responsible for the security and content of such third-party websites. Please ensure that you read that third party company’s privacy and cookies policies before using or putting your personal information on their site. The same applies to any third-party websites or content you connect to using our products and services. You may choose to disclose your information in certain ways such as social plug-ins (including those offered by Google, Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest) or using third-party services that allow you to post reviews or other information publicly, and a third party could use that information. Social plug-ins and social applications are operated by the social network themselves and are subject to their own terms of use and privacy and cookies policies. You should make sure you’re familiar with these. For more information on how we keep your data secure visit our Privacy Centre . Individual rights For more information about your rights, contact us at vrs.commercial@vodafone.com . If our policy does not answer your concern/s you may wish to make an individual rights request to Vodafone. Please put your request in writing and submit to the postal address or email address below. Note that as we provide business solutions it may not be possible for us to verify your identity without the help of our Business Customer who might be your employer or the organisation that has authorised your access to, and use of, our products and services. In this case if you want to continue with your request you understand that we would need to ask our Business Customer to verify your identity. How to contact us General privacy enquiries and complaints Your opinion matters to us – if you have any questions about our privacy policy, you can email us at: vrs.commercial@vodafone.com or write to: Vodafone Roaming Services S.à r.l.Legal Team – Data Privacy Officer15, rue Edward SteichenL-2540 LuxembourgGrand Duchy of Luxembourg Your opinion matters to us If you have questions about our privacy statement, please get in touch Contact Us linkedin twitter youtube instagram facebook ©2023 Vodafone Group Vodafone Group Plc. Registered Office: Vodafone House. The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire RG14 2FN. Registered in England No 1833679 We use cookies to improve your experience on this site. Read our policyPrivacy centre Privacy is for everyone Millions of people communicate and share information over our networks, enabling them to connect, innovate and prosper. Customers trust us with their data and maintaining this trust is critical.We believe that everyone has a right to privacy, wherever they live in the world and our commitment to our customers’ privacy goes beyond legal compliance. As a result, our privacy programme applies globally, irrespective of whether there are local data protection or privacy laws. Our Privacy Management Policy is based on the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (‘GDPR’) and this is applied across Vodafone markets both inside and outside the European Economic Area. Our privacy management policy establishes a framework within which local data protection and privacy laws are respected and sets a baseline for those markets where there are no specific legal requirements.We always seek to respect and protect the right to privacy, including our customers’ lawful rights to hold and express opinions and share information and ideas without interference. At the same time, as a licensed national operator, we are obliged to comply with lawful orders from national authorities and the judiciary, including law enforcement. Managing privacy As data volumes continue to grow and regulatory and customer scrutiny increases, it is important to be clear on the privacy risks we face, as well as how our policies and programmes can mitigate these risks.To help us identify and manage evolving risks, we constantly evaluate our business strategy, new technologies, products and services as well as government policies and regulation. We categorise data privacy risk into three main areas: Collection Collection of personal data without permissions or excessive collection of data. Access & use Use of personal data for unauthorised purposes, excessive data retention or poor data quality. Sharing Unauthorised disclosure of personal data, including supplier non-compliance. Privacy principles Our privacy programme governs how we collect, use and manage our customers’ personal data to ensure we respect the confidentiality of their communications and any choices that they have made regarding the use of their data. Our privacy programme is based on the following principles: Accountability We are accountable for living up to our commitments throughout Vodafone and with our partners and suppliers. Choice and access We give people the ability to make simple and meaningful choices about their privacy and allow individuals, where appropriate, to access, update or delete their personal data. Privacy by design Respect for privacy is a key component in the design, development and delivery of our products and services. Responsible data management We apply appropriate data management practices to govern the processing of personal data. We carefully select external partners and we limit disclosure of personal data to what is described in our privacy notices or to what has been authorised by our customers.We also ensure that personal data is not stored for longer than what is necessary or as is required by applicable laws and to maintain accuracy of data. Fairness and lawfulness We comply with privacy laws and act with integrity and fairness. We also actively engage with stakeholders, including civil society, academic institutions, industry and government, in order to share our expertise, learn from others, and shape better, more meaningful privacy laws and standards. Security safeguards We implement appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect personal data against unauthorised access, use, modification or loss. Openness and honesty We communicate clearly about our actions that may impact privacy, we ensure our actions reflect our words and we are open to feedback. Balance When we are required to balance the right to privacy against other obligations necessary for a free and secure society, we work to minimise privacy impacts. Using customer data Our mission is to enable our customers to get the most out of our products and services. In order to provide these services, we need to use our customers’ personal information. We are committed to looking after our customers’ data, using it for its stated purpose, and we are always open about what we collect. Learn how we use customer data Operating model We have an experienced team of privacy specialists dedicated to ensuring compliance with data protection laws and our policies in the countries where we operate. We apply a process-based approach to managing privacy risks across the data lifecycle and work closely with Cyber and Corporate Security, Products, IT & Digital, Networks, HR, Finance, Supply Chain and other teams to ensure end-to-end coverage.Dedicated security teams ensure appropriate technical and organisational information security measures are applied to protect personal data against unauthorised access, disclosure, loss or use during transit and at rest. Read more about cyber security at Vodafone A privacy first approach All products, services and processes are subject to privacy impact assessments as part of their development and throughout their lifecycle. We maintain Personal Data Processing Records, Supplier Privacy Compliance, Data Breach Management and Individual Rights processes, as well as Internal and International Data Transfer compliance frameworks and training and awareness programmes.Our teams monitor and influence regulatory and industry developments and work to build and maintain relationships with local data protection authorities and other key stakeholders. Privacy training for all Our privacy control frameworks are subject to continuous risk-based improvements. In addition to introducing updates to our global privacy controls, we have also introduced an updated privacy module that is part of our mandatory ‘Doing What’s Right’ training. Every employee and non-employee must complete the training within six weeks of joining Vodafone and then every two years. We have also refined training for high-risk roles aimed at teams with a key role in personal data processing. With the updated approach we aim to achieve 90% completion rate on both types of training across all target groups across our global footprint.The effectiveness of control implementation is subject to regular reporting and testing by the privacy teams and internal audit. Any findings are subject to remedial actions by the responsible control operator, and completion is monitored. Governance Privacy Policy management The Group General Counsel and Company Secretary, a member of the Group Executive Committee, oversees the global privacy programme. The Group Privacy Officer, reporting to the Group General Counsel, is responsible for managing and overseeing the privacy programme on a day to day basis across the markets and provides regular status reports to Group General Counsel and an annual update to the Group Audit and Risk Committee. Key roles and responsibilities Whilst each employee is responsible for protecting personal data they are trusted with, accountability for compliance sits with each operating company. A member of the local executive committee oversees the local implementation of our privacy programme. Each operating company also has a dedicated privacy officer, privacy legal counsel and their privacy specialists. Local privacy officers report to Group Privacy Officer throughout the year. Working in partnership The Privacy Leadership Team approves new standards and guidelines and monitors the implementation of global privacy plans. Operating companies also maintain privacy steering committees that bring together privacy and security teams and senior management from relevant business functions. Monitoring and response Vodafone monitors compliance with privacy controls and has an experienced team to manage incidents. Our privacy controls are subject to rigorous and regular evidence based testing by our Privacy Governance, Risk and Compliance team. In addition, our Internal Audit teams performs audit on selected privacy controls and business activities with particular privacy relevance. Possible findings are subject to mitigation plans and heightened monitoring, as the case may be. Our processes ensure that any identified incidents are contained and steps will be taken to mitigate any negative effects. Where required, we will notify regulators as well as our customers. To learn about how we have dealt with privacy incidents please view our annual report. Vodafone's Annual Report For details on how we respond to a data breach, please visit our cyber security page. Learn more about data breach responses Permissions management At Vodafone we give control to our customers when it comes to use of their data. Each Vodafone local market has a centralised permissions platform to help customers manage their preferences in near real-time. Learn more Our strategy in action 8 Aug 2023 defences 2 minute read We’re improving cybersecurity at Villaggio Turistico Internazionale to better protect customer data. 22 Nov 2022 controls 5 minute read Ethical to the very core: Implementing ethical AI policies 29 Sep 2022 Taskforce 5 minute read New taskforce will support the roadmap for post-quantum cryptography and adoption across the global telecommunications supply chain 26 Aug 2021 Vodafone 2 minute read Emma Smith, Cyber Security Director at Vodafone Group talks about her role and how the industry has evolved. linkedin twitter youtube instagram facebook ©2023 Vodafone Group Vodafone Group Plc. Registered Office: Vodafone House. The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire RG14 2FN.Registered in England No 1833679 We use cookies to improve your experience on this site. Read our policyPrivacy and Cookie Policy Welcome to Vodafone’s Privacy and Cookie Statement This page provides information on how we use, collect, and share your personal data when you visit Vodafone.com. We understand this is a big responsibility and we work hard to protect your personal data. For more information, please see below our cookie and privacy statement. To learn more about how Vodafone seeks to respect and protect the right to privacy, including our customers’ lawful rights to hold and express opinions and share information and ideas without interference, please visit our dedicated Privacy centre. Visit our dedicated Privacy centre Privacy statement Last updated: 26 June 2020 In the following privacy policy "we/us" means Vodafone Group Plc; "third party" means someone who is not you or us; and "Vodafone Group" means Vodafone Group Plc and any company or other organisation in which Vodafone Group Plc owns more than 15% of the share capital.Our registered office is Vodafone House, The Connection Newbury, Berkshire RG14 2FN. We are registered in England under company number 1833679. Vodafone Group Plc is registered with the Information Commissioner's Office (ICO), registration number Z8088474. Privacy policy Personal information we collect about you Information we collect about you The types of information we collect about you when you visit and interact with this site are: Your contact details such as name and email address where you have contacted us through this site; orIf you have agreed to cookies, data such as your site preferences or language settings. We can also use this information in an aggregate manner to understand how our visitors navigate this site so we can make it better. When we collect your personal information We collect your personal information when you: Browse and interact with the vodafone.com website; orUse our contact forms to get in touch or register your interest. Vodafone will process your personal data based on: Our legitimate business interests, for example, direct marketing and improvement of our services. Whenever we rely on this lawful basis to process your data, we assess our business interests to make sure they do not override your rights. Additionally, in some cases you have the right to object to this processing. For more information, visit the Your Rights section of this policy.Consent you provide where Vodafone does not rely on another legal basis. Consent will always be presented separately to you, can be withdrawn at any time and you will be given details on how to change your mind. How we use your personal information Maintaining this website and providing you with any services requested through it For example, when you contact us through this site, we’ll use your information to ensure you get the right information and response. To personalise this website and track its performance Because of the way this website operates, we may also use information from your browser or browsing activities to personalize the site or route you to relevant information. For example, we may use web-log information, cookies or web beacons in ways that help us maintain some of your site preferences, send you to the right country-specific information or understand how our visitors navigate the site so we can make it better.You can choose whether or not to allow cookies or web beacons using your browser preferences. To find out more about cookies and your choices, visit the Cookies section of this statement. How we share your your personal information Some of the services or information you can request on this site may come from other members of our corporate family. Therefore, we may share your information with other companies within Vodafone Group (for example, your local carrier). The laws of the countries where these companies are based may not be the same as those in the EU, but your information will be treated with the same high standard of care wherever it’s processed within the corporate family. International data transfer We may need to transfer your information to other Vodafone Group companies (for example, if the information you request is delivered by them) or service providers in countries outside the European Economic Area (EEA). The EEA consists of countries in the European Union, Switzerland, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway: they are considered to have equivalent laws when it comes to data protection and privacy. This kind of data transfer may happen if our servers (i.e. where we store data) or our suppliers and service providers are based outside the EEA, or if you use our services and products while visiting countries outside this area.If Vodafone sends your information to a country that is not in the EEA, we will make sure that your information is properly protected. We will always ensure that there is a proper legal agreement that covers the data transfer.In addition, if the country is not considered to have laws that are equivalent to EU data protection standards then we will ask the third party to enter into a legal agreement that reflects those standards. How long we keep your information for We’ll store your information for as long as we have to by law. If there’s no legal requirement for us to retain the data, we’ll only store it for as long as we need to. Keeping your personal information secure We have specialised security teams who constantly review and improve our measures to protect your personal information from unauthorised access, accidental loss, disclosure or destruction.Communications over the internet (such as emails) aren’t secure unless they’ve been encrypted. Your communications may go through a number of countries before being delivered, as this is the nature of the internet.| We cannot accept responsibility for any unauthorised access or loss of personal information that is beyond our control.We’ll never ask for your secure personal or account information by an unsolicited means of communication. You’re responsible for keeping your personal and account information secure and not sharing it with others. Our website may provide links to third-party websites. We cannot be responsible for the security and content of such third-party websites. So make sure you read that company’s privacy and cookies policies before using or putting your personal information on their site. The same applies to any third-party websites or content you connect to using our products and services.You may choose to disclose your information in certain ways such as social plug-ins (including those offered by Google, Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest) or using third-party services that allow you to post reviews or other information publicly, and a third party could use that information. Social plug-ins and social applications are operated by the social network themselves and are subject to their own terms of use and privacy and cookies policies. You should make sure you’re familiar with these. Your rights Under the law, you have a number of rights that you can exercise free of charge. We have included a summary of these below; if you would like to discuss or exercise any of these, please contact us through the details provided. Right to correct personal data If you believe any of the personal data we hold about you is incorrect, you can request we update it. Right to access personal data You have a right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you, and how it has been processed. Right to data portability In some circumstances, you have the right to receive the personal information about you which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and have the right to transmit this data to a third party. Right to object to use of personal data In some circumstances, you can request that we temporarily suspend the processing of your data. Right to erasure In some circumstances, such as where we no longer have a justifiable reason to continue to process your data, you can request we delete it. How to lodge a complaint If you have a complaint, you can contact us on the details provided. We’ll do our best to help but if you’re still unhappy, you can contact the ICO, which is the UK data protection regulator – their details are at www.ico.org.uk . Cookie policy Our cookie policy This cookie policy applies for cookies described below which may be placed when you visit different pages on the www.vodafone.com domain for example some may be set when you first visit www.vodafone.com and then additional cookies may be placed when you move around the website to subdomains for example www.vodafone.com/business . This cookie policy does not apply to subdomains of www.vodafone.com that contain its own cookie policy. In this cookie policy we explain what cookies are, how we use them and how you can manage them for both our site and other websites you might use. What are cookies Cookies are tiny text files that are stored on your computer, tablet or mobile phone when you visit a website. The cookies mean that the website will remember you and how you've used the site every time you come back. If you want to know more about cookies, head to aboutcookies.org . (Please note: This link opens a new window or browser tab). How we use cookies We use cookies to make our website work, or work more efficiently. We also use cookies to track what you've done on the site so we can understand what you like and use or don't like and don't use to provide a more enjoyable, customised service and experience, as well as to help us develop and deliver better content, products and services tailored to our customers' interests and needs.Our cookies don't hold personal information such as your name.They simply let us find information once you're logged in or help link your browsing information to you and your personal information when you choose to register for a service, white paper or newsletter.To do this we sometimes use persistent cookies. We take looking after your personal information seriously – we're always monitoring and improving how we protect it.We've put our cookies into the following categories, to make it easier for you to understand why we need them: Strictly necessary – these are used to help make our website work efficiently;Performance – these are used to analyse the way our website works and how we can improve it for example which pages you visit the most often and if you get any error messages from web pages;Functionality – these help to enhance your experience by doing things like remembering choices you make and provide a more enhanced, personal features; andTargeting/advertising – these are used to share some information with third parties who we advertise with, so we know how you've reached our website. We can also use cookies to identify the parts of the website you are interested in. We then use this information to show you adverts and pages we think may also be of interest to you, to tailor how we communicate with you, or to tailor the contents of the communications we send to you. If you prefer, you can opt out of these. Tailoring of content means it includes information reflecting the interest you’ve shown in the content of our web pages, or offers or promotions that we think may interest you, and to improve how we respond to your needs. First Party Cookies: First party cookies originate from the same domain as the website you’re currently visiting (in this case, vodafone.com). Where it appears What it’s called What it’s used for Type vodafone.com _vapi Cookie that contains an session identifier used to authenticate the user and deliver different APIs. careers.vodafone.com JSESSIONID General purpose platform session cookie, used by sites written in JSP. Usually used to maintain an anonymous user session by the server. vodafone.com utag_main This cookie name is associated with the Tealium data platform and is used for web analytics. Investors.vodafone.com SimpleSAMLSessionID Cookie used for website session management. vodafone.com OAMAuthnHintCookie Cookie used for website authentication. Vodafone.com _cfduid Cookie associated with sites using CloudFlare, used to speed up page load times. According to CloudFlare it is used to override any security restrictions based on the IP address the visitor is coming from. It does not contain any user identification information. vodafone.com __utma This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. This cookie lasts for 2 years by default and distinguishes between users and sessions. It used to calculate new and returning visitor statistics. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. The lifespan of the cookie can be customised by website owners. Vodafone.com __utmb This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. This cookie determines new sessions and visits and expires after 30 minutes. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. Any activity by a user within the 30 minute life span will count as a single visit, even if the user leaves and then returns to the site. A return after 30 minutes will count as a new visit, but a returning visitor. Vodafone.com __utmc This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. It is not used in most sites but is set to enable interoperability with the older version of Google Analytics code known as Urchin. In this older versions this was used in combination with the __utmb cookie to identify new sessions/visits for returning visitors. When used by Google Analytics this is always a Session cookie which is destroyed when the user closes their browser. Where it is seen as a Persistent cookie it is therefore likely to be a different technology setting the cookie. Vodafone.com __utmt This cookie is set by Google Analytics. According to their documentation it is used to throttle the request rate for the service - limiting the collection of data on high traffic sites. It expires after 10 minutes. Vodafone.com __utmv This is an optional additional cookie set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour and measure site performance. This cookie is used when site owners create custom visitor-level variables for customising what can be measured. The cookie is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics.It has a default lifespan of two years, although this can be customised by site owners. Vodafone.com __utmz This is one of the four main cookies set by the Google Analytics service which enables website owners to track visitor behaviour measure of site performance. This cookie identifies the source of traffic to the site - so Google Analytics can tell site owners where visitors came from when arriving on the site. The cookie has a life span of 6 months and is updated every time data is sent to Google Analytics. Vodafone.com _ceir This cookie name is associated with software provided by Crazy Egg Inc., a USA based company providing web analytics that tracks how visitors interact with pages on a site. Vodafone.com _ga This cookie name is associated with Google Analytics: cookie is used to distinguish unique users by assigning a randomly generated number as a client identifier. It is included in each page request in a site and used to calculate visitor, session and campaign data for the sites analytics reports. Vodafone.com _gat This cookie name is associated with Google Analytics, cookie is used to throttle the request rate - limiting the collection of data on high traffic sites. Vodafone.com _gat_UA-16735252-10 This is a pattern type cookie set by Google Analytics, where the pattern element on the name contains the unique identity number of the account or website it relates to. It is a variation of the _gat cookie which is used to limit the amount of data recorded by Google on high traffic volume websites. Vodafone.com _gclxxxx Google ad conversion tracking cookie. Vodafone.com _gid This cookie name is associated with Google Analytics. It to stores and updates a unique value for each page visited. Vodafone.com _hjid Hotjar cookie. This cookie is set when the customer first lands on a page with the Hotjar script. It is used to persist the random user ID, unique to that site on the browser. This ensures that behaviour in subsequent visits to the same site will be attributed to the same user ID. Vodafone.com dtLatC This cookie name is associated with, software from Dynatrace, an application performance management (APM) software company.Their software manages the availability and performance of software applications and the impact on user experience in the form of deep transaction tracing, synthetic monitoring, real user monitoring, and network monitoring. Vodafone.com dtPC This cookie name is associated with, software from Dynatrace, an application performance management (APM) software company.Their software manages the availability and performance of software applications and the impact on user experience in the form of deep transaction tracing, synthetic monitoring, real user monitoring, and network monitoring. Vodafone.com dtSa This cookie name is associated with, software from Dynatrace, an application performance management (APM) software company.Their software manages the availability and performance of software applications and the impact on user experience in the form of deep transaction tracing, synthetic monitoring, real user monitoring, and network monitoring. This cookie is used to save action names across pages so that performance can be monitored across pages. Vodafone.com mbox Cookie set by Adobe SiteCatalyst analytics software - used for measuring the performance of page content using A/B split testing Vodafone.com rxvt This cookie name is associated with, software from Dynatrace, an application performance management (APM) software company.Their software manages the availability and performance of software applications and the impact on user experience in the form of deep transaction tracing, synthetic monitoring, real user monitoring, and network monitoring. This cookie is used to store two timestamps to determine session length and the end of a session. Vodafone.com s_fid This cookie name is associated with the analytics service provided by Adobe's Site Catalyst product suite. It is a used as a 'fall-back' visitor identifier where the s_vi cookie normally used for this purpose is blocked. It contains a randomly generated, unique id. Vodafone.com s_nr Adobe Site Catalyst cookie, stores date of visit and if visitor is new or returning. Vodafone.com s_pers Adobe Site Catalyst cookie. Vodafone.com s_sess Adobe Site Catalyst cookie. Vodafone.com s_vi Adobe Site Catalyst cookie, used to identify unique visitors, with an ID and timestamp. Vodafone.com sc.ASP.NET_SESSIONID This cookie name is associated with the SessionCam web analytics application from ServiceTick. Vodafone.com SessionCamTestCookie This cookie is used by SessionCam to help understand how the user interacts with the page.Vodafone.com rxVisitor This cookie name is associated with, software from Dynatrace, an application performance management (APM) software company.Their software manages the availability and performance of software applications and the impact on user experience in the form of deep transaction tracing, synthetic monitoring, real user monitoring, and network monitoring. vodafone.com s_lastvisit Stores the last visit by the browser to the site. workswithv.vodafone.com activeVendor Works with Vodafone cookie: recommends products that work with V by Vodafone products. vodafone.com s_lastvisit_s Stores the last visit by the user's browser to the site. investors.vodafone.com DrupalVisitorMobile Cookie used to determine if access to the website has been via a mobile device. Careers.vodafone.com __atuvc This cookie is associated with the AddThis social sharing widget which is commonly embedded in websites to enable visitors to share content with a range of networking and sharing platforms. It stores an updated page share count. Careers.vodafone.com __atuvs This cookie is associated with the AddThis social sharing widget which is commonly embedded in websites to enable visitors to share content with a range of networking and sharing platforms. Vodafone.com _gd Google Analytics session cookie used to identify user sessions. Vodafone.com _gd Google Analytics session cookie used to identify user sessions. Vodafone.com ELOQUA Eloqua Business Marketing platform - this cookie collects and transfers contact info from webforms to internal databases. Vodafone.com weird_get_top_level_domain SalesForce cookie that determines the preferred language and country settings of the user. This allows the website to show content most relevant to that region and language. events-pre.sp.vodafone.com VF-SID Cookie set by the SMAPI web performance monitoring tool. vodafone.com _ym_d Allows Yandex to collect information to understand a visitor's interaction with the website to improve the experience. www.vodafone.com dtCookie This cookie name is associated with, software from Dynatrace, an application performance management (APM) software company.Their software manages the availability and performance of software applications and the impact on user experience in the form of deep transaction tracing, synthetic monitoring, real user monitoring, and network monitoring. vodafone.com sc_visit_start Adobe Analytics AppMeasurement cookie. www.vodafone.com sc.InTg Cookie used by SessionCam, a tool for recording user browsing sessions to help identify where improvements in user experience could be made. vodafone.com _hjTLDTest Cookie set by Hotjar: a behaviour analytics company that analyses website use, providing feedback through tools such as heatmaps, session recordings, and surveys. vodafone.com _ym_visorc_47238576 Yandex cookie to allow a session replay analytics tool to function correctly. vodafone.com _ym_isad These web analytics cookies, provided by Yandex, are used to collect information about how visitors use the site. Used to compile reports and to help improve the site. vodafone.com dtCookie This cookie name is associated with, software from Dynatrace, an application performance management (APM) software company.Their software manages the availability and performance of software applications and the impact on user experience in the form of deep transaction tracing, synthetic monitoring, real user monitoring, and network monitoring. vodafone.com timestamp pageview Cookie used to record when the page was viewed in Epoch time. vodafone.com _ym_mp2_substs_47238576 These web analytics cookies, provided by Yandex, are used to collect information about how visitors use the site. Used to compile reports and to help improve the site. vodafone.com sc_ttc A type of web analytics cookie. vodafone.com test This cookie is set by DoubleClick (owned by Google) to determine if the website visitor's browser supports cookies. vodafone.com SAMESITESET Oracle cookie used for the delivery of online marketing services. vodafone.com wa_adform_info AdForm advertising cookie. vodafone.com s_adform AdForm advertising cookie. Vodafone.com _fbp Used by Facebook to deliver a series of advertisement products such as real time bidding from third party advertisers. Vodafone.com _gat_gtag_ Google Analytics cookie used to measure user interactions on websites. Vodafone.com _gat_tealium_0 Google Analytics cookie used to measure user interactions on websites. Vodafone.com _gat_ Google Analytics cookie used to measure user interactions on websites. Vodafone.com aam_uuid Adobe Audience Manager data management platform uses these cookies to assign a unique ID when a user visits a website. Vodafone.com AMCV_*%40AdobeOrg This is a pattern type cookie name associated with Adobe Marketing Cloud.It stores a unique visitor identifier, and uses an organisation identifier to allow a company to track users across their domains and services. Vodafone.com AMCVS_*%40AdobeOrg This is a pattern type cookie name associated with Adobe Marketing Cloud. The AMCVS cookie serves as a flag indicating that the session has been initialized. Its value is always 1 and discontinues when the session has ended. It is used to allow a company to track users across their domains and services. Vodafone.com ELQSTATUS Cookie set by the Eloqua Business Marketing platform. It is used to recognise unique visitors to website pages and to track the pages they visit. Third party cookies Third party cookies originate from a domain that’s different to the website being visited. For example, when you visit our website, we may link to another company's website – like our Facebook or Twitter account, or a video from our YouTube page. So, when you 'Like' or 'Tweet' an item from our website, these sites may sometimes put cookies on your computer. We don't control how they use their cookies, so we suggest you check their website to see how they're using them and how you can manage them. Affiliates of the Vodafone Group with a different domain name may also place cookies on our website, to show you adverts or pages of other Vodafone Group companies that may be of interest to you. Details of these affiliates – and how to opt-out – are included in the table. Third parties that may put cookies on our website are Where it appears What it’s called What it’s used for Type nr-data.net JSESSIONID Cookie set by New Relic: provides a platform for monitoring the performance of web and mobile applications. mc.yandex.ru yabs-sid Analytics cookie used to understand how a visitor uses a website, which are the popular pages, which have issues etc. nebula-cdn.kampyle.com kampyle_userid Medallia website survey/feedback tool cookie. nebula-cdn.kampyle.com kampyleUserSessionsCount Medallia website survey/feedback tool cookie. swiftype.com __st_user_uuid Cookie used for website search. chatlingual.com vodafoneciot.connect.cid ChatLingual cookie: lets support agents communicate instantly with customers in any language. boldchat.com bc-visit-id Cookie set by the BoldChat live chat service. vodafone.de umdid Functional cookie for identification of a user's device. boldchat.com bc-visitor-id Cookie set by the BoldChat live chat service. boldchat.com bc.visitor_token Cookie set by the BoldChat live chat service. highcharts.com __cfduid Cookie used to set a visitor id for CloudFlare to help speed up page load times. However it is set by Highcharts which is used to set-up interactive charts on web pages. js-cdn.dynatrace.com dtCookie This cookie name is associated with, software from Dynatrace, an application performance management (APM) software company. Their software manages the availability and performance of software applications and the impact on user experience in the form of deep transaction tracing, synthetic monitoring, real user monitoring, and network monitoring. fullstory.com dtPC Dynatrace web analytics/performance cookie. tags.tiqcdn.com VF-SID Cookie set by the SMAPI web performance monitoring tool. tags.tiqcdn.com dtPC Dynatrace web analytics/performance cookie. scripts.demandbase.com dtPC Dynatrace web analytics/performance cookie. js-cdn.dynatrace.com dtLatC Dynatrace web analytics/performance cookie. js-cdn.dynatrace.com rxvt Dynatrace web analytics/performance cookie. script.hotjar.com _hjCachedUserAttributes Cookie used by Hotjar: a behaviour analytics company that analyses website use, providing feedback through tools such as heatmaps, session recordings, and surveys. d2oh4tlt9mrke9.cloudfront.net sc.ASP.NET_SESSIONID Session recording analytics cookie. az416426.vo.msecnd.net ai_user Azure Application Insights cookie used for user tracking. script.crazyegg.com dtPC Dynatrace web analytics/performance cookie. d2oh4tlt9mrke9.cloudfront.net SessionCamTestCookie Session recording analytics cookie. az416426.vo.msecnd.net ai_session Azure Application Insights cookie used for session tracking. vodafone.es womtp_a2bc Walmeric phone call management tool analytics cookie. tags.tiqcdn.com VF-OPT Cookie set by the SMAPI web performance monitoring tool. thomsonreuterscorporategroupweb.d2.sc.omtrdc.net s_vi Adobe Analytics cookie used to store the Adobe Visitor ID: set by Thomson Reuters. tags.tiqcdn.com rxvt Dynatrace web analytics/performance cookie. js-cdn.dynatrace.com dtPC Dynatrace web analytics/performance cookie. fullstory.com rxvt Fullstory cookie used to analyse the visitor browsing experience to help identify issues. script.crazyegg.com rxvt Used by the CrazyEgg analytics tool to understand how visitors interact with a website. js-cdn.dynatrace.com rxVisitor Dynatrace web analytics/performance cookie.vodafone.co.uk dtCookie Dynatrace web analytics/performance cookie. js-cdn.dynatrace.com dtSa Dynatrace web analytics/performance cookie. The dtSa cookie is used to save user action names, such as Click on Login across different pages d2oh4tlt9mrke9.cloudfront.net sc.InTg SessionCam web session recording analytics cookie. s7.addthis.com __atrfs AddThis provides web widgets to enable visitors to create and share links to content across social networks. They also make use of the data collected to provide advertisers and marketers with profile information for targeted, behavioural advertising. s7.addthis.com __atuvc AddThis provides web widgets to enable visitors to create and share links to content across social networks. They also make use of the data collected to provide advertisers and marketers with profile information for targeted, behavioural advertising. s7.addthis.com __atuvs AddThis provides web widgets to enable visitors to create and share links to content across social networks. They also make use of the data collected to provide advertisers and marketers with profile information for targeted, behavioural advertising. yahoo.com A1 Cookie used by Yahoo for advertising. yahoo.com A1S Cookie used by Yahoo for advertising. yahoo.com A3 Cookie used by Yahoo for advertising. atdmt.com AA003 Atlas Solutions (now owned by Facebook) cookie, used for tracking a user's web activity and target adverts based on profiles generated using Facebook's user data. agkn.com ab Aggregate Knowledge (Neustar) cookie used by its data management platform to enable real time targeting and consumer profiling functionality. serving-sys.com ActivityInfo2 Sizmek (formerly DG MediaMind) cookie used to provide multi-platform targeted advertising services. amazon-adsystem.com ad-id Amazon cookie used as part of its affiliate marketing programme. amazon-adsystem.com ad-privacy Amazon cookie used as part of its affiliate marketing programme. adnxs.com anj AppNexus Inc. cookie used by on-line advertising technology and services. atdmt.com ATN Atlas Solutions (now owned by Facebook) cookie, used for tracking a user's web activity and target adverts based on profiles generated using Facebook's user data. yahoo.com Cookie used by Yahoo for advertising conversion tracking. linkedin.com bcookie LinkedIn Browser ID cookie used when sending requests to LinkedIn. bluekai.com bkdc BlueKai cookie used to aggregate anonymous activities and enables marketers to provide more targeted online advertising. bluekai.com bkpa BlueKai cookie used to aggregate anonymous activities and enables marketers to provide more targeted online advertising. bluekai.com bku BlueKai cookie used to aggregate anonymous activities and enables marketers to provide more targeted online advertising. www.linkedin.com bscookie LinkedIn secure browser cookie used when sending requests to LinkedIn.https://www.linkedin.com/legal/l/cookie-table adform.net cid Adform cookie used to target ads to users, to evaluate how well the ads work, and to see users’ opt-out choices. Sets an unique identifier for the user. https://site.adform.com/privacy-center/adform-cookies/ in.getclicky.com cluid Clicky cookie used to provide web analytics. adform.net CM Adform cookie used to target ads to users, to evaluate how well the ads work, and to see users’ opt-out choices.https://site.adform.com/privacy-center/adform-cookies/ adform.net CM14 Adform cookie used to target ads to users, to evaluate how well the ads work, and to see users’ opt-out choices.https://site.adform.com/privacy-center/adform-cookies/ youtube.com CONSENT Cookie set by YouTube to allow the display of embedded videos. quantserve.com Quantcast cookie used for audience segmentation to provide targeted advertising services. demdex.net demdex This cookie helps Adobe Audience Manger perform basic functions such as visitor identification, ID synchronization, segmentation, modelling, reporting, etc. demdex.net dextp This cookie helps Adobe Audience Manger perform basic functions such as visitor identification, ID synchronization, segmentation, modelling, reporting, etc. dpm.demdex.net dpm This cookie helps Adobe Audience Manger perform basic functions such as visitor identification, ID synchronization, segmentation, modelling, reporting, etc. eloqua.com ELOQUA Oracle cookie used for the delivery of online marketing services. eloqua.com ELQSTATUS Oracle cookie used for the delivery of online marketing services. everesttech.net ev_sync_dd Adobe cookie that stores information on user engagements with on-line ads. everesttech.net everest_g_v2 Adobe cookie that stores information on user engagements with on-line ads. everesttech.net everest_session_v2 Adobe cookie that stores information on user engagements with on-line ads.serving-sys.com eyeblaster Sizmek (formerly DG MediaMind) cookie used to provide multi-platform targeted advertising services. facebook.com fr Facebook cookie which contains a browser and user unique ID combination, used for targeted advertising. youtube.com GPS YouTube cookie that registers a unique ID on mobile devices to enable tracking based on geographical GPS location. yahoo.com GUC Yahoo cookie used for advertising conversion tracking. yandex.ru Cookie set by the Russian Yandex search engine for user tracking. mookie1.com id Cookie set by the Media Innovation Group for on-line advertising. doubleclick.net IDE Doubleclick cookie used to determine what areas of a website the user is browsing to determine the type of adverts they would like to see. cdn.syndication.twimg.com lang Twitter cookie used for user tracking and targeting. Helps determine the language settings of a user’s browser, to better serve relevant information in the right language. linkedin.com lang Used by LinkedIn to set its default locale/language.https://www.linkedin.com/legal/l/cookie-table ads.linkedin.com lang Cookie related to LinkedIn's marketing services to gain insight into types of users on the site based on LinkedIn profile data, to improve targeting. Used to set the default locale/language. https://www.linkedin.com/legal/l/cookie-table linkedin.com lidc Used by LinkedIn for request routing. https://www.linkedin.com/legal/l/cookie-table linkedin.com lissc LinkedIn cookie used for authentication. addthis.com loc AddThis provides web widgets to enable visitors to create and share links to content across social networks. They also make use of the data collected to provide advertisers and marketers with profile information for targeted, behavioural advertising. This cookie stores the geolocation of the link's sharer. quantserve.com mc Quantcast cookie used for audience segmentation to provide targeted advertising services. mookie1.com mdata Cookie set by the Media Innovation Group for on-line advertising. bing.com MUID Cookie used by Microsoft Advertising's click measurement processes. mookie1.com ov Cookie set by the Media Innovation Group for on-line advertising. twitter.com personalization_id Cookie used by Twitter for tracking and targeting. eloqua.com SAMESITESET Oracle cookie used for the delivery of online marketing services. tidaltv.com sync-his Cookie set by Videology for on-line advertising. taboola.com t_gid Cookie set by Taboola to assign an unique user ID used for advertising attribution and reporting purposes. taboola.com taboola_session_id Cookie set by Taboola to assign a temporary per session User ID for advertising attribution and reporting purposes. adsrvr.org TDCPM Cookie set by TheTradeDesk ad serving platform. adsrvr.org TDID Cookie set by TheTradeDesk ad serving platform. doubleclick.net test_cookie Doubleclick cookie used to determine what areas of a website the user is browsing to determine the type of adverts they would like to see. tidaltv.com tidal_ttid Cookie set by Videology for on-line advertising. agkn.com Aggregate Knowledge (Neustar) cookie used by its data management platform to enable real time targeting and consumer profiling functionality. serving-sys.com u2 Sizmek (formerly DG MediaMind) cookie used to provide multi-platform targeted advertising services. criteo.com uid Cookie that stores an user id set by the Criteo advertising platform. adform.net uid Adform cookie used to target ads to users, to evaluate how well the ads work, and to see users’ opt-out choices. Sets an unique identifier for the user.https://site.adform.com/privacy-center/adform-cookies/ linkedin.com UserMatchHistory Used by LinkedIn for ad ID syncing. https://www.linkedin.com/legal/l/cookie-table mathtag.com uuid Cookie set up MediaMath Inc. a US based digital advertising business. adnxs.com uuid2 AppNexus Inc. cookie used by on-line advertising technology and services. addthis.com uvc AddThis provides web widgets to enable visitors to create and share links to content across social networks. They also make use of the data collected to provide advertisers and marketers with profile information for targeted, behavioural advertising. This cookie is used to check how often the user interacts with AddThis. youtube.com VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE Cookie used by YouTube to store an user unique identifier to track the viewing of embedded videos. w55c.net wfivefivec Cookie used by Dataxu for on-line advertising. addthis.com xtc AddThis provides web widgets to enable visitors to create and share links to content across social networks. They also make use of the data collected to provide advertisers and marketers with profile information for targeted, behavioural advertising. yandex.ru yandexuid Cookie set by the Russian Yandex search engine for user tracking. yandex.ru ymex Cookie set by the Russian Yandex search engine for user tracking.youtube.com YSC Cookie set by YouTube when displaying embedded videos. vodafonecomprod.tt.omtrdc.net mboxPC Adobe Target personalisation cookie. cdn.taboola.com trctestcookie Advertising cookie delivered by Taboola. server.seadform.net cid Adform advertising cookie. m.exactag.com exactag_new_uk Cookie used to analyse the effectiveness of marketing campaigns. scripts.demandbase.com rxvt Demandbase marketing cookie. vodafonecomprod.tt.omtrdc.net mboxSession Adobe Target personalisation cookie. vodafone.co.uk s_ecid Adobe Experience Cloud Manager cookie set after the AMCV cookie is set by the client. The purpose of this cookie is to allow persistent ID tracking in the 1st-party state and is used as a reference ID if the AMCV cookie has expired. seadform.net uid Adform advertising cookie. Controlling your cookies You can manage your cookie preferences by accessing the preference centre below; Consent Preferences You can also manage your cookie preferences in your browser; You can control how you use cookies in your browser. If you don’t know what browser you’re using, find out by: PC users: Go to ‘Help’ in your browser and choosing ‘About’.Mac users: Click on the Apple menu and choose ‘About’. How to check cookies are enabled for PCs Google Chrome Click the menu button (three horizontal bars) at the top right of your browser window and select ’Settings’ then ‘Show advanced settings…Locate the 'Privacy' heading, and select 'Content settings'Now select 'Allow local data to be set' Microsoft Internet Explorer 11 Click on the ‘Settings’ icon (looks like a cog) at the top right of your browser window and select 'Internet options', then click on the 'Privacy' tabEnsure that your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable cookies in your browserSettings above Medium will disable cookies Mozilla Firefox Click the menu button (three horizontal bars) at the top right of your browser window and select OptionsThen select the Privacy iconClick on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set cookies' How to check cookies are enabled for Macs Safari on OX X Click on 'Safari' at the top of your browser window and select the 'Preferences' optionClick on 'Privacy'Select 'Allow from websites I visit' Block cookies If you'd like to find out how to stop websites using cookies to remember what sites you visit, choose your browser from the list. This will take you to the browser's respective page where you can manage your cookies and site data: If you change your cookie settings in your browser, your experience with us won't be tracked. Information on controlling and deleting cookies is also available at http://allaboutcookies.org Vodafone’s Privacy Policy in your country Egypt Learn More Ghana Learn More Mozambique Learn More Democratic Republic of Congo Learn More Tanzania Learn More South Africa Learn More India Learn More New Zealand Learn More Czech Republic Learn More Germany Learn More Greece Learn More Hungary Learn More Ireland Learn More Italy Learn More Luxemburg Learn More Portugal Learn More Romania Learn More Spain Learn More Turkey Learn More United Kingdom Learn More Albania Learn More Return To Map Vodafone Business - Privacy Portal Learn more Our strategy in action 8 Aug 2023 defences 2 minute read We’re improving cybersecurity at Villaggio Turistico Internazionale to better protect customer data. 22 Nov 2022 controls 5 minute read Ethical to the very core: Implementing ethical AI policies 29 Sep 2022 Taskforce 5 minute read New taskforce will support the roadmap for post-quantum cryptography and adoption across the global telecommunications supply chain 26 Aug 2021 Vodafone 2 minute read Emma Smith, Cyber Security Director at Vodafone Group talks about her role and how the industry has evolved. linkedin twitter youtube instagram facebook ©2023 Vodafone Group Vodafone Group Plc. Registered Office: Vodafone House. The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire RG14 2FN. Registered in England No 1833679 We use cookies to improve your experience on this site. Read our policyAre you looking for information about offers, devices or your account? Please choose your local Vodafone website Africa Asia Pacific Europe AboutGo to About Who we areGo to Who we are Our purposeGo to Our purpose Inclusion for allPlanetDigital SocietyTogether we canPeople and cultureGo to People and culture Workplace equalityDomestic violence and abuseFair Pay at VodafoneUK Gender Pay GapWorkplace safetyCode of ConductLeadershipGo to Leadership Board of DirectorsExecutive committeeBoard committeesWhat we doGo to What we do InnovationGo to Innovation Digital TransformationArtificial IntelligenceAugmented Virtual RealityTechnologyGo to Technology Open RAN – all you need to knowNetwork as a Platform (NaaP)5G – all you need to knowInternet of things (IoT)Next Generation Network (NGN) Connected dronesConsumer products and servicesGo to Consumer products and services Broadband and Super WiFiV by VodafoneM-PESATelevisionDevices – technical documentationBusiness products and servicesWhere we operateGo to Where we operate Vodafone in the AmericasPartner marketsGo to Partner markets Partner Markets StoriesVodafone Voice and Roaming Services Go to Vodafone Voice and Roaming Services Roaming HubTravel MobilityMaritime MobilitySponsored RoamingManaged ServicesIPX ServicesInternational VoicePrivacy PolicyHow we operateGo to How we operate Our strategyGo to Our strategy Europe consumerAfrican technology leaderVodafone BusinessPublic PolicyGo to Public Policy Shaping the future of connectivityRural.connectedEurope.connectedAfrica.connectedPolicy positions and reportsPolicy focusSuppliersGo to Suppliers Suppliers purpose overviewSupplier ethicsPolicies and requirementsVodafone Procurement CompanyVodafone Pass partner portalSupplier management helpVodafone Autonomous Procurement PlatformVodafone Business Product & Services IoT E2E Solutions Consumer privacy and cyber securityGo to Consumer privacy and cyber security Data principlesPrivacy centreCyber securityCost of livingCOVID-19Reporting centreGo to Reporting centre Government assistance demands reportingTax and Economic ContributionGo to Tax and Economic Contribution Vodafone's tax principles and strategyVodafone corporation taxCorporate responsibilities and obligations Vodafone, Luxembourg and tax havensMultinationals, governments and taxTax and emerging marketsPolitical and tax policy advocacyUK Gender Pay GapSustainability reportsSustainable BusinessGo to Sustainable Business Our purpose pillarsGo to Our purpose pillars Inclusion for allGo to Inclusion for all Inclusion for all - Rural connectivityEnhancing digital skills for the future Financial inclusionSupporting jobseekersBringing mobile to more womenWorkplace EqualityPlanetGo to Planet Net zero by 2040Helping society to decarboniseBuilding a circular economyReducing emissions in our operationsReducing scope 3 emissionsDigital SocietyGo to Digital Society Supporting small businessesRevolutionising healthcareDigitalising agriculture Creating smart citiesOur contribution to UN SDGsOperating responsiblyGo to Operating responsibly Human rightsGo to Human rights Our policyManaging human rightsOur impactsHandling government demandsGo to Handling government demands Challenges for operatorsManaging government demandsOur principles and policiesGovernment assistance demands reporting Responsible supply chainGo to Responsible supply chain How we manage our Supply ChainEngaging with our suppliersChild rights and online safetyGo to Child rights and online safety Useful resources for child online safetyAnti-bribery & corruptionMobiles, masts and healthGo to Mobiles, masts and health Is 5G safe to use?Our commitments and goalsIndependent research How the technology worksHealth: the science and evidenceSustainability ReportingNewsGo to News CategoriesGo to Categories Corporate and FinancialDigital SocietyInclusionPlanetProductsPublic PolicyServicesTechnologyVodafone FoundationFor JournalistsVisual AssetsCampaigns & EventsGo to Campaigns & Events Vodafone’s Digital Enabler ShowcaseMobile World Congress (MWC)Global Citizen: Our 2020 heroesContact usInvestorsGo to Investors Annual report 2023Vodafone BusinessGo to Vodafone Business Business continuity security resilienceEfficient operationsEnhanced customer experienceHealthy and productive workforceCareersGo to Careers _VOISVodafone Foundation Go to Vodafone Foundation About Vodafone FoundationFocus AreasGo to Focus Areas Apps against abuseSkillsUpload EuropeDreamLabGo to DreamLab AlbaniaCzech RepublicDemocratic Republic of the CongoGermanyGhanaGreeceIrelandLesothoMozambiqueNetherlandsPortugalTanzaniaSouth AfricaSpain TurkeyUKEmployee FundraisingGirls and MobileInstant Network SchoolsInstant Schoolsm-mamaVodafone VolunteersOur Impact Countries Search Report a vulnerability Reporting vulnerabilities We value the expertise and help of the cyber security community in helping us maintain our high security standards.You can use this site to report any suspected security vulnerabilities related to our services or products. If you are aware of a vulnerability that could affect Vodafone’s services or products, please contact us via the link disclosed under “How to Report a Vulnerability”. Our security specialists will review all submissions and, where required, work with you to make sure we are able to fix any potential issues as quickly as possible. Rules of engagement Vulnerability disclosure policy guidelines As a responsible member of the cyber security community, your expertise can help us fix potential issues faster and more effectively. If you find a suspected vulnerability relevant to Vodafone, please let us know so we can fix the problem as soon as possible. Finder responsibilities Do submit your reports in EnglishDo exercise caution and restraint with regard to personal data and do not intentionally engage in attacks against third parties, social engineering, denial-of-service attacks, physical attacks on any Vodafone property or spamming or otherwise causing a nuisance to other users.Do provide Proof-of-Concept or sufficient information to enable reproduction of the vulnerability, so that it can be verified, reproduced, and possible remedies identified. Generally, identification of the vulnerable target, a description of the vulnerability and operations carried out to exploit the vulnerability are sufficient, but more details and information might be required in the case of complex vulnerabilities. Do not abuse the vulnerability by causing disruption through your actions.Do not share information about the vulnerability with others until it has been resolved in accordance with the Vodafone Responsible Disclosure policy timeframes.Do submit one vulnerability per report, unless you need to chain vulnerabilities to provide impact. Vodafone responsibilities Treat submitted reports confidentially and will not share the finder’s personal details with third parties without their authorisation, unless required in order to do so to comply with legal obligations.Resolve all submitted reports as quickly as possible.Vodafone do not operate a bug bounty or hall of fame programme. Non-qualifying vulnerability submissions When reporting vulnerabilities, please consider (1) attack scenario / exploitability, and (2) security impact of the bug. The following issues are considered out of scope: Clickjacking on pages with no sensitive actionsCross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) on unauthenticated forms or forms with no sensitive actionsAttacks requiring MITM or physical access to a user's device.Previously known vulnerable libraries without a working Proof of Concept.Comma Separated Values (CSV) injection without demonstrating a vulnerability.Missing best practices in SSL/TLS configuration.Any activity that could lead to the disruption of our service (DoS). Content spoofing and text injection issues without showing an attack vector/without being able to modify HTML/CSSRate limiting or bruteforce issues on non-authentication endpointsMissing best practices in Content Security Policy.Missing HttpOnly or Secure flags on cookiesMissing email best practices (Invalid, incomplete or missing SPF/DKIM/DMARC records, etc.)Vulnerabilities only affecting users of outdated or unpatched browsers [Less than 2 stable versions behind the latest released stable version] Software version disclosure / Banner identification issues / Descriptive error messages or headers (e.g. stack traces, application or server errors).TabnabbingOpen redirect - unless an additional security impact can be demonstratedIssues that require unlikely user interactionStatic resources / public information "exposed" in storage bucketsPhysical attacks towards any Vodafone property Reporting other non-vulnerability issues If you want to report any other type of issue not related to security, please refer to the support or contact pages of the relevant Vodafone Local Market, Vodafone Partner Market or Vodafone Business website. How to report a vulnerability Please help us by providing as much information as possible about the problem you have discovered. If you have not yet done so, please remember to review our rules and guidelines previously announced before submitting the information here . linkedin twitter youtube instagram facebook ©2023 Vodafone Group Vodafone Group Plc. Registered Office: Vodafone House. The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire RG14 2FN. Registered in England No 1833679 We use cookies to improve your experience on this site. Read our policyAre you looking for information about offers, devices or your account?Please choose your local Vodafone website Africa Asia Pacific Europe AboutGo to About Who we areGo to Who we are Our purposeGo to Our purpose Inclusion for allPlanetDigital SocietyTogether we canPeople and cultureGo to People and culture Workplace equalityDomestic violence and abuseFair Pay at VodafoneUK Gender Pay GapWorkplace safetyCode of ConductLeadershipGo to Leadership Board of DirectorsExecutive committeeBoard committeesWhat we doGo to What we do InnovationGo to Innovation Digital TransformationArtificial IntelligenceAugmented Virtual RealityTechnologyGo to Technology Open RAN – all you need to knowNetwork as a Platform (NaaP)5G – all you need to knowInternet of things (IoT)Next Generation Network (NGN) Connected dronesConsumer products and servicesGo to Consumer products and services Broadband and Super WiFiV by VodafoneM-PESATelevisionDevices – technical documentationBusiness products and servicesWhere we operateGo to Where we operate Vodafone in the AmericasPartner marketsGo to Partner markets Partner Markets StoriesVodafone Voice and Roaming Services Go to Vodafone Voice and Roaming Services Roaming HubTravel MobilityMaritime MobilitySponsored RoamingManaged ServicesIPX ServicesInternational VoicePrivacy PolicyHow we operateGo to How we operate Our strategyGo to Our strategy Europe consumerAfrican technology leaderVodafone BusinessPublic PolicyGo to Public Policy Shaping the future of connectivityRural.connectedEurope.connectedAfrica.connectedPolicy positions and reportsPolicy focusSuppliersGo to Suppliers Suppliers purpose overviewSupplier ethicsPolicies and requirementsVodafone Procurement CompanyVodafone Pass partner portalSupplier management helpVodafone Autonomous Procurement PlatformVodafone Business Product & Services IoT E2E Solutions Consumer privacy and cyber securityGo to Consumer privacy and cyber security Data principlesPrivacy centreCyber securityCost of livingCOVID-19Reporting centreGo to Reporting centre Government assistance demands reportingTax and Economic ContributionGo to Tax and Economic Contribution Vodafone's tax principles and strategyVodafone corporation taxCorporate responsibilities and obligations Vodafone, Luxembourg and tax havensMultinationals, governments and taxTax and emerging marketsPolitical and tax policy advocacyUK Gender Pay GapSustainability reportsSustainable BusinessGo to Sustainable Business Our purpose pillarsGo to Our purpose pillars Inclusion for allGo to Inclusion for all Inclusion for all - Rural connectivityEnhancing digital skills for the future Financial inclusionSupporting jobseekersBringing mobile to more womenWorkplace EqualityPlanetGo to Planet Net zero by 2040Helping society to decarboniseBuilding a circular economyReducing emissions in our operationsReducing scope 3 emissionsDigital SocietyGo to Digital Society Supporting small businessesRevolutionising healthcareDigitalising agriculture Creating smart citiesOur contribution to UN SDGsOperating responsiblyGo to Operating responsibly Human rightsGo to Human rights Our policyManaging human rightsOur impactsHandling government demandsGo to Handling government demands Challenges for operatorsManaging government demandsOur principles and policiesGovernment assistance demands reporting Responsible supply chainGo to Responsible supply chain How we manage our Supply ChainEngaging with our suppliersChild rights and online safetyGo to Child rights and online safety Useful resources for child online safetyAnti-bribery & corruptionMobiles, masts and healthGo to Mobiles, masts and health Is 5G safe to use?Our commitments and goalsIndependent research How the technology worksHealth: the science and evidenceSustainability ReportingNewsGo to News CategoriesGo to Categories Corporate and FinancialDigital SocietyInclusionPlanetProductsPublic PolicyServicesTechnologyVodafone FoundationFor JournalistsVisual AssetsCampaigns & EventsGo to Campaigns & Events Vodafone’s Digital Enabler ShowcaseMobile World Congress (MWC)Global Citizen: Our 2020 heroesContact usInvestorsGo to Investors Annual report 2023Vodafone BusinessGo to Vodafone Business Business continuity security resilienceEfficient operationsEnhanced customer experienceHealthy and productive workforceCareersGo to Careers _VOISVodafone Foundation Go to Vodafone Foundation About Vodafone FoundationFocus AreasGo to Focus Areas Apps against abuseSkillsUpload EuropeDreamLabGo to DreamLab AlbaniaCzech RepublicDemocratic Republic of the CongoGermanyGhanaGreeceIrelandLesothoMozambiqueNetherlandsPortugalTanzaniaSouth AfricaSpain TurkeyUKEmployee FundraisingGirls and MobileInstant Network SchoolsInstant Schoolsm-mamaVodafone VolunteersOur Impact Countries Search Consumer privacy and cyber security Our approach to consumer privacy and cyber security Vodafone has strict governance processes and controls in place to protect our customers’ personal data, respect their privacy and proactively manage the cyber security risks that face businesses today.Our commitment to privacy and security is a vital part of our responsibility to our customers and is central to our Code of Conduct that everyone who works for us and on our behalf must follow. A global approach to managing our customer’s privacy Our privacy approach is governed by an unwavering respect for an individual’s right to privacy. From ownership and oversight by senior management to robust assurance, elements include: A member of the Group ExCo oversees Vodafone’s privacy programme. A global privacy officer, ultimately reporting to ExCo, manages the programme at Group level. At a local level, accountability for the implementation of the privacy programme sits with the local operating company. Each market has a local ExCo-level owner and a privacy officer tasked with implementing the programme locally, with a dotted line to the global privacy officer. Group and local operating companies each have a privacy steering committee that brings together privacy and security teams, and a senior person from each of the relevant business departments (e.g. commercial, technology, HR and finance). Detailed key performance indicators are reported regularly to senior management. We actively engage with stakeholders, includingcivil society, academic institutions, industry andgovernment, to share our expertise and bestpractices with others, to contribute to thediscussions that shape public policy and to learnfrom others. Each Vodafone entity has numerous systems forprocessing personal data, and all high-riskprocesses are subject to regular testing. Newproducts, services and operations undergoprivacy by design and assurance processes toensure that possible privacy risks are identifiedand mitigated. Detailed personal data processingregisters and data-retention practices aremaintained and updated continuously. Oursupplier compliance processes mean we onlyappoint suppliers that meet our privacystandards. Big data analytics use cases are subject to privacyand ethics reviews to identify and mitigatepossible privacy or data ethics challenges. Datascientists sign up to our Code of Ethics forAnalysts before they are given access to ouranalytics platform. When we are required tobalance the right to privacy against otherobligations in support of a free and securesociety, we work to minimise privacy impacts. Our privacy notices provide straightforward, easyto understand and relevant information to ouremployees and customers. Our permissionmanagement platforms enable our customers tocontrol how Vodafone uses their data. We alsopublish extensive information about ourapproach to managing governments requests foraccess to customer data. Visit our dedicated privacy centre Protecting our employee and customer information. Our Purpose is to enable connectivity in society and as a provider of critical national infrastructure, we recognise the importance of cyber and information security. No organisation, government or person will ever be fully immune to cyber-attacks, and the telecommunications industry is faced with a unique set of risks as we provide connectivity services and handle private communication data. Learn about our approach to cyber security Your opinion matters to us Was this page helpful? Yes No linkedin twitter youtube instagram facebook ©2023 Vodafone Group Vodafone Group Plc. Registered Office: Vodafone House. The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire RG14 2FN. Registered in England No 1833679 We use cookies to improve your experience on this site. Read our policyAre you looking for information about offers, devices or your account?Please choose your local Vodafone website Africa Asia Pacific Europe AboutGo to About Who we areGo to Who we are Our purposeGo to Our purpose Inclusion for allPlanetDigital SocietyTogether we canPeople and cultureGo to People and culture Workplace equalityDomestic violence and abuseFair Pay at VodafoneUK Gender Pay GapWorkplace safetyCode of ConductLeadershipGo to Leadership Board of DirectorsExecutive committeeBoard committeesWhat we doGo to What we do InnovationGo to Innovation Digital TransformationArtificial IntelligenceAugmented Virtual RealityTechnologyGo to Technology Open RAN – all you need to knowNetwork as a Platform (NaaP)5G – all you need to knowInternet of things (IoT)Next Generation Network (NGN) Connected dronesConsumer products and servicesGo to Consumer products and services Broadband and Super WiFiV by VodafoneM-PESATelevisionDevices – technical documentationBusiness products and servicesWhere we operateGo to Where we operate Vodafone in the AmericasPartner marketsGo to Partner markets Partner Markets StoriesVodafone Voice and Roaming Services Go to Vodafone Voice and Roaming Services Roaming HubTravel MobilityMaritime MobilitySponsored RoamingManaged ServicesIPX ServicesInternational VoicePrivacy PolicyHow we operateGo to How we operate Our strategyGo to Our strategy Europe consumerAfrican technology leaderVodafone BusinessPublic PolicyGo to Public Policy Shaping the future of connectivityRural.connectedEurope.connectedAfrica.connectedPolicy positions and reportsPolicy focusSuppliersGo to Suppliers Suppliers purpose overviewSupplier ethicsPolicies and requirementsVodafone Procurement CompanyVodafone Pass partner portalSupplier management helpVodafone Autonomous Procurement PlatformVodafone Business Product & Services IoT E2E Solutions Consumer privacy and cyber securityGo to Consumer privacy and cyber security Data principlesPrivacy centreCyber securityCost of livingCOVID-19Reporting centreGo to Reporting centre Government assistance demands reportingTax and Economic ContributionGo to Tax and Economic Contribution Vodafone's tax principles and strategyVodafone corporation taxCorporate responsibilities and obligations Vodafone, Luxembourg and tax havensMultinationals, governments and taxTax and emerging marketsPolitical and tax policy advocacyUK Gender Pay GapSustainability reportsSustainable BusinessGo to Sustainable Business Our purpose pillarsGo to Our purpose pillars Inclusion for allGo to Inclusion for all Inclusion for all - Rural connectivityEnhancing digital skills for the future Financial inclusionSupporting jobseekersBringing mobile to more womenWorkplace EqualityPlanetGo to Planet Net zero by 2040Helping society to decarboniseBuilding a circular economyReducing emissions in our operationsReducing scope 3 emissionsDigital SocietyGo to Digital Society Supporting small businessesRevolutionising healthcareDigitalising agriculture Creating smart citiesOur contribution to UN SDGsOperating responsiblyGo to Operating responsibly Human rightsGo to Human rights Our policyManaging human rightsOur impactsHandling government demandsGo to Handling government demands Challenges for operatorsManaging government demandsOur principles and policiesGovernment assistance demands reporting Responsible supply chainGo to Responsible supply chain How we manage our Supply ChainEngaging with our suppliersChild rights and online safetyGo to Child rights and online safety Useful resources for child online safetyAnti-bribery & corruptionMobiles, masts and healthGo to Mobiles, masts and health Is 5G safe to use?Our commitments and goalsIndependent research How the technology worksHealth: the science and evidenceSustainability ReportingNewsGo to News CategoriesGo to Categories Corporate and FinancialDigital SocietyInclusionPlanetProductsPublic PolicyServicesTechnologyVodafone FoundationFor JournalistsVisual AssetsCampaigns & EventsGo to Campaigns & Events Vodafone’s Digital Enabler ShowcaseMobile World Congress (MWC)Global Citizen: Our 2020 heroesContact usInvestorsGo to Investors Annual report 2023Vodafone BusinessGo to Vodafone Business Business continuity security resilienceEfficient operationsEnhanced customer experienceHealthy and productive workforceCareersGo to Careers _VOISVodafone Foundation Go to Vodafone Foundation About Vodafone FoundationFocus AreasGo to Focus Areas Apps against abuseSkillsUpload EuropeDreamLabGo to DreamLab AlbaniaCzech RepublicDemocratic Republic of the CongoGermanyGhanaGreeceIrelandLesothoMozambiqueNetherlandsPortugalTanzaniaSouth AfricaSpain TurkeyUKEmployee FundraisingGirls and MobileInstant Network SchoolsInstant Schoolsm-mamaVodafone VolunteersOur Impact Countries Search Cyber security Our approach to cyber security Our Purpose is to enable connectivity in society and as a provider of critical national infrastructure, we recognise the importance of cyber and information security.No organisation, government or person will ever be fully immune to cyber-attacks and the telecommunications industry is faced with a unique set of risks as we provide connectivity services and handle private communication data. Our networks connect millions of people, homes, businesses and things to each other and the internet. The security of our networks, systems and customers is a top priority and a fundamental part of our company Purpose. Our customers use Vodafone products and services because of our next-generation connectivity, but also because they trust that their information is secure. Operating model We have implemented an operating model based on the leading industry security standards published by the US Department of Commerce, specifically the National Institute of Standards and Technology. We have an international team of over 800 employees who are focused on constantly monitoring, protecting and defending our systems and our customers’ data. We also work with third party experts and consultants, to maintain specialist skills and continue to follow leading practice. Our scale means we benefit from global collaboration, technology sharing, deep expertise and ultimately have greater visibility of emerging threats. Although the Cyber team leads on detect, respond and recover, preventative and protective controls are embedded across all our technology and throughout the entire business. Vodafone Cyber Code Every employee has responsibility for cyber security and must follow the Vodafone Cyber Code, be sensitive to threats and report suspicious activity. Embedded in our Code of Conduct, the Cyber Code is the cornerstone of how we expect all employees to behave when it comes to best practice in cyber security. It consists of seven areas where employees need to follow security good practice. Read more on Vodafone’s Cyber Code on page 20 of our Code of Conduct. Read more on Vodafone’s Cyber Code How we manage cyber security risks Managing cyber security risks and threats is fundamental to maintaining the security of our services across every aspect of our business. To help us identify and manage emerging and evolving risks, we constantly evaluate and challenge our business strategy, new technologies, government policies and regulation, and cyber threats. We conduct regular reviews of the most significant security risks affecting our business and develop strategies to detect, prevent and respond to them. Our cyber security approach focuses on minimising the risk of cyber incidents that affect our networks and services. Understanding the threat landscape is key to managing cyber risk. Over the course of 2020, two of the biggest cyber security threats faced by all organisations significantly increased – phishing and ransomware attacks. Cyber criminals exploited the emotion and uncertainty associated with the pandemic to deceive users into engaging with malicious emails or pay a sum of money to regain access to systems. Cyber criminals also increasingly targeted smaller suppliers to large organisations as a way to more easily compromise their targets. Organisations across all industries also continued to experience other forms of threats, such as sophisticated espionage attempts and the exploitation of unpatched vulnerabilities. Governance The Group’s Chief Technology Officer is the Executive Committee member responsible for managing the risks associated with cyber threats and information security. The Vodafone Cyber Security Director is responsible for managing and overseeing the cyber security programme on a day-to-day basis and reports to the Chief Technology Officer. Cyber threats and information security are a major area of focus for the Audit and Risk Committee and detailed updates including threat landscape, risk position and security programme progress are provided at least twice a year. The Board is also regularly updated on cyber security matters. What security controls we have in place Controls can prevent, detect or respond to risks. Most risks and threats are prevented from occurring or will be detected before they cause harm and need a response. A small minority will need recovery actions. We use a common global framework called the Cyber Security Baseline and it is mandatory across the entire Group. The baseline includes key security controls which significantly reduce cyber security risk, by preventing, detecting or responding to events and attacks. Our framework was initially developed based on an international standard mapped to our key risks in the way that provides the most comprehensive protection. Each year, we review the framework in the light of changing threats and create new or enhanced controls to counter these threats. A dedicated assurance team reviews and validates the effectiveness of our security controls, and our control environment is subject to regular internal audit.The security of our global networks is also independently tested every year to assure we are maintaining the highest standards and our controls are operating effectively. We maintain independently audited information security certifications, including ISO 27001, which cover our global technology function and 15 local markets. We comply with local requirements or certifications and actively contribute to consultations and debates with regard to laws and regulations that aim to improve and assure the security of communications networks. New technologies We adopt new technologies to better serve our customers and gain operational efficiency. For every technology programme, new or existing, we follow our Secure by Design process, evaluating suppliers' hardware and software, modelling threats and understanding the risks before designing and implementing the necessary security controls and testing them. Every new mobile network generation has brought increased performance and capability, along with new opportunities in security. 5G improves existing security, with additional protection against threats such as location tracking, call or message interception and modification of network traffic. Similarly, 5G includes enhanced features to protect signalling between different operators' networks, which helps prevent tracking or interception while roaming. Vodafone is working at pace to embed these new security features into our 5G network deployments. Getting the right security by design across all operators is vital as 5G and other mobile technologies will connect billions of devices. Vodafone has helped establish the GSMA IoT Security Guidelines, and the accompanying self-assessment scheme. Where we work with partners or third parties to build and deploy IoT solutions, we also advocate the approach co-developed between Vodafone and Consumers International, as seen in their publication of the Consumer IoT Trust by Design Guidelines. We also track and monitor potential future threats to our networks, systems and customers, such as quantum computing and its effect on encryption. While such a risk is not specific to Vodafone, we have started work to address the potential negative effects and maintain a robust level of encryption that is quantum safe within our network and systems. Cyber incidents As a global connectivity provider, we are subject to cyber threats, the vast majority of which are identified, blocked or mitigated by our robust control environment without any impact. Where a security event occurs, we have a consistent incident management framework and an experienced team to manage our response. The focus of our incident responders is always fast risk mitigation and customer security. We actively engage with stakeholders, including academic institutions, industry, and government, in order to protect Vodafone, respond to cyber threats and work together to share best practice. Given our expertise and extensive experience, we also engage with a wide range of organisations to help improve the understanding of cyber security thinking and practice, and contribute to public policy, technical standards, information sharing and analysis, risk assessment, and governance. Visit our dedicated privacy centre Study In December 2020, ho.Mobile suffered a data breach and part of a database holding customer data was accessed by a third-party; no financial information, passwords, or mobile traffic data Read more… Report a Vulnerability We value the expertise and help of the cyber security community in helping us maintain our high security standards. You can use this site to report any suspected security vulnerabilities related to our services or products. Report linkedin twitter youtube instagram facebook ©2023 Vodafone Group Vodafone Group Plc. Registered Office: Vodafone House. The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire RG14 2FN. Registered in England No 1833679 We use cookies to improve your experience on this site. Read our policy