Úvodní stránka Zavřít menu Hlavní menu HomepageCallingInternetPhonesSupportBusinessVyhledávání My Vodafone Menu Personal Data Protection Curious about how we collect, use and protect your personal information? Then please read this guideline on personal data protection along with the General Terms and Conditions for Provision of Telecommunication Services of Vodafone Czech Republic as well as the terms and conditions that apply to individual products and services. Vodafone Czech Republic. (hereafter just Vodafone) is committed to protecting your personal data according to the law on electronic communication (Nr. 127/2005), as well as the law on protection of personal data (Nr. 101/2000), including all amendments. You can visit our public web and WAP sites, talk to Vodafone Sales and corporate store representatives without revealing any personal data. When you give us personal data when ordering products and services, talking to our reps or taking part in one of our marketing campaigns and offers, rest assured we will only use this information within the limits set by law on the protection of personal data. The information you give is used merely to set up and maintain contact between you and Vodafone. If you become a Vodafone subscriber, we may ask you to provide us with additional personal data. In such case, we will always inform you in advance about how and for what purpose your data will be used. At the same time, we will ensure that your data will only be used in ways consistent with the Czech laws and your interests. Personal Data Your personal data will be used with your knowledge and permission only for the purpose of ordering or using products and services provided by Vodafone, or requesting data on products or services. Permission to provide personal data can also be granted by responding to our messages, surveys etc. Personal data that we are allowed to collect includes your name and permanent address or birth number. In case you take upon some of Vodafone´s marketing offers, we are also allowed to process your data necessary for performance and control of the conditions stipulated in the rules of such marketing offer about which you will be informed in advance. Additionally, you can also provide us with data on your age, phone number and e-mail address, lifestyle or other personal data provided upon registration or in surveys. If you decide to disclose your personal information, your data will only be used for the purpose stated at the time the data was collected and in line with the conditions you expressed. General Information on Visitors We can also collect information on your visits to our web sites, WAP and other similar sites according to your activities on our on-line system. This information is not of personal nature and does not establish your identity. This may include information on your visits to web sites and the products and services you have browsed through or ordered. Collecting this sort of information helps us develop and modify our services to match your individual needs and preferences and to offer you customized services in the future. This data is labelled as confidential and is handled accordingly, especially if it is utilized in connection with a Subscriber's name and address for the purpose of providing "services per order". Use of Information We can only use your data for purposes related to provision of services to yourself, which includes processing orders, concluding contracts, managing and administrating your customer account, provision of services and products, or, as the case may be, data you have requested or responses to your complaints or inquiries about your account. Based on data collected, we can also analyse your usage of Vodafone's services and products and contact you by mail, phone, SMS, E-mail, fax, pager WAP and Internet (depending on your preferences and with your prior consent) with questions regarding development of new products and services and special promotions. We can also provide you with data about the products and services of third parties that were carefully selected to work with Vodafone, and supply you with promotional and marketing information on such third parties, without actually providing your personal data to the latter. For instance, we can send you such information in the form of bill insert or to your personal Internet or WAP site, depending on your preferences and interests that you have expressed. Also, we can inform you about the products and services prepared for our customers in agreement with the third parties that may be of interest to you. Before you provide your personal data please read these guidelines. By providing your personal data, you agree to the rules set forth herein. You can contact us at any time and request that your personal data be removed from the lists complied for marketing purposes or that it be updated.You can also let us know how you wish to receive data on our products and services, as well as the products and services of third parties, or notify us of the purposes that you want your data to be used for - the choice is up to you. You have probably noticed that since September 2004 Vodafone's advertisement SMS include the text "Obch. sdeleni-zrus na *077" or its abbreviated version "OS-zrus na *077". This is the way that Vodafone tells you that the SMS sent is a business communication (VodafoneOS) and that sending business communication messages can be cancelled. So if you prefer not to receive Vodafone news, offers and business communication via SMS, you can cancel them. Just call Vodafone Care (*077) and tell our reps about it. They will take care of the rest. And of course, calling Vodafone Care is free of charge! Publication Your personal and/or account data can only be disclosed and revealed in cases required by laws under the terms set forth herein. Please note that VodafoneMobil will not sell your personal data or provide it to third parties (other than in ways set out in the previous paragraph), unless VodafoneMobil receives your prior consent or unless such publication is necessary for provision of services or products you have ordered or are currently using. Access to your Data For additional data about what kind of data we can collect or processed, please contact the Personal Data Protection Manager of Vodafone at Vinohradska 167, 100 00 Praha 10. If you believe that we process your personal data contrary to the laws specified above, you are entitled to ask us for explanation or elimination of the state occurred, in particular, for correction, addition or cancellation of your data. When contacting us, please state your name and address along with your phone number and/or account number. List of personal data processors a) Processors that print and dispatch documents or goods to Customers Česká pošta, s.p. with its registered office at Praha 3, Olšanská 38/9, 225 99, Business Identification No.: 47114983, registered in the Commercial Register maintained with the Prague Municipal Court under the file number A. 7565 RM-S HOLDING, a.s. , with its registered office at Praha 9, Libeň, Podvinný mlýn 2178/6, 190 00, Business Identification No.: 00025500, registered in the Commercial Register maintained with the Prague Municipal Court under the file number B.495. XEROX CZECH REPUBLIC s.r.o. , with its registered office at Vinohradská 2828/151, 130 00 Praha 3, Business Identification No.: 481 09 193, registered in the Commercial Register maintained with the Prague Municipal Court under the file number C.15969 b) Processors that collect Customers´arrears B4B INKASSO s.r.o. with its registered office at Havířov - Podlesí, Okrajová 1636/4c, 736 01, Business Identification No.: 26794845, registered in the Commercial Register maintained with the Ostrava Regional Court under the file number C. 25460 Český inkasní servis, spol. s r.o. , with its registered office at Praha 1, Václavské náměstí 66, 110 00, Business Identification No.: 27065162, registered in the Commercial Register maintained with the Prague Municipal Court under the file number C. 93708. Roman Majer JUDr. , with its registered office at Krakovská 1256/24, Praha 1, 110 00, Business Identification No.: 45417491, no. of certificate of bar association: 3051 c) third parties co-operating with Vodafone on marketing or business issues Millward Brown Czech Republic, s. r. o. office its registered office at Praha 1, Klimentská 10/1207, 110 00 , Business Identification No.: 25782606, registered in the Commercial Register maintained with the Prague Municipal Court under the file number C. 69790 Contactel s.r.o. , with its registered office at Vinohradská 174, 130 19 Praha 3, Business Identification No: 25733621, registered in the Commercial Register maintained with the Prague Municipal Court under the file number C.65338. InterCom Praha, agentura pro marketing, komunikaci a sponsoring, spol s.r.o. , with its registered office at Korunní 31,120 00 Praha 2, Business Identification No.: 48108804, registered in the Commercial Register maintained with the Prague Municipal Court under the file number C. 15924. Proximity Prague s.r.o. , with its registered office at Praha 6, Gotthardská 8/28, , Business Identification No.:48582085, registered in the Commercial Register maintained with the Prague Municipal Court under the file number C 17442. SYMBLAZE Praha s.r.o. , with its registered office at Praha 4, Na Nivách 1043/16, 140 00, Business Identification No.: 26702703, registered in the Commercial Register maintained with the Prague Municipal Court under the file number C. 88406. Farm CZ s.r.o.with its registred office at Praha 9, Hloubětínská 1, Business Identification No.: 27419304, registred in the Commercial Register maintained with the Prague Municipal Court under the file number C 111523. d) third parties providing services to the Customer by means of Vodafone´s network Mobivillage SA , a company incorporated in England, whose registered office is at ZAC Saumaty - L’Estaque, 8 rue Jean-Jacques Vernazza 13016 Marseilles, France, Business Identification No.: 433 028 636 MAFRA, a.s. , with its registered office at Karla Engliše 519/11, 150 00 Praha 5 - Smíchov, Business Identification No.: 45313351, registered in the Commercial Register maintained with the Prague Municipal Court under the file number B 1328. TANGER computersystems s. r. o. , with its registered office at Keltičkova 1298/62, PSČ 710 00, Ostrava, Business Identification No.: 479 75 067, registered in the Commercial Register maintained with the County Court in Ostrava under the file number C 5616. NERIS s. r. o. , with its registered office at Opletalova 5, 110 00 Praha 1, Business Identification No.: 257 54 670, registered in the Commercial Register maintained with the Prague Municipal Court under the file number C 67250. RINGIER ČR a.s. , with its registered office at U Průhonu 800/13, 170 00 Praha 7, Business Identification No.: 407 66 713, registered in the Commercial Register maintained with the Prague Municipal Court under the file number B 867. iCom Vision s.r.o. , with its registered office at Krejčího 2279/6, 180 00 Praha 8, Business Identification No: 265 09 628, registered in the Commercial Register maintained with the Prague Municipal Court under the file number C 86671 e) Vodafone Group Plc companies for the purpose of ensuring technical and administrative support when providing the Services to the Customer VODAFONE GROUP SERVICES LIMITED , a company incorporated in England, whose registered office is at Vodafone House, The Connection, Newbury, Berkshire, RG14 2FN, England f) third parties for the purpose of ensuring technical and administrative support when providing the Services to the Customer IBM Česká republika, spol. s r.o. , with its registered office at V Parku 22944, 148 00 Praha 4 Chodov, Business Identification NoIČ: 14890992 , registered in the Commercial Register maintained with the Prague Municipal Court under the file number C 692. Amobee, Inc. , with offices at 3 Twin Dolphin Drive Suite 260, Redwood City, CA 94065, United States And whom else we can hand over your data? Your personal data can be handed over to other personal data administrators. In such a case, your personal data can be handed over only with your express approval. Thus everything is up to you. A list of personal data administrators whom your personal data can be handed over is as follows: Home Credit a.s. If you decide to buy from us a handset on the instalment plan through a credit provided by Home Credit a.s. (information about the sale on the instalment plan can be find here , we will hand over your data provided to us for the purpose of the credit contract conclusion to Home Credit a.s. You will provide your approval when filing a request for the credit contract conclusion, however before that you will be informed about all facts relating to your personal data handing over. Data Collection While you surf the Internet, you can collect and share a large amount of information without even knowing about it. That is, this information is collected and shared for you by cookies, Internet tags or the web beacon. For example, the URL of the page you have just left is carried over to the new page you open, along with your IP address and current browser version. If you want, you can set up your browser to notify you whenever it sends cookies, or simply turn off cookies. In this case, however, you have to resign yourself to the fact that some functions will simply no longer work. And what exactly is a cookie, anyway? It is a part of the information that the website sends to your browser. The page can then remember information about your selections. So-called “Session Cookies” make up temporary information that improves website navigation. They are erased the moment you turn off your browser or computer. “Persistent Cookies” are more permanent data placed on your hard drive. They remain there until you erase them. They can store personal information, but only if you agree to it. The Internet Protocol address, the so-called IP address, is assigned to your computer by your Internet connection provider. Usually it is dynamic. That means that it changes with each connection to the Internet. It is used, for example, in diagnosing problems on the server and for website administration. Internet tags are smaller than cookies and tell the website server, for example, the IP address and browser type. They can be placed in online ads, where they link the user to a website.They show how many times a given site was opened and what information interested you. Get in touch with Vodafone Česky Copyright © 2023 Vodafone Czech Republic a.s. 3rd place in Edenred wwellbeing award TOP Responsible Company 2022 1st place in category Telecommunications Best in Test 2020 Vodafone has the First Green Network Vodafone Cookies We would like to use various types of cookies so that our website works well and you enjoy its content. By clicking on Allow all you will let us use cookies for functional, analytical and marketing purposes on this device. By clicking on Detailed settings , you can determine which cookies can be processed, or disable their processing completely. For more information on the processing of personal data, see the Statement . More information about cookies and the possibility to change their settings find in the Cookie Policy .Úvodní stránka Zavřít menu Hlavní menu HomepageCallingInternetPhonesSupportBusinessVyhledávání My Vodafone Menu Security Vodafone makes every effort to ensure that your personal data is properly and lawfully protected. At Vodafone, we have dedicated teams that continuously check the processing of your personal data, resolve discrepancies and continuously work to enhance security in accordance with relevant legal regulations. The security of our systems is also very important given the fact that Vodafone is part of the critical infrastructure of the state. Last but not least, the security of your data is one of the highest priorities of the global Vodafone Group, which is why the security measures are on a really high level and in line with the latest recommendations. Similarly, when your personal data is processed by one of our suppliers, we ensure that their security rules for personal data processing are in line with Vodafone's high standards, i.e. that they contain appropriate security requirements, for example, for securing data access, data transmission or employee training. We regularly check compliance with these requirements. The suppliers process your personal data only for contractually defined purposes and for the necessary period of time. Vodafone holds the Information Security Management System Certificate ISO/IEC 27001 and "D" classification level certificate from the National Security Authority of the Czech Republic. Security of your personal data Considering the condition of technology devices, costs, nature, extent, context and purpose of your personal data processing, as well as the potential and serious risks to your rights and freedoms, we apply the appropriate technical and organizational measures in order to ensure security of your personal data. These measures help us to ensure the continued confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of the systems and services when processing your personal data. Read more Vodafone has set up processes for regular testing, assessment and evaluation of the effectiveness of established technical and organizational measures to ensure security of the processing. Through our " Security and Privacy by Design " process, we assess every new product, service, project or internal process within the company and every major change to current products and processes to ensure that your personal data is secure and processed in accordance with applicable legislation. We also manage the sharing of your personal data within the company and Vodafone Group very rigorously. Where it is efficient and technically feasible, we use the following security methods: Aggregation - detailed sensitive information is replaced with less detailed information.Anonymization - removing or hiding data that either directly identifies a person or could easily be used to identify that person.Data masking - replacing sensitive data values with specified or random data that is unrelated to the input.Encryption - sensitive input value (data) is encrypted in various ways.Pseudonymization - replacing specific identification fields with another identifier (pseudonym) created specifically for this purpose. Tokenization - any output in which de-identified information is stored in a repository along with the input value that generated it. Mobile communications security Vodafone provides mobile services in accordance with international standards for GSM services under the applicable Electronic Communications Act. According to international standards, the GSM network is designed for the transmission of unclassified messages with short-term validity, i.e. this can be interpreted to mean that no calls subject to any level of classification should be handled within the GSM network without additional security measures. Standard encryption algorithms are used to transmit communications between the mobile device and the network. If, in an exceptional case, there is a specific risk of a breach of network security in relation to the protection of your privacy, we will inform you immediately, as well as of any remedies available. Security of Internet services To ensure the security of our internet services, Vodafone implements measures according to the highest international standards and certificates. The level of security is also subject to regular internal and external audits. To ensure that we are able to meet the highest standards of security for our Internet services, we use technologies such as advanced firewalls, web application firewalls, encryption of data flows within applications, multi-factor authentication, DDOS protection, advanced global cybersecurity monitoring, security zoning, security patching and other globally standardised cyber protection tools and methods.Read more However, when securing Internet services, it is important to remember that if you are using your own devices, or if the devices supplied by us are under your administrative control, it is important that you also place sufficient emphasis on the security of these devices. Otherwise, we are unable to ensure the complete security of the Internet services provided to you. Security of your data beyond our control Our website or the content you access using our products and services may contain links to third party websites or, for example, social network plug-ins such as Google, Facebook, Twitter, SDK, beacons, etc. The operator of such websites is responsible for the security and content of such websites. We therefore recommend that you familiarise yourself with the privacy policy of the respective operator beforehand and keep your data safe. Also, please be aware that if you connect your device to wireless networks via WiFi, we are unable to provide sufficient security for communications between your device and this WiFi. Password In order to access the customer account, a password may be generated for the customer to communicate with the operator. This password is sent to the customer via SMS when the customer account is created. To ensure maximum security of the customer account, we recommend that you change this automatically generated password as soon as possible. When changing the password, it is necessary to choose a sufficient password containing 6 - 15 numeric characters without using descending or ascending character sets, combinations of the same numeric characters and other easily guessable combinations. Read more Vodafone staff in bricks-and-mortar stores and call centres does not have access to your full password. They can only ask for two digits, which are randomly determined by the system, for your authentication and cannot influence the choice of these digits. To protect your password, we recommend that you only ever state these required digits. The customer password must be protected and not disclosed to third parties. This will ensure that no one can access your account. Protect your password, as anyone who proves your password may be deemed to be authorised to act for the customer. It should be remembered that if unauthorised access to a customer's account occurs due to a weak password or because the password has been given to a third party, Vodafone cannot be held liable for any damage incurred in such a case. In the event that you forget your password, you will be asked to answer pre-defined and randomly selected questions to help us authenticate you in an alternative way. After completing the alternative authentication, you will be sent a newly generated administrator password. Again, we recommend that you change this generated password to a password that is easier for you to remember while meeting the password security requirements. Password levels To ensure higher level of security for customer account access, there are different levels of permissions. Each of these permissions is assigned its own password, and we will make a determination as to the validity of your request based on the password you provide to us. For example, while the Administrator password allows you to fully manage your account, including ordering new services and accessing most data, the user password is limited to operations related to a specific phone number without the ability to order new services. Administrator Password Administrator Password is common to the entire customer account - it can be used to log in under any phone number on that account. It provides full control over the entire account and all its phone numbers. It is possible to order new services, change the settings of existing services, change addresses and other data on the customer account. In general, any changes affecting the amount of the bill must be made using the administrator password. You also have the ability to change the value of passwords of all levels using the administrator password. User password User password is required for each phone number and allows you to make only basic changes to your customer account. It is mainly used to access information about the phone number and to view the Smart Overview, i.e. your current spending. If you authenticate with this level of password when communicating with the operator, some of your requests will not be able to be processed if they are requests that can only be processed with a higher level of authorisation. Payer password Payer password is optional and provides full control over a group of telephone numbers grouped under one billing number. It is therefore a kind of intermediate step between a user password and an administrator password. It is ideal for those customers who, for example, have multiple separate units within their organisation.If there is a customer account for a large company that has branches all over the country, a payer password will allow the responsible person to be able to manage services, billing, etc. for just one branch without having access to manage the customer account for the entire company. This level of password can also be useful for large family accounts. E-mail login E-mail login allows you to manage multiple customer accounts within a single profile. For more information about how to use E-mail login, please refer to your internet self-service. To log in by using e-mail, you choose e-mail and password to log in. The password you choose has to fulfill at least 3 of 4 conditions – small letter, large letter, number or special character. The minimum lenght of the password is 8 characters. The password you choose for e-mail login is not processed by Vodafone in its customer systems and therefore cannot be used to authenticate you when talking with customer service line or in stores . The passwords listed above, which you can find in your e-mail login, are used for authentication when you call the customer service line or visit our stores. The login details for the e-mail login are therefore only used to log in to the internet self-service. We would also like to point out that if you decide to activate e-mail login, the original numeric password will no longer be valid for logging in to the internet self-service . As stated above, other passwords will remain valid for authentication when communicating with our customer service line and visiting our stores. You may also select the two-factor authentication option within e-mail login. My Vodafone mobile application login You can use any of the above passwords in combination with your phone number or e-mail login to log in My Vodafone mobile application. In My Vodafone mobile application, you can choose to log in permanently; if you do so, you will not need to enter your login details every time you use the application However, please note that if you use the persistent login option, it may be possible that a third party who has access to your mobile device will be able to access the app and make changes to your services without your knowledge. Vodafone cannot be held responsible for any damage that may occur in such a case. You can also use biometric authentication such as fingerprint or facial recognition to log in the mobile application In this case, Vodafone does not process your biometric data, but only uses the already built-in authentication functionalities of your mobile devices from Google, Apple and others. Login to other applications such as Vodafone TV, Automanažer, Vodafone Gallery and others is described in detail in the terms and conditions or instructions of these services. These login details are not used to communicate with the operator, only to log in to these applications. However, it is still important to protect these passwords and not to disclose them to third parties and to always choose a sufficiently strong and unique password. Get in touch with Vodafone Česky Copyright © 2023 Vodafone Czech Republic a.s. 3rd place in Edenred wwellbeing award TOP Responsible Company 2022 1st place in category Telecommunications Best in Test 2020 Vodafone has the First Green Network Vodafone Cookies We would like to use various types of cookies so that our website works well and you enjoy its content. By clicking on Allow all you will let us use cookies for functional, analytical and marketing purposes on this device. By clicking on Detailed settings , you can determine which cookies can be processed, or disable their processing completely. For more information on the processing of personal data, see the Statement . More information about cookies and the possibility to change their settings find in the Cookie Policy .Privacy Protection We have created the following text to inform you about how we process your personal data and protect your privacy. The protection of your privacy, including your personal, traffic and location data, is very important to Vodafone Czech Republic a.s., with its registered office at náměstí Junkových 2808/2, Stodůlky, 155 00 Prague 5, ID No. 25788001, VAT No. CZ25788001, registered in the Commercial Register maintained by the Municipal Court in Prague, file No. B 6064 (hereinafter "Vodafone"). Vodafone not only actively monitors the development of Czech and EU legislation in order to implement all requirements imposed by law, but also actively pursues the area of data protection and security, for example, by having a person holding the position of "Data Privacy Officer" who is an employee equipped with sufficient competences to influence the operation of new and existing services and offers in order to ensure the maximum possible level of privacy protection for our customers. Vodafone is committed to protecting your personal data and complies with applicable legislation, in particular Act No. 127/2005 Coll., Electronic Communications Act, as amended, Regulation (EU) 2016/679 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data and repealing Directive 95/46/EC (General Data Protection Regulation), Act No. 110/2019 Coll, Personal Data Processing Act and Act. No. 480/2004 Coll., on Certain Information Society Services Act, as amended, the Civil Code and other related legislation (hereinafter jointly the "Act"). Privacy Notice Your privacy is a priority for us. Learn how we process and protect your personal data. More about data protection Security We have dedicated teams that continuously monitor the processing of your personal information. More about safety Cookies Policy on the use of cookies and other online tools Our cookies Additional information And what else might interest you about your privacy? Find out more Additional information about the processing of personal data in relation to specific services and products And what else might interest you related to specific services and products? Find out more Get in touch with Vodafone Česky Copyright © 2023 Vodafone Czech Republic a.s. 3rd place in Edenred wwellbeing award TOP Responsible Company 2022 1st place in category Telecommunications Best in Test 2020 Vodafone has the First Green Network Vodafone Cookies We would like to use various types of cookies so that our website works well and you enjoy its content. By clicking on Allow all you will let us use cookies for functional, analytical and marketing purposes on this device. By clicking on Detailed settings , you can determine which cookies can be processed, or disable their processing completely. For more information on the processing of personal data, see the Statement . More information about cookies and the possibility to change their settings find in the Cookie Policy .