All your questions answered in our frequently asked questions section... Enjoy quality discount phone service for your residence and home business... Learn what we can do for your business. Save up to 60% off traditional phone service... Over 30 calling features come free with residential and business service... Sign-up today and start saving money on your phone services... Expand your business communcations with VoIP Much Conferencing... Host your phone system in the cloud with the VoIP Much Virtual PBX... We Respect Your Right To Privacy VoIP Much Phone Company Inc. ("VoIP Much") strongly believes in your right to privacy, and is committed to the preservation of your right through the implementation of this Privacy Policy. We have structured this policy to reflect this core belief and provide accountability to you for the information we collect about you, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. We collect information from users and members of our site. Except as set forth within this Privacy Policy, the Terms and Conditions and other published guidelines, we do not release personal identifying information about users or members of our site without their permission. By using this web site, you consent to the collection and use of personal and non-personal identifying information by VoIP Much. VoIP Much reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy from time to time by notifying you via this web site, and you are advised to review this page regularly for any changes. When we do, we will post a prominent notification on our main page. This Privacy Policy was last updated on July 9, 2001. It is important that you review the VoIP Much Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions prior to registering or using this web site. In particular, please note the Disclaimer, which shall also apply to this Privacy Policy. What type of information do we gather? We gather two types of information about the users and members of our site: 1. Personal identifying information 2. Non-personal identifying information Personal Identifying Information Any personal identifying information required is collected only when you knowingly and willingly provide it. We will explicitly ask for information that personally identifies you. Specifically, this personal identifying information is requested when you are registering for a service or logging into a personal account. Required information will range from basic contact information, to payment information. Non-personal Identifying Information Non-personal identifying information is collected with each visit to the web site and may provide us with the following information; which pages were visited, which hyperlinks were clicked, which operating system and browser software was used. This non-personal identifying information allows us, to among other things; monitor site traffic, internal operations, identify areas and services of our site that are most popular, and determine the effectiveness of our services and promotions. This information also provides a means by which we can compile and perform statistical analyses of the overall characteristics and general behaviour of the users of our site. We may on occasion use this non-personal identifying information to provide statistical information to advertisers, affiliates, and other current and potential promotional partners. When will we share and disclose personal identifying information? VoIP Much reserves the right to disclose personal identifying information when a user or member is in violation of our Terms and Conditions, or other published guidelines. We may also disclose such information in response to court orders, governmental orders, civil subpoenas, discovery requests, and any other requests required by law as they relate to hosting, e-commerce, or any other services we provide. We also reserve the right to report any suspected illegal activity to law enforcement for investigation or prosecution, or to suspend or terminate your membership in connection with any suspected illegal activity. Links to third party sites This web site may contain links to third party web sites.VoIP Much is not responsible for the Privacy Policies and how such third parties collect, use or disclose your personal information, so you should review such third parties Privacy Policies before providing them with your personal information. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact policies@voipmuch.com . This Privacy Policy was last updated on February 10, 2012. Call Toll-Free Now: +1-844-711-VOIP VoIP Much Phone Company Inc © 2012-2023, All rights reserved. Go Green with VoIP Much Phone Company and paperless billing. We're offline Leave a message