About Overview Our Services Team Products Networked Audio Smart TV and Home Video Mobile and Tablet Automotive PC and Cloud Music Game Consoles Partners Contact Check out our huge station list! Privacy Policy Privacy Statement for https://www.vtuner.com vTuner has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: http://www.vtuner.com. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to gather broad demographic information. Our site's Newsletter registration form requires users to give us name and email address. We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings. Station selections are tracked for popularity purposes. No customer profiling is done. This site contains links to other sites. https://www.vtuner.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. Ads may contain cookies, and appear to be coming from our site, but in reality they are coming from our partners who are serving ads on our site. Our site does not use cookies. We do not have access to any information about you from cookies you might receive while visiting our site. Some demographic data is shared with the advertising companies. Public Forums This site makes message boards available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. Contacting the Web Site If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact: vTuner Nothing Else Matters Software, Ltd., 104 Bellerose Avenue, East Northport, New York 11731 631-261-5536 privacy@vtuner.com Privacy Statement for vTuner Windows Plus & vTuner Windows Free vTuner has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this application. Our program registration form requires users to give us their name and email. A unique number identifier is automatically generated. We use customer contact information from the registration to send the user important program update information or warnings when necessary. User station selections are compiled by vTuner. This is done to aggregate the broad demographic information about user preferences and for measuring station popularity. No individual customer profiling is done. When vTuner is first installed general hardware information such as CPU type, video resolution and memory are compiled by vTuner. This is used gather broad demographic information about user trends, to help our development team and technical support. This program contains links to other sites. https://www.vtuner.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. Public Forums This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. Contacting vTuner If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact: vTuner Nothing Else Matters Software, Ltd., 104 Bellerose Avenue, East Northport, New York 11731 631-261-5536 privacy@vtuner.com Let's talk Internet Radio Contact us to learn more about vTuner. contact us Home About: • Overview • Our services • Team Products: • Networked Audio • Smart TV & Home Video • Mobile and Tablet • Automotive • PC and Cloud Music • Game Consoles Partners Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright 2023 Nothing Else Matters Software All rights reserved.