Privacy Policy Privacy Policy Download Translations Last Updated: July 5, 2023 This Privacy Policy explains how Fandango Media, LLC and its subsidiary companies, including the businesses operating under the Fandango, FandangoNOW, Vudu, Rotten Tomatoes, Flixster, Movieclips, Movies.com, Activaterewards.com, MovieTickets.com, or M-GO brands (“Fandango”, “we”, “our” or “us”), collect, use, and share information from or about you when you use our websites, downloadable applications, interactive TV applications, voice-activated skills, other digital services, connected devices, and off-line services that link to this policy, or if you generate ratings/reviews/public comments/content on our properties or engage in business with us (the “Services”). Note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to our movie ticketing business that operates in Latin America, as that business has a separate privacy policy. Our Owners When the Services receive or collect information, that information is being received and collected, and will be owned, by Fandango and each of “Fandango's Owners” (i.e., each company that has an ownership interest in Fandango). While Fandango's use, handling, disclosure and practices with respect to that information will be governed by this Privacy Policy, each Fandango’s Owners’ use, handling, disclosure and practices with respect to that information will be governed by that Fandango’s Owners’ privacy policy. Fandango's Owners are currently NBCUniversal and Warner Bros. If you want to learn more about the privacy practices of NBCUniversal and Warner Bros., we encourage you to review their policies (linked below): PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY TO UNDERSTAND HOW WE HANDLE YOUR INFORMATION. BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THAT WE WILL COLLECT, USE AND SHARE YOUR INFORMATION AS SET FORTH BELOW. Table of Contents 1. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND PURPOSES The tables below explain the categories of information we collect and the purposes for which we use them. Please note that we may use any or all of this information to comply with the law, detect or prevent fraud, for safety and security purposes, and to defend our legal rights. Further detail about each of the purposes is set out in the “Additional information on purposes of use” table below.Swipe left & right to read table Contact and account registration information For example: name, email, postal address, telephone number, account user name and password, business contact information, and any information you may provide to us at an event or in person. Provide the ServicesPersonalize your experienceSend you Fandango marketing and advertisingProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSafety and securityBuild and manage business-to-business relationshipsMarket and advertise for third parties Identification information, demographics, and interests For example: as permitted by law, date of birth, race*, ethnicity*, gender, interests, lifestyle information, school and sports information, photos, social media credentials, including identification information about friends, contacts or referrals you provide. Provide the ServicesPersonalize your experienceSend you Fandango marketing and advertisingProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSafety and securityMarket and advertise for third parties Saved Preferences For example: when you save on the Services your favorite theaters, favorite movies or genres, or city or zip code theater preferences. Provide the ServicesPersonalize your experienceSend you Fandango marketing and advertisingProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSafety and securityMarket and advertise for third parties Transactional For example: credit/debit card details, other payment details (e.g., PayPal, Venmo), purchase history, delivery address, membership information, reservations and other appointment or travel-related information, meal preferences, loyalty program memberships or subscriptions for companies or services other than Fandango, and the personal details of any of your guests. Provide the ServicesPersonalize your experienceSend you Fandango marketing and advertisingProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSafety and securityMarket and advertise for third parties User-generated content For example: photos, videos, audio, and other information you may submit to us, such as ratings/reviews or comments on our forums. Provide the ServicesPersonalize your experienceSend you Fandango marketing and advertisingProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSafety and securityMarket and advertise for third parties Research and feedback For example: comments that you send us through online forms and social media platforms, by email, over the phone, by mail, or in surveys. Provide the ServicesPersonalize your experienceSend you Fandango marketing and advertisingProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesProtect our users, Services and propertiesMarket and advertise for third parties Biometric identifiers* For example: as permitted by law, facial scans or fingerprints. Provide the ServicesPersonalize your experienceProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSafety and security Health data* For example: as permitted by law, vaccine or symptom related information. Provide the ServicesSafety and security Audio and video For example: audio recordings of customer service calls or security video footage if you visit one of our properties. Provide the ServicesPersonalize your experienceSafety and security Swipe left & right to read table Device information and identifiers For example: IP address, cookie IDs, browser type and language, operating system, platform type, device type, and advertising and app identifiers. Provide the ServicesPersonalize your experienceSend you Fandango marketing and advertisingProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSafety and securityMarket and advertise for third partiesBuild and manage business-to-business relationships Connection and Usage (including information collected through cookies) For example: domain names, browsing activity, scrolling and keystroke activity, theaters searched, locations searched, movies searched, shows viewed, movie trailers or other advertisements viewed, forms or fields you complete or partially complete, search terms, whether you open an email, content you view and duration, quality of the service and interaction with the content, logs, and other similar information.If these events occur while you are offline, they may be logged and uploaded to us when you next connect. Provide the ServicesPersonalize your experienceSend you Fandango marketing and advertisingProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSafety and securityMarket and advertise for third partiesBuild and manage business-to-business relationships Geolocation* For example: city, state and ZIP code associated with your IP address or derived through Wi-Fi triangulation. We will ask for your permission before using your precise location from GPS-based functionality on your mobile devices. Provide the ServicesPersonalize your experienceSend you Fandango marketing and advertisingProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSafety and securityMarket and advertise for third partiesBuild and manage business-to-business relationships Swipe left & right to read table Information from public and commercial sources For example: demographic (including at a household level), contact information, information about other members of your household, inferences about your preferences, viewing and other consumption choices, loyalty program memberships or subscriptions for companies or services other than Fandango, and purchasing data. Provide the ServicesPersonalize your experience and make recommendationsSend you Fandango marketing and advertisingProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesBuild and manage business-to-business relationshipsMarket and advertise for third partiesSafety and security Advertising providersAnalytics providersMarketersPartners (such as for sweepstakes partners)Consumer data resellers Public records databasesContent partners Social Media Information For example: if you interact with us through a social media service or log in using social media credentials, depending on your social media settings, we may have access to your information from that social network, such as your name, email address, friend list, photo, age, gender, location, birthday, social networking ID, current city, your comments about the Services, and the people/sites you follow. Provide the ServicesPersonalize your experienceSend you Fandango marketing and advertisingProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesMarket and advertise for third partiesSafety and security Social media networksPartners of social media networksAdvertising providersAnalytics providersMarketersPartners (such as for sweepstakes partners)Consumer data resellers Third Party Partners in Connection with Providing the Services For example: contact information such as authentication information, account legitimacy, search requests, log events, loyalty and membership information, and device identifiers such as IP addresses, device IDs or other unique identifiers. Provide the ServicesPersonalize your experienceProvide seamless experience across platforms and devicesSafety and securitySend you Fandango marketing and advertisingMarket and advertise for third parties Payment Service ProvidersTV or Internet Service ProvidersMedia Companies, Streaming Media Device Providers or RetailersMobile Phone CarriersMovie Theaters *Please note: this information is considered “sensitive” under certain laws, and we process this information in accordance with applicable legal requirements. Swipe left & right to read table Business contact information For example: company name, your name, email address, and job. Build and manage business-to-business relationships YouYour companyTrade associationsSocial mediaBusiness data resellers Transactional information For example: bank details of suppliers, credit/debit card details, purchase history, delivery address. Build and manage business-to-business relationships YouPublicly available sources Demographics For example (as permitted by law): ethnicity (minority owned businesses), gender (women-owned businesses). Build and manage business-to-business relationships YouYour company Due diligence information For example: contact information, nationality (as permitted by law), job title, age, date of birth, gender, country of residence, employment and education information, public, religious, political or trade union role (each as permitted by laws), personal and professional affiliations, connections to criminal activities or offenses related to money laundering. Compliance and risk management activities for business-to-business relationshipsBuild and manage business-to-business relationships You or your company’s responses to our due diligence questionsThird party risk, compliance screening and data validation tools and databases, such as those provided by LexisNexis Risk Solutions.Click here for more information. Events Information For example: travel information including passport and visa, meal preferences and restrictions, payment details, and guest’s details. Build and manage business-to-business relationships YouYour company Social Media and Lifestyle Information For example: if you interact with us on social media or other platforms as an influencer or an athlete, we may have access to your name, photos, age, gender, location, birthday, social networking ID, current city, interests, lifestyle information, list of followers, engagement with your posts, school and sports information. Build and manage business-to-business relationships YouYour companyYour representativeYour sponsor and other partners, such as marketplacesSocial media networks Additional information on purposes of use Provide the Services, for example: responding to your requests or inquiries, including technical supportfulfilling orders you have placedsending you service-related communicationsauthenticating you or verifying your identitycoordinating the Services or fulfillment with other providersproviding ticketing, payment services, mapping guidance, and offersdisplaying content you generate, such as video and commentscarrying out research and analytics for uses including improving the Services and developing new ones processing your information for promotional campaigns such as sweepstakes and contests, and for surveys, online and offline panels and focus groups Personalize the experience, for example: providing you with customized product experience, including personalized newsletters, viewing and other content recommendations from our partners and other organizations.creating and updating profiles and audience segments that can be used for analytics, interest-based advertising and marketing on the Services, television, third party services and platforms, mobile apps and/or websites, connected devices and offline using inferences about your preferences and interests for any and all of the above purposes Send you Fandango marketing and advertising, for example: sending you customized newsletters, surveys and information about products, services and promotions offered by Fandango (with your consent where required) based on your activities and interests including at a household levelproviding you with Fandango advertising, including targeted advertising, based on your activities and interests (including at a household level) Provide a seamless experience across platforms and devices, for example: identifying you when you log into the Services on multiple devices or web browsers to provide continuity and to match your interests across devices for the purposes of analytics, advertising, reporting and to improve the Servicesidentifying you if your devices have attributes suggesting that they may be used by the same individual or household for purposes of analytics, advertising, reporting and to improve the Services Build and manage business-to-business relationships, for example: pursuing potential business opportunities, including identifying and contacting the correct person within the companysending communications for business purposesmanaging customer, supplier and other business relationshipssending event invitations, marketing emails and campaigns, and tracking the effectiveness of such communicationsissuing or paying invoices, and fulfilling contractual commitments providing business contacts with access to our systems, and managing that accesscommunicating with you as an influencer about a shared social media campaign, and associated analytics Market and advertise for third parties, for example: send you newsletters, promotional emails, surveys and information about products, services and promotions offered by our partners and other organizations with which we workcustomize content that our third-party partners deliver on the Services (e.g., targeted third-party advertising) create and update inferences about you and audience segments that can be used for interest-based advertising and marketing on the Services, third party services and platforms, and mobile appscreate profiles about you, including adding and combining information we obtain from third parties and matching your interests across devices, which may be used for third-party marketing and advertising, including targeted advertising, on the Services, television, third party services and platforms, mobile apps and/or websites, connected devices and offline Compliance and risk management activities for business-to-business relationships, for example: compliance with laws and regulationsmanaging third party and other risks to our businessprotecting the reputation of our businessesfollowing the principles of ethical business conduct set out in our Code of Conduct Safety and security purposes, for example: protecting the safety and security of users and visitors to the Servicesprotecting our digital and physical properties detecting and preventing other activities that may be illegal or in violation of our terms of serviceprotecting against threats to our talent, leadership, workforce and organization We may combine all the information we collect from or receive about you for the outlined purposes.We may aggregate or deidentify your information and may use, share, rent or sell aggregated or deidentified information for any purpose, and such information is not subject to this Privacy Policy. Sale of Personal Information: If you, or someone acting on your behalf, would like to request that we do not sell your personal information, you can either click here for such request, or send an email to donotsell@fandango.com. You will also need to clear your cookies and re-set your MAIDs, if referenced in the link. For more information about how to opt-out of receiving targeted advertising from certain third party advertisers, please see our Cookies Notice . 2. WHEN WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION We may disclose your information to: Theaters and Event Providers: We may share information so that they may admit you, or address customer service issues at the theater or venue, or help process your ticketing or transactions, or otherwise to fulfill the Services. Advertisers, Advertising Networks, and Other Third Parties: We may disclose information about how you use the Services and interact with content or ads to better tailor services, products, marketing and advertising on the Services and on third-party platforms. To enable these purposes, we may share certain demographics and interest information, user-generated content, device information and identifiers, connection and usage data, geolocation data, public and commercial information, and social media information. These third parties may use their own tracking technologies to collect or request information about you, please see our Cookies Notice for details. Partners : We may disclose your information to certain third-party partners. Depending on the partnership, we may disclose certain information including contact information (at your direction), identification and demographic and interest information, transactional information, user-generated content that you provide, research and feedback, device information and identifiers, connection and usage information, public and commercial information, and social media information. Partners may use your information pursuant to their own policies. We may also share your information with third parties that provide video locker services if you purchase a movie or other show to view at home. Examples of such a third party would be Movies Anywhere. Similarly, we may share your information with the providers of loyalty programs if you take an action in the Services indicating that you would like to obtain a benefit under such a program through activity on the Services. Partners may use your information pursuant to their own policies. For instance, when you direct us to disclose your personal information to another company to fulfill your request, such as: If you enter a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by a third party, we may disclose the information you provide for that entry with the sponsor. When you book travel packages with us that include goods or services provided by third-party partners, such as airlines, ground transportation providers, third-party hotels, and travel insurance providers. For service authentication. If you make a purchase for a third-party product in one of our online shops, we may disclose the information you provide to allow for the fulfillment of that order. Social Networks: We may disclose your information to social media platforms for example, if you click on a Facebook “like” button on the Services, the “like” may appear on your Facebook account. Or you may choose to provide information directly on these platforms using sharing plug-ins. To control this sharing of information, please review and adjust your privacy settings for the relevant social network. Depending on your privacy settings and actions on such network, we may disclose contact information, identification and demographic and interest information, user-generated content, device information and identifiers, connection and usage data, and social media information.Service Providers: We engage vendors to perform services for business purposes on our behalf and provide information to them to enable them to provide us with such services, including research and analytics, hosting, transaction and payment processing, promotion administration, fraud prevention, identity management, acquisition and other services. Service providers may use such information for their operational purposes in order to provide their services to us. Research and Measurement Companies: We may provide information about content you view on the Services with video measurement services such as Nielsen TV Ratings, as well as other analytics providers. See Your Rights and Your Choices sections for more information. Search Engines : You may be able to engage with other members of the Services or the public. This may make the name and photo associated with your profile and any comments or user-generated content you provide visible to other members of the Services or the general public. If the information is available to the general public, it may also be searchable by search engines. Law Enforcement, Regulators, Anti-fraud Coalitions and Other Groups : We disclose any of the categories of information we collect, as appropriate, with these third parties in order to: protect and enforce the legal rights, privacy, and safety of ourselves and our visitors; protect against possible fraud or other illegal activity; respond to requests from government and other authorities; and otherwise comply with legal process. Other Sharing : We may provide connection and usage information about you, often along with a hashed or masked identifier (contact information), with third parties such as partners and social networks to inform the advertising and other offers we send you and for advertising measurement or analytics. With your appropriate consent when required, and consistent with applicable law, we may disclose your video viewing behavior with third parties including service providers, advertising companies, analytics partners, and social media sites. Sale or Transfer of All or Part of Our Business or Assets : In the event that Fandango (or any Fandango business) is involved in a merger, acquisition, transfer of control, bankruptcy, reorganization or sale of assets, we may sell or transfer the information described in this Privacy Policy as part of that transaction or diligence associated with or in contemplation of such matters. Incentive Programs (California Residents Only) The Services may offer opportunities to receive certain services or benefits such as discounts or free or extended services (such as bonus streaming time or additional videos), which may require the provision of personal information. Such opportunities could be considered a financial incentive under applicable law (each, an “Incentive Program”). When you participate in an Incentive Program, you agree to the terms of that Incentive Program, and may revoke your participation in the Incentive Program depending on the Incentive Program (e.g., by opting out of emails or terminating a streaming service). To the extent we can determine the value of your information, we consider the value of providing you with a more personalized experience as well as the expenses we incur in providing Incentive Programs that are reasonably related to the costs associated with offering the incentives. 3. LEGAL BASIS FOR USE OF YOUR INFORMATION Laws other than the federal, state and local laws of the United States do not apply to our watch-at-home movie Services (e.g., FandangoNOW/M-GO and Vudu) as content from those Services can be viewed only in the United States. Similarly, for our movie ticketing Services (e.g., Flixster, Fandango.com and MovieTickets.com), the only laws that shall apply are the laws of the countries in which the theaters ticketed by each respective Service are located. The information set forth below in this section is applicable only to European Users of Rotten Tomatoes. It supplements certain sections of this Privacy Policy and provides additional information that should be read together with other sections of this Privacy Policy. To the extent there is any conflict between this section and another section of this Privacy Policy, this section shall govern. When this policy mentions “Fandango”, “we”, “our” or “us”, it refers to the company or companies responsible for your information under this Privacy Policy (or “Data Controller”). This includes Fandango Media, LLC and Fandango’s Owners (as defined above), currently NBCUniversal, LLC and Warner Bros (please see above for further information on these companies).The laws of some jurisdictions, such as the European Union, the UK, or Brazil, require companies to tell you about the legal basis for using, sharing, or disclosing your information. To the extent those laws apply, we may rely on the following legal bases: Performance of a contract: where use of your information is necessary to provide you with the Services under a contract, for example the terms of service. Legitimate interest: where use of your information is necessary for our or others’ legitimate interests and where the use is not outweighed by your rights and interests. Below are some examples of such interests: providing the Servicesimproving the Services and developing new ones recognizing and better understanding our users, including across platformsconducting security and fraud prevention activitiesmarketing and promoting our content and servicesbuilding and managing business-to-business relationshipsconducting compliance and risk management activities providing and managing access to our systems Legal obligation: where use of your information is necessary to comply with laws and regulations such as those relating to anti-bribery and corruption and anti-money-laundering, complying with requests from government bodies or courts, or responding to litigation. With consent: we may ask for your consent to process your information in a certain way. Where we rely on this basis, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time – please see the Your Rights and Your Choices sections below to do this. How Long We Keep Your Information We will keep your information only for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purposes described above, unless a longer retention is required or permitted by law. In determining how long to retain information, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of the information, the purposes for which we process the information, applicable legal requirements, and our legitimate interests. The purposes for which we process information (as well as the other factors listed above) may dictate different retention periods for the same types of information. For example, we retain your email address as an authentication credential (where applicable) as long as you have an account with us and an additional period of time after that for our legitimate interests and for our fraud and legal compliance purposes. If you opt out of email marketing, we maintain your email on our suppression list for an extended time to comply with your request. We may delete or de-identify your information sooner if we receive a verifiable deletion request, subject to exemptions under applicable law. The retention period that applies to your information may vary depending on the Services you use and how you interact with them. In addition, in the event you have an account that holds credits, point balances or other entitlements, we may continue to hold the account to allow you to obtain the benefit in accordance with the relevant terms and conditions. 4. CHILDREN The Services are not designed or intended for use by children under 13, and thus if you are under 13 we ask that you do not use the Services or provide us with any information. If we discover that we have inadvertently gathered any such information then we will, to the extent required by law, delete such information from our records. There is one exception to this: when children's content is viewed within the Vudu service, the Vudu Children's Privacy Policy shall apply. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child under 13 has provided us with information without his or her consent, he or she should contact us at privacy@fandango.com . If we knowingly collect personal information on a child-directed service or from a user we have actual knowledge is a child, we will retain that information only so long as reasonably necessary to 1) fulfill the request or allow the child to participate in the activity, 2) ensure the security of our users and our online services, and/or 3) as required by law. If we learn we have collected personal information from a child in a manner inconsistent with COPPA's requirements, we will either delete that personal information or seek parental consent. 5. YOUR RIGHTS Depending on where you live, you may have certain rights with respect to your information. You have the right not to be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising your rights under some local laws such as in California.For example, under local laws, including in the European Union, you may be able to ask us to: provide access to certain information we hold about you, in some cases in a portable format, if technically feasibleupdate or correct your informationdelete certain informationrestrict the use of your information We will respond within the time period prescribed by applicable law. Please note that many of the above rights are subject to exceptions and limitations. You have the right not to be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising your rights under some local laws such as in California. Some Services can be provided only if we have your information, therefore deletion of your information will result in termination of such Services. We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity, including authenticating you through an email address. We may require further documentation such as a password and user ID before granting access to your information. You may submit the following types of requests as follows: Request Categories of Information: If you, or someone acting on your behalf, would like to request that we tell you the categories of personal information we collect, the categories of sources from which personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the personal information, the categories of third parties with which the business shares personal information, the categories of information about you that we sell, the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold, or the categories of personal information that were disclosed for a business purpose, you or someone acting on your behalf can either click here for such request, or send an email to accessdata@fandango.com . Request Specific Information: If you, or someone acting on your behalf, would like to request that we tell you about some of the specific personal information that we hold about you, you or someone acting on your behalf can either click here for such request, or send an email to accessdata@fandango.com . Request Correction: If you would like to request that we correct certain personal information that we hold about you, you can either click here for such request, or send an email to accessdata@fandango.com . Request Deletion: If you, or someone acting on your behalf, would like to request that we delete information that we hold about you, you or someone acting on your behalf can either click here for such request, or send an email to deletedata@fandango.com . Note that certain information about you will not be deleted if you request such a deletion, as may be permitted by law. Also note that we will not be able to provide you with certain Services upon a deletion. You will also need to clear your cookies and re-set your MAIDs, as referenced in the link. If you are a California resident business contact and want to make an access, correction, or deletion request, please send an email to privacy@fandango.com . California residents may view annual consumer request metrics here . Your rights and our responses will vary based on your state or country of residency. Please note that you may be located in a jurisdiction where we are not obligated, or are unable, to fulfill a request. In such a case, your request may not be fulfilled. If you have any unresolved concerns, you may have the right to complain to your data protection authority. In addition, the above requests do not apply to Fandango’s Owners, who are currently NBCUniversal and Warner Bros. To send them requests, please visit their websites. Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia residents may appeal the denial of a request here . We will respond within the legally required time period, including a written explanation of the results of your appeal. “Privacy Choices”: Do Not Sell or Share or Process My Personal Information for Targeted Advertising (California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia Residents only) California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia residents may opt out of the “sale” of their personal information.Such residents may also opt out of the sharing or processing of their personal information for targeted advertising. We provide third parties such as advertisers and advertising networks (including social media networks) information including identification and demographics; device information and identifiers, such as IP address, and unique advertising identifiers and cookies; connection and usage information, such as browsing history or app usage; hashed identifiers [contact information], geolocation information, such as city; and inference data in order to enable marketing to you and delivery of targeted advertising on the Services or other sites. Advertising, including targeted advertising, enables Fandango to provide you certain content for free and provide relevant offers to you. The disclosure of such personal information listed above to these third parties to assist us in providing these services may be considered a “sale” of personal information under applicable law and is sharing of personal information and the processing of personal information for targeted advertising purposes. If you or (in certain states where required by law) your authorized agent would like to opt out of Fandango's use or disclosure of your information for such purposes (to the extent this is considered a sale, share, or targeted advertising), you may do so in the footer or settings menu of the brand with which you engage by selecting “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link. You may still receive advertising, including personalized ads based on Fandango data on the Services. On some of our websites and applications when you click the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link in the website footer or in the application settings menu, you will be shown a tool that allows you to opt out of the online “sales” and sharing/processing of personal information for targeted ads on the website and application. Please note, if you use different browsers, devices, or services you will need to make your elections separately. In some cases, you may also be presented with form fields to complete, in those cases we ask for your email address or other information so we may add it to an appropriate suppression list. In other cases, you will be directed to this page where we provide additional information and options for you to learn more about your choices and how to opt out from interest-based advertising more broadly. Please note, if we do not detect that you are in California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah or Virginia, the opt out of sale or sharing/processing for targeted advertising data choices will not apply even if you take the actions described above. Please note that if you have a legally-recognized browser-based opt out preference signal turned on via your device browser (such as Global Privacy Control), we recognize such preference in accordance with and to the extent required by applicable law. Sensitive Data We may use certain sensitive personal information as allowable by law for purposes including analytics and to enable marketing to you and the delivery of targeted advertising on the Services or other sites, such as displaying an ad relevant to your precise location data. You can change your precise geolocation permissions for our mobile apps in your mobile device settings. Additional Rights for California Residents: Residents of the State of California may request a list of all third parties to which the Services have disclosed certain personal information (as defined by California law) during the preceding year for those third parties' direct marketing purposes. If you are a California resident and want such a list, please contact us at Fandango, Attn: Privacy Officer, 407 N. Maple Dr., Suite 300, Beverly Hills, CA 90210. For all requests, you must put the statement “Your California Privacy Rights” in the body of your request, as well as your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. In the body of your request, please provide enough information for us to determine if this applies to you. You need to attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for our response. Please note that we will not accept requests via the telephone, email, or by facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information. 6. YOUR CHOICES Cookies and Similar Technologies We and our service providers, advertisers, and other third parties use cookies and similar technologies (e.g., HTTP cookies, HTML 5, flash local storage cookies, web beacons, GIFs, embedded scripts, ETags/cache browsers, hashed identifiers and software development kits) to recognize you on, off, and across the Services and your devices.For more information about the use of cookies and similar technologies on the Services (including your opt-out choices) please see our Cookies Notice . Mobile App and Connected Devices Depending on the device you use, you may be able to manage your advertising and location preferences through your device settings and as outlined in our Cookies Notice . Many operating systems provide their own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements. We do not control how the applicable platform operator allows you to manage personalized in-application advertisements. You should review your device manufacturer’s support materials and/or the device settings for the respective operating systems for more detail on how to manage such preferences. You may opt out of location data collection on our mobile app(s) by managing your location preferences in the “My Account” section of that app, or by disabling the GPS services for that app on your mobile device. To adjust access to location data, go to the settings menu on your mobile device and adjust the location configurations for the Fandango app. You can stop all collection of information by a mobile app by uninstalling the app. Third-Party Online Services The Services may be provided through and/or utilize features (such as voice controls) of third party platforms or contain links to third party services. These other platforms (such as gaming systems, smart TVs, mobile devices, and set top boxes) and sites (even if co-branded as Fandango) may collect information about you and use this information in accordance with their own privacy policies and terms of service. We do not control those third parties’ policies or practices. Where Fandango collects personal information on a co-branded website or service, we will provide a link to our privacy policy as appropriate. In some circumstances, we may host some websites on behalf of others and those entities may place or permit the placement of cookies and other tracking technology. We are not responsible for these tracking practices. Google Maps If you use Google Maps / Google Earth as part of the Services, you agree to comply with the Google Maps / Google Earth Additional Terms of Service (including the Google Privacy Policy ). Further, you agree that Google, and not Fandango, shall be responsible for any of your information Google receives as a result of your use of Google Maps / Google Earth. 7. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION We maintain organizational, technical, and physical safeguards to help protect the information we collect and use. These safeguards vary depending upon a variety of factors including the sensitivity of the information we collect and use. Despite all reasonable practices, no security method is infallible. 8. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS Fandango is a global company and has its headquarters in the United States. We may transfer your information to those described in this Privacy Policy outside of your country of residence, including in the United States and other countries. This is necessary to provide the Services and for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy. Data privacy laws vary from country to country and they may not be equivalent to, or as protective as, the laws in your home country. We take steps to ensure that reasonable safeguards are in place with an aim to ensure an appropriate level of protection for your information, in accordance with applicable law. By providing us with your information, you acknowledge any such transfer, storage or use. 9. UPDATES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time to reflect changes to our practices or the law. We will make the revised Privacy Policy accessible through the Services. Please check the Services periodically for updates. The date at the top of this Privacy Policy tells you when it was last updated. If we make material changes to the way we collect or use your information, you will be provided with appropriate notice, including, but not limited to, by posting the updated Privacy Policy on this website, and providing notice in accordance with legal requirements. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective when the revised Privacy Policy is posted. By continuing to use the Services following any changes to this Privacy Policy, you acknowledge you have read and understand the updated Privacy Policy, and you understand that we will collect, use, and share information as stated therein. 10. CONTACT US For any questions in relation to this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@fandango.com or Fandango, ATTN: Legal Department, 407 N.Maple Dr., Suite 300, Beverly Hills, CA 90210. 11. CANDIDATE PRIVACY POLICY To find out more about the information we collect during our recruitment process, please see the Candidate Privacy Statement of our parent company, NBCUniversal. We have separate privacy policies for workforce data, which is governed by the policies of our parent company, NBCUniversal. 12. APPLE APPTRACKINGTRANSPARENCY FRAMEWORK FAQ If you use Fandango applications on an Apple device, you may notice some changes both in the app store and in the consents available. In an effort to provide clarity, we have offered some additional information below. How do the categories in the Apple menu compare with your Privacy Policy? The Apple menu reflects categories of information collected through our Apple app while our Privacy Policy covers information collected through both Apple and non-Apple app products and services.Apple provided pre-defined categories that cannot be changed or clarified within the app store. Our Privacy Policy provides a more detailed overview of the categories of data we collect with examples to help you understand more about our services. There are some differences in Apple’s categories and the categories in our Privacy Policy. For example: We use the category “transactional” to describe credit cards and other information that may be collected during a purchase as well as your purchase history and Apple uses the term “financial” to describe credit cards and “purchase history” to cover other information related to your purchase. We use the term “connection and usage” to describe data collected from your browsing history, search term history, and other interactions with our applications (such as clicking on a news story) while Apple uses “browsing history”, “search history” and “usage data” respectively. The Apple store says my information is linked. What does that mean? Depending on the app you are using, we or our partners may link data collected on your application to your account, device, or identity for a variety of purposes. For example, we and our partners may link information in order to: Personalize your experience by tailoring viewing and content recommendations to you;Identifying you when you log-into our services so we can remember where you left off on a movie or tv show you were viewing; Customize advertising or marketing messaging; orAs otherwise described in our Privacy Policy . The Apple store says my information is being used to track me. What does that mean? Depending on the app you use, we may use information collected from that app (including user or device data) together with data collected from other apps, websites and properties we do not own to tailor advertising on our app, inform you of our products and services outside of the app, and measure those activities using third parties. This helps us to continue to provide you with the high-quality content that you love to watch and read as well as offers that are more relevant to you. If I do not consent to ‘tracking’ on an Apple device what happens? Apple’s tracking consent restricts Fandango from linking data collected from that app with third-party data for targeted advertising or advertising measurement. If you do not consent within a specific Fandango Apple app, you may still receive tailored advertising or content recommendations from us, including targeted ads or recommendations based on the data that we collect from you directly elsewhere, including data collected across other Fandango (or its co-owners’ NBCUniversal and Warner Bros.) applications, websites and platforms or based on data collected directly by our co-owners NBCUniversal and Warner Bros. In addition, your choice does not affect the data collected prior to the launch of Apple’s Tracking Transparency framework. For more recently collected data, we will apply your most recent tracking choice to all the applicable data collected since the launch of the framework.For more information about your choices around data collection generally, please see the Your Rights and Your Choices sections in our Privacy Policy. Offers GET $10K DISNEY GIFT CARD + MERCH image link GET $10K DISNEY GIFT CARD + MERCH Buy a ticket to Disney’s Haunted Mansion for a chance to win a $10k Disney gift card + Disneyland® Resort merch LEARN MORE WIN A SIGNED COPY OF BARBIE THE ALBUM image link WIN A SIGNED COPY OF BARBIE THE ALBUM Buy tickets to see Barbie and you’re entered for a chance to win a signed copy of the Barbie movie soundtrack on vinyl. GET ENTERED CELEBRATE 100 YEARS OF DISNEY FOR CHANCE TO WIN image link CELEBRATE 100 YEARS OF DISNEY FOR CHANCE TO WIN Buy tickets to 8 Disney classics and be entered for a chance to win a Disney Castle Lego set! LEARN MORE New & Coming soon Haunted Mansion (2023) The Meg 2: The Trench (2023) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutant Mayhem (2023) Barbie (2023) Oppenheimer (2023) Mission: Impossible - Dead Reckoning - Part One (2023) Gran Turismo: Based on a True Story (2023) Talk to Me (2023) Experience + Explore Editorial Features Videos Photos Follow Us Get Updates On All Things Movies Thanks for signing up! Get Fandango Apps Offer Details Buy tickets to see Barbie on Fandango for a chance to win a signed copy of the Barbie The Album soundtrack on vinyl. Barbie the Album is the official soundtrack accompanying Barbie the Movie - featuring new tracks from Dua Lipa, Billie Eilish, Nicki Minaj & Ice Spice, Karol G, Charli XCX and more! NO PURCHASE NECESSARY Open to legal residents of the 50 US/DC who are at least eighteen (18) years of age or older. Void where prohibited. Begins 7/19/23, 12:01 AM PT & ends 8/18/23, 11:59 PM PT. To enter without making a purchase, visit URL. Limit one entry per person. See Official Rules at https://www.fandangomovietickets.com/BarbieVinylSweepstakes for prizing, odds, and details. Sponsor: Fandango Media, LLC, 407 N. Maple Drive, Beverly Hills, CA, 90210 OFFER DETAILS Buy tickets to see all 8 Disney Classics and you’ll be entered for a chance to win a Disney Castle Lego set + Fandango and Vudu promo codes to watch Disney films! NO PURCHASE NECESSARY Open to legal residents of the 50 US/DC who are at least eighteen (18) years of age or older. Void where prohibited. Begins 7/25/23, 12:01 AM PT & ends 10/26/23, 11:59 PM PT. To enter without making a purchase, visit www.specialengagementssweepstakes.com. Limit five entries per person. See Official Rules at https://www.fandangomovietickets.com/specialengagementssweepstakes for prizing, odds, and details. Sponsor: Fandango Media, LLC, 407 N. Maple Drive, Beverly Hills, CA, 90210. Offer Details Buy a Ticket to Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Mutant Mayhem and get Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Double Feature for $9.99 on Vudu *Limited time. Terms apply. Limited time offer. Fandango movie ticket purchase must be made between 6:00am PT on 7/25/23 and 11:59pm PT on 8/20/23 (the “Offer Period”). Purchaser will receive a post purchase email containing 1 Vudu Promotional Code (“Code”) that is good for the purchase (and not the rental) of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Double Feature for $9.99 in My Offers in your account on http://Vudu.com and via participating Vudu apps. Code expires on (and must be used by) 8/25/23 at 11:59pm PT. Limit one per transaction. You may have to pay taxes additionally. One-time use only. Void where prohibited. Offer is non-transferable and cannot be combined with any other offer or discount. No cash value, except as required by law. Not for resale; void if sold or exchanged. Offer valid in the U.S. only. Vudu reserves the right to modify or cancel this offer at any time and without notice. This offer is subject to Vudu’s Terms and Policies and Privacy Policy at Terms and Policies at http://www.fandango.com/terms-and-policies. Offer Details Buy tickets to see Retribution and score the TRIPLE THREAT SET – including Retribution preorder – for $29.99 on Vudu. Limited time offer. Fandango movie ticket purchase to ‘Retribution’ must be made between 6:00am PT on 8/14/23 and 11:59pm PT on 9/3/23 (the “Offer Period”). Purchaser will receive a post purchase email containing 1 Vudu Promotional Code (“Code”) that is good for the purchase (and not the rental) of The Triple Threat Set (including Retribution Pre-Order, Cold Pursuit, and The Commuter) for $29.99 in My Offers in your account on http://Vudu.com and via participating Vudu apps. Code expires on (and must be used by) 9/8/23 at 11:59pm PT. Limit one per transaction. You may have to pay taxes additionally. One-time use only. Void where prohibited. Offer is non-transferable and cannot be combined with any other offer or discount.No cash value, except as required by law. Not for resale; void if sold or exchanged. Offer valid in the U.S. only. Vudu reserves the right to modify or cancel this offer at any time and without notice. This offer is subject to Vudu’s Terms and Policies and Privacy Policy at Terms and Policies. Your Privacy Choices: Opt-out of sale of personal information and Opt-out of sharing or processing personal information for targeted ads To provide you with a more relevant online experience, certain online ad partners may combine personal information that we make available with data across different businesses and otherwise assist us with related advertising activities, as described in our Privacy Policy . This may be considered "selling" or "sharing/processing” for targeted online advertising under applicable law. If you are a resident of California, Connecticut, Colorado, Utah or Virginia, to opt out of us selling or sharing/processing your personal information: Such as cookies and devices identifiers for the targeted ads and related purposes for this site/app on this browser/device: switch the “Allow Sale of My Personal Info or Sharing/Processing for Targeted Ads” toggle under Manage Preferences to OFF (grey color) by moving it LEFT and clicking “Confirm My Choice”.Such as your name, email address and other associated personal information for targeted advertising activities as described above, please submit the form below. Please note that choices related to cookies and device identifiers are specific to the brand’s website or app on the browser or device where you are making the election. Manage Preferences Allow Sale of My Personal Info and Sharing/Processing for Targeted Ads Allow Sale of My Personal Info and Sharing/Processing for Targeted Ads California, Connecticut, Colorado, Utah & Virginia Residents Only: To opt out of selling or sharing/processing for targeted advertising of information such as cookies and device identifiers processed for targeted ads (as defined by law) and related purposes for this site/app on this browser/device, switch this toggle to off (grey color) by moving it left and clicking “Confirm My Choice” below. (This will close this dialogue box, so please open the email Opt-Out Form 1st). ALL OTHER LOCATIONS: If we do not detect that you are in California, Connecticut, Colorado, Utah or Virginia, this choice will not apply even if you toggle this button off.If you turn this off, you will still see ads, but they may be less relevant or based only on our first-party information about you.Please note, you must make the Manage Preference choices on each site/app on each browser/device you use to access the services. You must also renew this choice if you clear your cookies. You can change your precise geolocation permissions for our mobile apps in your mobile device settings. Fandango Opt-Out Form To opt out of the use of your email and other personal information related to that email such as your name for targeted advertising activities please complete this Opt-Out Form Other Categories of Data Collection Please see our Cookie Notice for more details which can be found by navigating to the Privacy Policy in the menu settings page. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label