Verizon Privacy Notice About our ads About interest-based advertising You may see third-party advertisements on Verizon websites, services, apps and devices, and see Verizon ads on others’ sites, services, apps and devices. These ads may be tailored for you based on information that we or companies acting on our behalf collect on Verizon properties and across the other sites and apps where these advertising entities also are present. To accomplish this, advertising entities (such as ad servers, ad networks or technology platforms including Verizon Media) place and access cookies and similar technologies on browsers you use and access advertising identifiers from your mobile device operating systems. Information about your activities on the websites and in the apps where the entities are present can be combined and used to determine whether you fall into an audience advertisers wish to reach. Advertising that is customized based on information about your visits over time and across different websites, apps and devices is known as "interest-based" advertising. In accordance with industry self-regulatory principles, we require that advertising companies disclose when they are using interest-based advertising techniques to deliver interest-based ads on our sites and apps as well as when they deliver Verizon ads on other sites. We also require them to offer you an ability to opt out of this use of your information. The Digital Advertising Alliance enforces responsible privacy practices for users and providers of interest-based advertising. These practices include offering enhanced transparency and control to consumers. Your Choices You can visit the industry-wide Digital Advertising opt out page to learn more and opt out. In addition, you will see an icon in or around online advertisements placed using interest-based advertising techniques. You can click on the icon to learn more and opt out. Similarly, you can opt out of advertising entities by using your device advertising identifiers and selecting "Limit Ad Tracking" or "Opt out of Interest-Based Ads” from your device settings page. Additional information Verizon’s Privacy Policy provides more information about these and other Verizon advertising programs and the choices you have about participating. twitter instagram twitter instagram twitter instagram facebook-official twitter twitter 2023 Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. We use both third party and first party cookies for this purpose. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookie Targeting Cookie These cookies may be set through our site by Verizon and third parties. They are used to present Verizon advertising on third party sites that you may visit. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising from Verizon. Social Media CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelGet to know our privacy policies. Learn about our privacy practices and find the policy you’re looking for, or go directly to our summary, or go directly to information about your state privacy rights . Your privacy is important to us. You have choices about how your information is used. Our privacy policies explain how you can make these choices . Read up on state law privacy rights. We’ve provided new information about your rights under California, Colorado, Connecticut and Virginia privacy laws . Verizon Privacy Policies The Verizon privacy policy applies when you interact with us or use services we offer to customers in the United States. International Privacy Centre Our International Privacy Centre applies when you interact with us or use services we offer to customers outside of the United States. Apps and services Our apps and services privacy policies apply in addition to our Verizon privacy policy when you use these services. Subsidiary companies Separate privacy policies apply for some of our subsidiary companies. State Privacy Rights Some state laws provide additional privacy rights to residents. Notices Separate privacy notices apply for additional offerings. Here's a summary of our Privacy Policy. We are committed to strong and meaningful privacy protections. Our Privacy Policy details the information we collect, how we use and share it, and the choices you have about how your information is used and shared. We’ve summarized key elements of the policy here for your convenience. What information does Verizon collect? We collect information you provide to us, about your use of our products and services and about your interactions with us. We also collect information about how our network and your devices are working, including the location of your wireless devices. We also obtain information about you from other companies, such as credit, demographic and interest information. Learn more How does Verizon use information? We use information to provide you with services and enhance your experiences with us. This includes delivering and maintaining your products, services, and your account and billing records; developing new products and services; personalizing your experiences; and delivering marketing offers to you. Learn more Does Verizon share my information? We share information within Verizon. We do not sell or share information that individually identifies you outside of Verizon and its affiliate companies unless work is being performed on our behalf, you have given consent, or we have notified you through our privacy policies or other agreements that we have with you. We may also share certain non-personally identifiable information with third parties. Learn more Does Verizon have programs that allow other companies to use information about me? We have optional programs that allow Verizon and third parties to show you advertisements that are more personalized and useful to you or to help third parties verify your identity. Another program develops insights by analyzing de-identified customer information and reporting on aggregate behaviors. Learn more What choices do I have about uses of my information? You have choices about how Verizon reaches you with marketing and whether certain types of information may be shared within Verizon for marketing purposes. You also have choices about other uses of your information, such as for our advertising and insights programs, for verification purposes, and for certain uses of device information where applicable. Learn more How does Verizon protect my information, and how do I update my account details? We have a variety of safeguards in place to help protect your information against unauthorized access, use or disclosure. We provide methods for you to access, review and update your account information. Learn more Do I have specific rights under privacy laws in the United States? You may have additional rights under the Cable Act and state laws, including California, Colorado, Connecticut, Maine, Nevada and Virginia privacy laws. Learn more How do I learn about changes to this privacy policy? We periodically update our privacy policy. If we change the way we use or disclose information that identifies you in a way that is materially different from what was stated in our privacy policy at the time the information was collected, you will be given an opportunity to update your choices about the new use or disclosure.View Recent Changes Related topics Curious about our responses to government data demands? Our Transparency Report provides information about data requests we receive. Discover tips to keep your account secure. Protect yourself from frauds and scams. Looking for support parenting in a digital world? Navigate tips and advice for your connected family. Contact us with any questions or concerns related to privacy. Write Verizon Privacy Office 1300 I Street, NW Suite 500 East Washington, DC 20005 Online twitter instagram twitter instagram twitter instagram facebook-official twitter twitter 2023 Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. We use both third party and first party cookies for this purpose. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookie Targeting Cookie These cookies may be set through our site by Verizon and third parties. They are used to present Verizon advertising on third party sites that you may visit. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising from Verizon. Social Media CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelYour Privacy Choices California, Colorado, Connecticut, and Virginia privacy laws give consumers the right to limit the sale and sharing of personal information and opt out of the processing of personal information for certain types of targeted advertising. On the Verizon Communities site, selling/sharing/targeting occurs when we share information with advertising technology companies present on our websites who combine that information with information they collect about your visits to our sites or that they otherwise have about you to provide more personalized advertising to you. This occurs through the use of cookies, pixels, tags, and similar technologies. You can let us know that you do not want information about you used for these activities by opting out. We also recognize browser-based Global Privacy Control signals in the same way as when you opt-out here. You can find more details about the state laws and their requirements in the Verizon Privacy Policy . My Verizon Members Please log in to your My Verizon account to notify us of your choice to opt out. Your login will allow us to save and apply your choice to information related to your account. We will apply your opt-out when you visit the Communities site and the Verizon.com sites whenever you are logged in to your My Verizon account. If you visit our pages using a different browser or device, we will recognize your opt-out once you log in. If you should visit the Verizon Communities site without logging in, please inform us of your choice to opt-out using the "Website Visitor" section of this page. If you have multiple Verizon accounts, please login separately to each account and complete this process again so that we can recognize your choice for each. You can change your choice at any time, however, when you engage a Global Privacy Control, that opt-out choice will override any conflicting choice you make using the login process. Community Members Please sign in to your Community Member account to notify us of your choice to opt out. Your login will allow us to save your choice, and we will apply it on the Verizon Communities sites whenever you are logged in to your account. If you visit our site using a different browser or device, we will recognize your opt-out once you log in. Should you visit the site without logging in, please inform us of your choice to opt-out using the "Website Visitor" section of this page. You can change your choice at any time, however, when you engage a Global Privacy Control, that opt-out choice will override any conflicting choice you make using the login process. Website Visitors Please choose the radio buttons to notify us of your choice to opt out. We will apply your choice when you visit our site from the browser on the device you are using currently. Please repeat this process if you visit our page from another browser or device, if you clear your browser cookies, or if you use browser controls that automatically delete cookies and site data. Opt Out Don't Opt Out You can change your choice at any time, however, when you engage a Global Privacy Control, that opt-out choice will override any conflicting choice you make using the login process. Cancel Please confirm that you want to reverse your previous opt-out choice. facebook-official twitter you-tube instagram facebook-official twitter 2023Let’s take a look at the full Verizon Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy describes the information we collect, how it is used and shared, your choices about uses and sharing and your rights under certain privacy laws. View recent changes Print this policy Open all What information does Verizon collect? Learn about the information Verizon collects about you, your devices and your use of products and services we provide. We collect information when you interact with us and use our products and services. The types of information we, or service providers acting on our behalf, collect depends on your use of our products and services and the ways that you interact with us 1 . This may include information about: Close 1. You may interact with us in a variety of ways, for example, when you visit our stores, call us, or use our sites or apps to place an order or ask questions about your account or services; work with Verizon as a representative of a business customer; contact us on social media; seek technical support; enter a Verizon-sponsored or affiliated contest, sweepstakes or promotion; or register to receive news or public policy updates. When you communicate with us, we may monitor or record the interaction to help us better serve you; to personalize your experiences; to train or otherwise support employees, resources or systems; and for security purposes. We may use artificial intelligence managed by humans, such as chatbots, to respond to your inquiry. When you interact with us through third-party services like Facebook Messenger or Twitter Direct Message, your communications are also governed by these companies’ privacy policies. Contact, billing and other information you provide 2 How you use our services and your devices 3 How you use our sites and apps 4 How our network and your devices are working 5 Location of your wireless devices 6 Close 2. It can also include information you provide in surveys, Verizon-sponsored promotions, and grant or job apps. Close 3. Close 4. Close 5. Some Verizon wireless devices include system apps we provide to: collect information about network and device conditions including location, battery life and apps on the device.automatically install or update apps or device software when you activate your device, during certain operating system upgrades and with your consent at later times, for example, when you request an app from an advertisement or over the phone. The software collects information when an app it places is first opened or is uninstalled and may update Verizon apps or the apps that it installed. It also may send you notifications about Verizon and third-party offers and promotions that may interest you and about apps on your device that you have not yet used. You can use your device app controls to disable notifications from Verizon App Manager to opt out of these messages. Some apps installed or updated on your device in this way do not appear as icons on your device screen because of their limited utility. For example, they might facilitate the download of apps you select for your device, update apps you already have on your device, or report to an app owner that an app has been opened on the device. You can see and also delete or disable apps installed on your device, whether or not they have visible icons, using your device’s Application Manager under Settings. Apps on your device are governed by their own terms and privacy policies. Close 6. Business customers may have contracts with us that include privacy provisions that are specific to that relationship and differ from what you find here. Your contract will govern in those cases. We also obtain information from others. This includes: Credit information from outside agencies 7 Demographic and interest data 8 as well as device type, carrier, city and state information from third party data providers Information from social media platforms 9 when you interact with us via social media or use your social media login to interact with Verizon sites or offers Contact, marketing lead and other information we purchase or receive 10 Fraud information 11 Close 7. Close 8. Close 9. Close 10. Close 11. How does Verizon use information? Learn about the different ways we use the information we collect. We use information to provide you with services and enhance your experiences with us. We use information to: Deliver and maintain products and servicesEstablish and maintain your account and billing recordsMeasure credit and payment riskProvide account-related services and informationHelp you with service and technical support issues or questionsManage and protect our networks, services, employees and usersDetect and prevent fraudHelp us improve and personalize your services.12 Research, develop and market new products and services Authenticate you Determine your eligibility for new products and services 13 Better predict content and marketing offers that may interest you Deliver personalized content and offers 14 to you Close Close 12. Close 14. Our Custom Experience program uses information about sites you visit and apps you use 15 on your mobile device to help us better personalize our communications with you, give you more relevant product and service recommendations, and develop plans, services, and offers that are more appealing to you. You are included in the program unless you opt out. Close 15. We use only the first part of the web addresses (URLs) you visit (the part that includes the top level domain and subdomain of the URL); we do not use information past the first “/” or “?” in the URL. We use this information and usage patterns within this information to determine interests, preferences and other insights we use in the program. Our Custom Experience Plus program uses a broader set of information for the same purposes including information about sites you visit and apps you use, your Verizon Fios services, location information, and Customer Proprietary Network Information, including phone numbers you call or those that call you. You must opt in to be part of this program . More information about our Custom Experience programs is available in our program FAQs . We use some types of information for additional purposes: Clicks, opens and other interactions with our advertisements, emails, sites and apps To personalize your experiences and make our marketing more relevant to youTo help you when you request assistance with website or app navigationTo protect you and us against fraud Location obtained from system applications on your mobile devices To assist with locating you in an emergency To help improve location accuracy in our services and appsTo provide you with updates to system and Verizon applications Information from your calls and chats with our service and support representatives To help train employees and support resources and systems to better serve youTo provide customized technical supportTo assist you with device settings Employment and grant applications and surveys For the purpose for which you provide it, or as described at the time when you submitted the information. Information obtained from others To determine creditworthiness and perform business risk analysis To verify your identityTo contact you with marketing offersTo improve business modeling Network usage information To measure service quality on your current plan and other plans we offer Domain name server information To deliver content efficiently and help you find the website you are looking forTo block harmful contentFor network securityTo provide technical support Clicks, opens and other interactions with our advertisements, emails, sites and apps To personalize your experiences and make our marketing more relevant to youTo help you when you request assistance with website or app navigationTo protect you and us against fraud Location obtained from system applications on your mobile devices To assist with locating you in an emergency To help improve location accuracy in our services and appsTo provide you with updates to system and Verizon applications Information from your calls and chats with our service and support representatives To help train employees and support resources and systems to better serve youTo provide customized technical supportTo assist you with device settings Employment and grant applications and surveys For the purpose for which you provide it, or as described at the time when you submitted the information. Information obtained from others To determine creditworthiness and perform business risk analysisTo verify your identityTo contact you with marketing offersTo improve business modeling Network usage information To measure service quality on your current plan and other plans we offer Domain name server information To deliver content efficiently and help you find the website you are looking forTo block harmful contentFor network securityTo provide technical support Information about how you use our websites and apps. We, and third party companies acting on our behalf, collect information from our sites and apps for operational purposes such as improving website and app security, authenticating you, detecting and deterring fraud, improving site performance and providing content or analytics.We and these third-party companies may use cookies, pixels, tags, web beacons and scripts, or use similar technologies on our pages and the browsers you use and may access advertising identifiers from your mobile device operating systems. We also use de-identified and aggregated information. We may de-identify or aggregate information so that Verizon or others may use it for business and marketing purposes. For example, the data we aggregate might be used to analyze, personalize and improve our services, to provide business and marketing insights to others and to help make advertising more relevant to you. You have choices 16 about some of these uses. Close Does Verizon share my information? We share information within our company, with vendors and partners, and as described in this section. We share information within Verizon. We share information within Verizon, including with our affiliates, for a variety of purposes, including providing you with the latest information about our products and services and offering you our latest promotions. You can limit the sharing of Customer Proprietary Network Information 17 and certain credit information 18 if you do not want us to use them to market services to you that are different from the ones you have. Close 17. Close 18. We share information with service providers and partners. We use service providers to help us offer, provide, repair, restore and bill for services. We share information with them as necessary for them to perform work for us. They are required to protect information they receive from us or collect on our behalf and use it only for the purposes we allow. When you purchase or use services that are offered by Verizon and one of our partners, both parties may collect information about you. When this is the case, you should also review the partner company's privacy policy because it may describe uses of information that are different from ours. We share information about your devices’ 5G connectivity with mobile device operating system providers and app developers so that they can optimize your 5G experience. We also share de-identified information with companies to assist with the delivery of advertising campaigns or aggregate reports. We share information about your activity on our websites and apps. We allow certain third-party advertising companies 19 to collect information about your activity on our sites and in our apps and use that information to help us provide more relevant Verizon advertising on our own and other sites and apps. These companies may combine information from our sites with similar information they collect on other sites to determine whether you fit into an audience that advertisers, including Verizon, are trying to reach. Close 19. For example, ad servers, ad networks or technology platforms. We may deliver Verizon marketing on our sites and apps and on non-Verizon sites and apps, by our representatives, via mail or email or via other Verizon services or devices. We and these companies use cookies, pixels, tags, web beacons, scripts, application programming interfaces (APIs) or use similar technologies on our pages and the browsers you use and may access advertising identifiers from your mobile device operating systems. Our customers and website visitors can limit the sale and sharing of personal information as well as the use of this information for certain types of targeted advertising. California, Colorado, Connecticut and Virginia laws give consumers the right to make these opt out choices. California law also gives business customers the right to limit the sale and sharing of personal information. In addition, we require that advertising companies disclose when they are using interest-based advertising techniques to deliver ads on our sites and apps as well as when they deliver Verizon ads on other sites. We also require them to offer you the ability to opt out of this use of your information. Verizon sites and services may also include social networks or other third-party plug-ins and widgets that may provide information to their associated social networks or third parties even if you do not click on or otherwise interact with the plug-ins and widgets. Please visit the Choices section of this policy to learn how to opt out. We disclose certain Fios TV information for audience measurement and market research purposes The Fios TV apps 20 and website include Comscore and Nielsen software that collects information for these companies’ market research and audience measurement purpose, including information about the content you viewed; the apps, website and device you used; your advertising identifier (if available); IP address; and operating system. You have a choice about participating . Close 20.Fios TV apps include Fios TV Mobile, an app available on mobile devices, and Fios TV Home, an app available on select devices that support over-the-top and streaming video, such as Amazon Fire devices, AppleTV, Roku, or Verizon Stream TV. We disclose directory listings and Caller ID information. We may publish your name, address and wireline telephone number(s) or provide this information to directory publishers, assistance services, or others. These companies can use this information in other formats or for other purposes, and they may make it available to others. We do not publish directories with wireless telephone numbers or make them available to others for listing in directories, unless you request that we do so. We also provide your name and wireline or wireless telephone number for Caller ID and similar services. We may disclose information in other situations. In certain circumstances, we disclose information that individually identifies you, your device, and other information we collect, such as: To comply with the law 21 To protect you, others or us 22 To credit companies and collection agencies 23 When needed by outside auditors and regulatorsIf Verizon enters into a merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of our assets or businessWith your consent Close 22. Close 21. Close 23. Does Verizon have programs that allow other companies to use information about me? We may use information for third-party advertising, insights and identity verification programs. Our advertising programs make ads you see more personalized and useful. The programs described here use information to predict whether you fit within an audience an advertiser is trying to reach and help them show relevant advertising to you. The programs may also measure advertising campaign effectiveness. You can opt out of participating in these programs. Verizon Wireline Internet customers Fios TV customers On websites you visit When you view Fios TV 24 This row contains additional help content. Close 24. This may include when you view Fios TV on your TV, on the Fios TV website or on the Fios TV apps. Verizon, third party and advertiser information 25 Verizon, third party and advertiser information 26 This row contains additional help content. Close 25. This includes information we have about your postal address and use of Verizon products and services (such as service packages, Fios TV purchases and viewership categories); and demographic and interest information you provide or we obtain from other companies, such as your gender, age range and interests (i.e. sports fan, frequent diner or pet owner). The program may also use information advertisers and advertising partners provide to us. This row contains additional help content. Close 26. Close 26. This includes information we have about your postal address and use of Verizon products and services (such as service packages, connected devices, TV and video purchases and viewing data); and demographic and interest information you provide or we obtain from other companies, such as your gender, age range and interests (i.e. sports fan, frequent diner or pet owner). The program may also use information advertisers and advertising partners provide to us. Yes Yes Yes Yes Relevant Online Advertising FAQs Relevant TV Advertising FAQs Verizon Wireline Internet customers On websites you visit Verizon, third party and advertiser information 26 Close 26. This includes information we have about your postal address and use of Verizon products and services (such as service packages, Fios TV purchases and viewership categories); and demographic and interest information you provide or we obtain from other companies, such as your gender, age range and interests (i.e. sports fan, frequent diner or pet owner). The program may also use information advertisers and advertising partners provide to us. YesYes Relevant Online Advertising FAQs Fios TV customers When you view Fios TV 26 Close 26. This may include when you view Fios TV on your TV, on the Fios TV website or on the Fios TV apps. Verizon, third party and advertiser information 26 Close 26. Close 26. This includes information we have about your postal address and use of Verizon products and services (such as service packages, connected devices, TV and video purchases and viewing data); and demographic and interest information you provide or we obtain from other companies, such as your gender, age range and interests (i.e. sports fan, frequent diner or pet owner). The program may also use information advertisers and advertising partners provide to us.YesYes Relevant TV Advertising FAQs Our Business and Marketing Insights program helps companies understand consumer behaviors in aggregate. This program uses Verizon and third-party information 27 to create aggregate business and marketing insights 28 . The information we use and the insights we develop do not identify you individually and may be shared with third parties. Close 27. This includes information about how you use your mobile device (such as web browsing, device location, and app/feature use), certain information about your Verizon products and services (such as device type and amount of use), and demographic and interest information you provide or we obtain from other companies (such as gender, age range and interests). We may also use point of interest and location information we obtain from others as well as information provided by business and marketing clients who want insights related to their own businesses. Close 28. Insights are observations about groups of people that can be used to better understand consumer actions. For example, we may create insights about the number of customers in different age groups who visit a website, use an app, or go to a retail store or stadium. We also can develop insights to help estimate traffic patterns about people who move from one area to another during the morning rush hour. Our Identity Verification Service helps protect you against fraud. We use certain Verizon Wireless account, device and profile data on behalf of companies with which you do business, for example, to help your bank confirm that you are calling rather than a fraudster, which may help protect you against theft and account takeover. Third parties that verify your identity are contractually required to protect the information and use it only for providing their verification services. You have a choice about participating. What choices do I have about how information about me is used? You have choices about how Verizon reaches you with marketing offers and about other uses of your information. You can limit the ways we may send marketing offers to you. Telemarketing Opt out of marketing-related calls 29 by calling 1-800-VERIZON. It can take up to 30 days to remove you from existing marketing campaigns. Close Emails Opt out of receiving marketing-related emails by following the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of marketing emails you receive. Text messages Opt out of receiving marketing-related texts by following the unsubscribe instructions included in texts you receive. Postal mail Opt out of receiving marketing-related mail by calling 1-800-VERIZON. Note that even if you unsubscribe, you could still receive mail when we use a bulk mailing service that delivers to all homes within a ZIP code. Door-to-door marketing Opt out of door-to-door marketing by calling 1-800-VERIZON. You have choices about whether certain information may be used within Verizon for specific marketing purposes. Credit information Wireline customers can limit the sharing of credit information within Verizon for the marketing of new products and services. Check the instructions in the notice on your monthly bill, or call 1-844-366-2879 to opt out. Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI) You can limit the sharing of CPNI 30 within Verizon for marketing services to you that are different from the ones you have. Verizon Wireline and certain business customers: call 1-866-483-9700 to update your account preferences. Verizon Wireless and certain business customers: call 1-800-333-9956 to update your account preferences. Other customers: Follow the instructions in the Verizon notice or contract language seeking consent. Close You have choices about participating in Verizon programs that use web browsing and other information to personalize your experiences with us. Custom Experience You will be part of the Custom Experience program unless you opt out. You can opt out on the My Verizon site or in your My Verizon app by accessing privacy preferences , or you can call us at 866.211.0874. Custom Experience Plus You must opt in to the Custom Experience Plus program to be a part of it and you can change your choice at any time on the My Verizon site or in your My Verizon app by accessing privacy preferences You have choices about advertising, insights, verification and audience measurement services. Relevant Online Advertising To opt out of participating in the Relevant Online Advertising program: Go to the Services area of My Verizon onlineClick on InternetSelect the Manage Online Advertising Preferences link within My Internet Service You will need your user ID and password to access your online account.Relevant TV Advertising To opt out of participating in Relevant TV advertising: Go to the Services area of My Verizon onlineClick on TVSelect the Manage TV Advertising Preferences link within My TV Service You will need your user ID and password to access your online account. Business and Marketing Insights program Account owners can update preferences for each line on their account using the privacy choices page in My Verizon or in the My Verizon app; or by calling 1-866-211-0874. Identity Verification service If you do not want us to use your information to help third parties verify your identity on behalf of companies with which you do business, you can go online to My Verizon ->My Profile ->Privacy Settings. Fios TV Market Research and Audience Measurement If you do not want personal information shared for audience measurement and market research purposes, you can opt out for all devices you use for Fios TV using your Fios TV Account Settings on the Fios TV Website or in the Fios TV apps (in settings under “Audience Measurement”). You can also make choices on individual devices. On Apple mobile devices, you can only participate if you opt in using the pop-up notice in the Fios TV apps and you can change your choice using Apple device settings. On Android mobile devices, you can opt out by using your device setting to “Opt out of Ads Personalization”. On Amazon Fire devices, you can opt out using the “Interest-based Ads” setting. If you do not participate, only de-identified viewing information will be shared. You have other choices available to you. Website information used for interest-based advertising You can limit the sale and sharing of personal information as well as the use of this information for certain types of targeted advertising. California, Colorado, Connecticut and Virginia laws give consumers the right to make these opt out choices. California law also gives business customers the right to limit the sale and sharing of personal information. You can opt out by visiting Your Privacy Choices . This page also describes how we honor Global Privacy Control signals you may set on your browser. We do not respond to Do Not Track signals. You can also visit the industry-wide Digital Advertising Alliance opt-out page or click on this icon 31 ad choices icon available in or around online advertisements placed using interest-based advertising techniques to learn more and opt out of the use of your information for this type of advertising. Similarly, you have choices about allowing this type of advertising on your mobile device. On Apple devices, you will only be included in this activity if you opt-in. You can review or change an app’s tracking permission by going to your device Setting>Privacy>Tracking. On Android devices, you can opt out using your device setting to “Opt out of Ads Personalization.” Close 31. Clicking on this icon provides additional information on the companies and data practices that were used to deliver the ad and describes how you may opt out of these advertising programs. Location We collect network location information about your mobile devices so that we can provide your services and operate our network. If you do not want this information collected about your mobile devices, please turn your mobile devices off. The operating system on your mobile device collects device location information and shares it with apps you have permitted to have this information, including some Verizon apps. You can toggle the setting to “off” using the settings menu on your device. You can also use the settings menu to toggle location information to “off” for specific apps, but you may need to enable it for navigation or other location features to work in those apps. You can rename your router to include “_nomap” or “_optout” if you don’t want us to use the location of your Wi-Fi router access point to improve the accuracy of our services or apps. For example, change “Myrouter” to “Myrouter_nomap”. Credit Prescreening You have a choice about whether companies use your information to prescreen you for credit, including our credit card. You can opt out at www.optoutprescreen.com or by calling 1-888-567-8688 How does Verizon protect my information, and how do I update my account details? Learn about our information security and retention practices and how to update your account information. Information security and retention. We use technical, administrative and physical safeguards to help protect against unauthorized access to, use or disclosure of information we collect or store. In addition, we train our employees on the importance of privacy and security, as well as the proper ways to access, use and disclose customer information.Our practices and policies prohibit employees with whom we share this information from using sensitive information unless they are authorized to do so and have a business need. Our policies require that we retain records for as long as they are needed for legal, tax, audit, investigative, and/or security purposes and then securely delete or destroy them. We incorporate personal information into different types of records, not always by distinct data elements. For example, your name is part of your account, billing, technical support and call detail records. Although we strive to keep information secure, we can’t guarantee that our safeguards will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access 32 , use or disclose personal information. We use our security and incident response plans to handle such incidents. You can help secure your account using advice, tips and tools we provide . Close 32. If you become aware of a security issue, please visit our page to Report Security Vulnerabilities and follow the instructions to report your issue. We will work with you to address your concern. Let’s work together to keep children safe. If you see content you believe to be related to child sexual abuse, or if you see any other illegal content involving children when using a Verizon service, report it by sending an email to abuse-csam@verizon.com and include the words “child sexual abuse material” in the subject line. You can also make a report directly to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children through their CyberTipline. Sharing information on blogs and social networks. Some of our websites, apps and services let you participate in discussions, message boards and chat rooms, or leave reviews. These are public spaces so your comments can be read, collected and shared by anyone. By sharing information in these forums, you are giving consent to the disclosure of this information. Accessing and updating your account information. Customers can review and update their account information in the following ways: Verizon Wireline call 1-800-VERIZON or access your Verizon home account online Verizon Wireless call 1-800-922-0204 or access your Verizon mobile account online Verizon Enterprise Services Contact your account manager Verizon Connect call 1-800-711-5800 Customers of specific apps Use your app settings Customers who have Fios or other fiber-to-the-home services can email us to set up an appointment to review the personally identifiable information we have about you. You can only review records that contain your personally identifiable information, and you’ll have to provide proper identification to do so. We’ll work with you to update your records if necessary. You may be charged for copies of documents that you request. Do I have additional rights under Federal law? You may have additional rights under the Cable Act. Information about the Cable Act The “Cable Act” (Section 631 of the Communications Act of 1934, as amended) limits the collection and disclosure of personally identifiable information by cable operators and requires operators to tell you, to the extent that the Cable Act applies to the services you purchase, about the personally identifiable information 33 they collect. Close 33. Under the Cable Act, personally identifiable information does not include aggregate data that does not identify a particular person We may use our cable system to collect personally identifiable information necessary to render cable service or other services provided to you over the cable system and to detect and prevent unauthorized access to services. We may collect additional personally identifiable information with your prior consent. We may use or disclose personally identifiable information without consent where necessary to render services and to conduct legitimate business activities related to the services we provide. We may also disclose your name and address as long as you have the ability to prevent or limit this disclosure and the disclosure does not reveal, directly or indirectly, your viewing or other uses of the services we provide. We share name and address information with service providers as part of our Relevant TV advertising program. These providers work on our behalf to help our advertisers optimize their ads by preventing the same ads you see on Fios from being shown to you in other places. You can opt out of participating in the Relevant TV advertising program . We may also share personally identifiable information if it is required by law to comply with valid legal process 34 . Close 34.We may disclose personally identifiable information to a governmental entity to comply with valid legal process, but we will not disclose records revealing your video programming unless we receive a court order indicating that the governmental entity has made a specified showing of relevance and you were afforded an opportunity to contest the order. We may be required to disclose personally identifiable information (including your video programming) to a non-governmental entity to comply with a court order, after you have been provided notice. We retain personally identifiable information only as long as reasonably necessary for business, accounting, tax or legal purposes. If you would like to access your personally identifiable information, Please submit a privacy inquiry form to arrange a time and convenient location to do so during business hours. If you believe any of your personally identifiable information is inaccurate, we will work with you to ensure that corrections are made. If you believe that your Cable Act privacy rights have been violated, please submit a privacy inquiry form and we will work with you to address your concerns. If you believe that you have been aggrieved as a result of a violation of the Cable Act, you may enforce the limitations imposed by the Cable Act through a civil action in a United States district court seeking damages, attorney's fees, and litigation costs. Other rights and remedies may also be available to you under federal or other applicable laws. Do I have specific rights under privacy laws in the United States? You have specific rights under state laws, including California, Colorado, Connecticut, Maine, Nevada and Virginia privacy laws. California Consumer Privacy Act The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) 35 provides California residents with specific rights. Close 35. This law provides you with the right to know what information we collect about you and how we use it, access and delete that information within certain limits, request that we correct information that you believe is inaccurate, limit the use of certain sensitive personal information, tell us not to sell or share personal information about you and to not be discriminated against for invoking these rights. You have the right to know what personal information we collect, how we use it, and how long we keep it. This privacy policy provides details about our collection and use practices. California law requires that we also describe the categories of personal information we collect and use 36 and the sources of that information. We collect personal information when you interact with us 37 and use our products and services, from third-parties and from our network and the devices you use. Some of the information we collect is considered sensitive personal information under California law 38 . Close 38. The California law defines sensitive information to include information that reveals your social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number; account log-in information with required security or access codes; financial account, debit or credit card number along with required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account; precise geolocation; racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership; contents of your mail, email, and text messages unless we are the recipient of the communication; genetic data; and using biometrics to uniquely identify you and collecting or analyzing personal information about your health, sex life or sexual orientation. Close 37. You may interact with us in different ways, for example, when you place an order or have questions about your account or services; work with Verizon as a representative of a business customer; contact us on social media; seek technical support; enter a Verizon-sponsored or affiliated contest, sweepstakes or promotion; or register to receive news or public policy updates. Close 36.We collect the following categories of personal information: Identifiers, including, name, billing and email address, mobile device identifiers, IP address, account credentials, business customer representative contact information, social security or driver’s license number and other similar identifiersLegally protected classifications, including race, ancestry, gender, and disabilityCommercial information, including products or services you purchase and consider.Internet information, including browsing history, search and other activity on our sites, and information about your interaction with our sites, apps, and advertisements Geolocation data from our network and, when you permit it, our appsAudio, electronic, visual, or similar information, including voice recordings of customer service calls and photographs of customer equipment or that you use within our appsProfessional or employment-related informationEducation informationInferences we create from the information we collect that create a profile reflecting your preferences, characteristics, predispositions, and behavior. Secure account informationincluding your account log-in credentials, financial account, debit or credit card number with any required security or access code, password, or credentials that allow access to an account.Genetic, biometric and health information, for example, some Verizon apps allow you to share health information with your trusted or emergency contacts. Another Verizon service uses voice recognition technology to allow you to secure your Verizon accounts. And other information that may identify, relate to, describe, or is capable of being associated with you, for example, in limited circumstances, we may collect your insurance policy number if it is needed for processing damage claims. We use the information we collect for business and commercial purposes 39 as they are defined by the CCPA. Service providers we use to do work on our behalf 40 may use information for the same purposes. We may also disclose information for legal compliance, credit and collections, and directory assistance and caller id purposes, with your consent and as further described in other sections of this policy. Close 40. We share information with service providers as necessary for them to perform work for us. We share with them (including in the last twelve months), the information they need to perform that work. This includes personal information about you, for example, we share contact information with service providers who help us send Verizon marketing campaigns and device information to other service providers who help us monitor our network and provide technical support. Service providers are required to protect the information we share with them or they collect on our behalf and use it only for the specific purposes that we allow. Close 39. These purposes include providing you products and services, operating our businesses, and engaging in economic activities such as communicating with you and providing customer service; personalizing your experiences; improving our services; providing marketing and advertising; debugging; auditing our processes and services; short-term transient uses; research; and security, fraud, and legal compliance. Our policies require that we retain records containing personal information for as long as they are needed for legal, tax, audit, investigative, and/or security purposes and then securely delete or destroy them. We incorporate personal information into different types of records; it is not always retained by distinct data elements. For example, your name is part of your account, billing, technical support and call detail records. You have the right to access, delete and correct information. You can request access to specific pieces and categories of personal information we collect by using our Privacy Dashboard and following the instructions there, or by calling 1-800-333-3972. We will provide this information to you in a portable and readily usable format. You can use this same contact information to request that we delete personal information we have about you unless we need it for specific reasons 41 , and to correct inaccurate personal information we have about you. Close 41. The law describes these reasons to include: needing the information to provide the services you have requested and other activities needed to maintain an ongoing business relationship or perform a contract with you, to maintain information security, to exercise legal rights and to comply with other laws. You have a right to inform us that you do not want your personal information sold or shared. California law defines “sale or sharing” broadly to include sharing personal information for monetary or other valuable consideration and the sharing of your information for cross contextual advertising purposes. This definition does not cover all sharing of personal information.We do not knowingly sell or share personal information related to children under 16 years of age. We engage in online selling or sharing when we share information with advertising technology companies present on our websites who combine that information with information they collect about your visits to other sites or that they otherwise have about you to provide more personalized advertising to you. This occurs through the use of cookies, pixels, tags and similar technologies. We may engage in offline sales and sharing when we obtain personal information from or share personal information we have about you with other companies to better target ads to you or when we use personal information as part of our own internal programs 42 . Close 42. Our programs include Custom Experience, Custom Experience Plus, Relevant TV Advertising, Relevant Online Advertising, and Fios TV market research and audience measurement. You can opt out of sale and sharing by accessing our Your Privacy Choices page. You have the right to limit the use of sensitive personal Information. This right lets you ask us to limit the use and disclosure of sensitive personal information if we use that information for purposes beyond what is needed to provide the products and services you request or for other reasons specified in the law 43 . We do not use or disclose sensitive personal information for other purposes without your consent so we do not offer you an option to limit the use of sensitive personal information. Close 43. These reasons include: detecting security incidents; resisting malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal actions; ensuring the physical safety of a person; short-term, transient uses; performing services such as maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, fulfilling orders and transactions; verifying your information; and verifying, maintaining or enhancing a service on a device that is owned manufactured or controlled by us or on your device. We may also share your information with vendors providing storage or similar services on our behalf. You have the right to not be discriminated against. We do not discriminate 44 against you if you exercise any rights described in this section. Close 44. We will not deny goods or services, charge different prices or rates for goods or services or provide you a different level or quality of goods and services. You also have the right to receive information about any financial incentives we offer to you. Where to exercise your rights. You or your authorized agent 45 can exercise your right to know, access, delete, and correct data by: Close 45. Consumers may designate a business or individual as their agent by using our Privacy Dashboard to “Assign and manage your authorized agent.” We may require additional proof that you granted the authority. visiting our Privacy Dashboard orcalling 1-800-333-3972. You can exercise your right to opt-out of selling and sharing by visiting Your Privacy Choices . Your authorized agent can exercise your right to opt-out of selling and sharing by submitting a privacy inquiry form . We require you to verify your identity 46 using the processes we describe in the dashboard or the privacy choices page before we fulfill your request. Depending on the type of request you make, you may be required to log into an existing account and prove access to your mobile phone, to your email address on file with us, or to a government-issued ID. Close 46. For example, you may have to prove access to your mobile phone, to your email address on file with us, or to a government-issued ID. Reporting. You can access our 2022 CCPA report to learn about the access and deletion requests we received during that year. Questions. If you have questions about your rights under California Law or about our privacy policies and practices, please submit a privacy inquiry form or call 800-922-0204 if you are a Mobile customer or call 800-837-4966 if you have Home-based services, such as Verizon Fios. Additional California Privacy Rights California customers may request 47 , once per year, that we disclose the identity of any third parties with whom we have shared personal information for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes within the previous calendar year, along with the type of personal information disclosed. Close Verizon Privacy Office 1300 I Street, NW Suite 500 East Washington, DC 20005 California residents under age 18 who are registered users of online sites, services or applications may request 48 and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted. Your request should include a detailed description of the specific content or information to be removed. Please be aware that your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances.Close 48. Verizon Privacy Office 1300 I Street, NW Suite 500 East Washington, DC 20005 Colorado Privacy Act The Colorado Privacy Act 49 gives specific rights to Colorado residents. Close 49. This law gives you the right to know whether we collect information about you, what that information is and how we use it; access information we have about you in a commonly used format; delete certain information; request that we correct information that you believe is inaccurate; opt out of having personal information about you sold, used to target advertising to you, or used to build a profile about you to make legally or similar significant decisions about you. You have the right to know whether we collect personal information. what it is and the purposes for which we use it. This privacy policy provides details about our collection and use practices. Colorado law requires us to let you know the categories of personal information we collect and the purposes for which we collect each category. 50 We collect personal information when you interact with us 51 and use our products and services, from certain third-party sources and from our network and the devices you use. Some of the information we collect is considered sensitive data under Colorado law. 52 Close 52. The law describes sensitive data as personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health condition or diagnosis, sex life or sexual orientation, or citizenship or citizenship status; processing genetic or biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying you; and personal data collected from a known child. Close 51. You may interact with us in different ways, for example, when you place an order or have questions about your account or services; work with Verizon as a representative of a business customer; contact us on social media; seek technical support; enter a Verizon-sponsored or affiliated contest, sweepstakes or promotion; or register to receive news or public policy updates. Close 50. Categories of personal information we collect and the purposes for which we collect them include: Contact and device information (including, name, billing and email address, mobile device identifiers, IP address, account credentials, business customer representative contact information); information about the products and services you purchase or consider; information about your browsing, search and other activity on our sites and apps as well as your interactions with out sites, apps and advertisements; and information about your devices and how they are working, including performance on our network. We use this information to provide our products and services, operate our businesses, communicate with you and provide customer service; personalize your experiences; improve our services; provide marketing and advertising; create business insights; debug problems, audit our processes and services; short-term transient uses; research; and security, fraud, and legal compliance. We use demographic and interest information you provide or that we obtain from third parties to help us understand our customers and our markets, better personalize your experiences, provide marketing and advertising; test for bias and create business insights. Geolocation information from our network and, when you permit it, our apps; information about your web browsing across unaffiliated sites and apps; voice recordings of customer service calls and photographs of customer equipment. We use this information for purposes including business operations; security and fraud protection and prevention; to personalize your experiences and our marketing; and for the specific purposes we describe to you when you opt in to our collection collection and use. Secure account information including your account log-in credentials, financial account, debit or credit card number with any required security or access code, password, or credentials that allow access to an account. We use this information to provide you with access to your accounts, accept payment for products and services you purchase; security and fraud prevention and legal compliance purposes.Genetic, biometric and health information for limited purposes such as some Verizon apps allow you to share health information with your trusted or emergency contacts. Another Verizon service uses voice recognition technology to allow you to secure your Verizon accounts. Other information that may identify, relate to, describe, or is capable of being associated with you, for example, in limited circumstances, we may collect your insurance policy number if it is needed for processing damage claims. Third parties 53 we use to do work on our behalf may use information for the same purposes.We may also disclose information for legal compliance, credit and collections, directory assistance and caller id purposes, with your consent and as further described in other sections of this policy. Close 53. We share information with vendors and partners as necessary for them to perform work for us. They are required to protect the information they receive from us or collect on our behalf and use it only for the specific purposes that we allow. These vendors and partners may also be referred to as processors by Colorado law. You have the right to access, delete and correct information . You can access specific pieces and categories of personal information we collect using our Privacy Dashboard and following the instructions there or by calling 1-800-333-3972. To the extent technically feasible, we will provide this information to you in a portable and readily usable format. You can use the same contact information to request that we delete personal information we have unless we need it for reasons specified in the Colorado law 54 and to request that we correct inaccurate personal information we have about you. Close 54. These reasons include complying with laws and cooperating with law enforcement in good faith; investigating, establishing, preparing or defending against legal claims; internal research to improve, repair, or develop products; identifying and repairing errors; internal operations; providing products and services you use; protecting vital interests and certain public interests; preventing fraud; and assisting another with compliance. Use of sensitive personal information. Colorado law prohibits us from using sensitive personal information without your consent, except as specified in the law 55 . We use sensitive personal information as you authorize with your express consent or as authorized under the law. Close 55. These reasons include complying with laws, rules, regulations, investigative subpoena or summons by governmental authorities; cooperating with law enforcement; investigating, establishing, preparing or defending against legal claims; providing and maintaining the products and services you use, preventing and responding to security and other significant incidents; taking immediate steps to protect an interest that is essential for the life or physical safety of you or another natural person; and using information for short-term transient purposes such as displaying relevant information to you based on your activity during a single interaction. You have the right to tell us not to use personal information to establish profiles to make decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects . We do not use personal information to profile you to further decisions that have legal or similar significant effects. You have the right to tell us not to sell personal information or use it for targeted advertising . Colorado law defines “sale” to mean the exchange of personal data for monetary or other valuable consideration. The law describes “targeted advertising” as using personal information obtained or inferred over time from your activities across non-affiliated websites, applications or online services to predict your preferences or interests and target advertising to you. We engage in online sale or targeted advertising activities when we share information with advertising technology companies present on our websites who combine that information with information they collect about your visits to other sites or that they otherwise have about you to provide more personalized advertising to you. This occurs through the use of cookies, pixels, tags and similar technologies. We also may engage in offline sales or targeting activities when we obtain personal information from or share personal information we have about you with other companies to better target ads to you or when we use personal information in our own internal programs 56 . Close 56. Our programs include Custom Experience, Custom Experience Plus, Relevant Online Advertising, Relevant TV Advertising and Fios Market Research and Audience Measurement. You can opt out of sale and targeted advertising by visiting Your Privacy Choices . You can appeal a denial of your request to exercise any of the privacy rights provided by the Colorado law. If we deny your request, we will notify you and give you instructions on how you can appeal that decision to the Colorado Attorney General. We do not discriminate 57 against you if you exercise any rights described in this section. Close 57. We will not deny goods or services, charge different prices or rates for goods or services or provide you a different level or quality of goods and services. Where to exercise your rights . You or your authorized agent 58 can exercise your right to know, access, delete and correct your data by: Close 58.To designate a business or individual as your agent, use our Privacy Dashboard to “Assign and manage your authorized agent.” We may require additional proof that you granted the authority. Visiting our Privacy Dashboard orCalling 1.800.333.3972. You can exercise your right to opt-out of sale of personal information or use of it for targeted advertising by visiting our Your Privacy Choices page. This page also provides instructions for your authorized agent to opt out on your behalf. We may require you to verify your identity 59 using the processes described in the dashboard and the privacy choices page before we fulfill your request. Close 59. For example, you may have to prove access to your mobile phone, to your email address on file with us, or to a government-issued ID. If you have questions about your rights under the Colorado law, please submit a privacy inquiry form. Connecticut Data Privacy Act The Connecticut Data Privacy Act 60 gives specific rights to Connecticut residents. Close 60. This law gives you the right to know whether we collect information about you; access, correct and delete certain information; opt out of having personal information about you sold or used for target advertising purposes or to prevent us from using artificial intelligence to create a profile about you to make legally or similar significant decisions about you. You have the right to know whether we collect personal information about you. This privacy policy provides details about our information collection and use practices. Connecticut law requires us to let you know the categories of personal information we collect and use 61 . Close 61. We collect these categories of personal information: information from your interactions with us and use of our products and services, such as contact, billing and other information, biometric information, identifiers, records of products and services you purchase, how you use our services and your devices, audio or visual information about your devices, how you use our sites and apps, how our network and your devices are working, and geolocation information about your wireless devices; information we obtain from others, including financial data (such as credit information from outside agencies), demographic and interest data (such as device type, carrier, city, and state), inferences and insights about you, professional and educational information, protected classifications, information from social media platforms when you interact with us via social media, contact and marketing lead information, and fraud information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated or linked with you. We use this information for business purposes 62 . Third parties 63 we use to do work on our behalf may use information for the same purposes. We may also disclose information for legal compliance, credit and collections, directory assistance and caller id purposes, with your consent and as further described in the Do not Sell or Target section that follows. Close 63. We share information with vendors and partners as necessary for them to perform work for us. They are required to protect the information they receive from us or collect on our behalf and use it only for the specific purposes that we allow. These vendors and partners may also be referred to as processors by Connecticut law. Close 62. These purposes include providing you products and services, operating our businesses, communicating with you and providing customer service; personalizing your experiences; improving our services; providing marketing and advertising; debugging; auditing our processes and services; short-term transient uses; research; and security, fraud, and legal compliance. You have the right to access, correct and delete information. You can access certain personal information we collect using our Privacy Dashboard and following the instructions there, or by calling 1-800-333-3972. To the extent technically feasible, we will provide this information to you in a portable and readily usable format. You can use the same contact information to request that we delete personal information we have unless we need it for reasons specified in the Connecticut law 64 and to request that we correct inaccurate personal information we have about you. Close 64. These reasons include complying with laws, rules, regulations, investigative subpoena or summons by governmental authorities; defending against legal claims; providing and maintaining the products and services you use, performing a contract, preventing and responding to security and other significant incidents; and taking immediate steps to protect an interest that is essential for the life or physical safety of you or another natural person. The law also allows for short-term transient purposes such as displaying relevant information to you based on your activity during a single interaction.Use of sensitive personal information. Connecticut law prohibits us from using sensitive personal information 65 without your consent except as specified in the law 66 . We use sensitive personal information as authorized by the law or after we obtain your express consent. Close 66. These reasons include complying with laws, rules, regulations, investigative subpoena or summons by governmental authorities; defending against legal claims; providing and maintaining the products and services you use, performing a contract; preventing and responding to security and other significant incidents; and taking immediate steps to protect an interest that is essential for the life or physical safety of you or another natural person. The law also allows for short-term transient purposes such as displaying relevant information to you based on your activity during a single interaction. Close 65. The law describes sensitive personal information to include: personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health condition or diagnosis, sex life or sexual orientation, citizenship or immigration status; processing genetic or biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying you; personal data collected from a known child; and precise geolocation data. You have the right to tell us not to use automated decisioning to create profiles about you that we use for decisions that have legal or similarly significant effect . We do not use personal information to profile you to further decisions that have legal or similar significant effects. You have the right to opt-out of the sale of personal information and the use of personal information for targeted advertising . Connecticut law defines “sale” to mean the exchange of personal data for monetary or other valuable consideration. Connecticut law describes “targeted advertising” as using personal data obtained or inferred from your activities over time and across nonaffiliated Internet web sites or online applications to predict your preferences or interests, and display ads to you. We engage in online targeted advertising activities when we share information with advertising technology companies present on our websites who combine that information with information they collect about your visits to other sites or that they otherwise have about you to provide more personalized advertising to you. This occurs through the use of cookies, pixels, tags and similar technologies. We may engage in offline targeting activities when we obtain personal information from or share personal information we have about you with other companies to better target ads to you or when we use personal information as part of our own internal programs 67 . Close 67. Our programs include Custom Experience, Custom Experience Plus, Relevant TV Advertising, Relevant Online Advertising, and Fios TV market research and audience measurement. You can exercise your right to opt out by visiting Your Privacy Choices . You can appeal a denial of your request to exercise any of the privacy rights provided by the Connecticut law. If we deny your request, we will notify you and give you instructions on how you can appeal that decision to the Connecticut Attorney General. We do not discriminate 68 against you if you exercise any rights described in this section. Close 68. We will not deny goods or services, charge different prices or rates for goods or services or provide you a different level or quality of goods and services. Where to exercise your rights. You or your authorized agent 69 can exercise your right to know, access, delete and correct your data by: Visiting our Privacy Dashboard orCalling 1.800.333.3972. You can exercise your right to opt-out of the sale of personal information or use of this information for certain targeted advertising by visiting our Your Privacy Choices page. The page also provides instructions for authorized agents to opt out on your behalf. Close 69. To designate a business or individual as your agent, use our Privacy Dashboard to “Assign and manage your authorized agent.” We may require additional proof that you granted the authority. We may require you to verify your identity 70 using the processes described in the dashboard and the privacy choices page before we fulfill your request. Close 70. For example, you may have to prove access to your mobile phone, to your email address on file with us, or to a government-issued ID. If you have questions about your rights under the Connecticut law, please submit a privacy inquiry form . Maine Broadband Customer Privacy Rights The Maine Broadband Internet Access Service Customer Privacy Act 71 , effective on July 1, 2020, gives you additional privacy rights when we are your broadband Internet access service provider.The Maine law gives you the right to control certain ways that we use or share information we have about you and requires that we provide you with a notice of your rights and our obligations under this law. We do this in this section. Close 71. The law applies to current or former subscribers of mass market broadband Internet access service in Maine. It also applies to applicants for this service. The Maine law also requires us to take reasonable measures to protect customer personal information 72 . We describe this in an earlier section of this privacy policy . Close 72. Maine law defines “customer personal information” as personally identifying information about a customer or information from a customer’s use of broadband Internet access service. We will not use, disclose, sell, or permit access to your Maine broadband customer personal information except for purposes allowed under the Maine law 73 or with your affirmative consent. We may ask you for this consent when we interact with you. For example, we may ask to use broadband customer personal information to market additional services 74 to you when you call us or come into our stores. Close 73. Maine law allows us to use and/or share broadband customer personal information to provide and maintain your broadband services; market and advertise our communications-related services to you; comply with lawful court orders; bill and collect; protect users from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of or subscription to such services; or provide location information in response to certain emergency situations. Close 74. By “additional services,” we mean Verizon or partner services that are not communications-related. The Maine law also provides you with a right to opt-out of any use or sharing of data that is not customer personal information under the law. At this time, we do not collect information about you as a broadband customer that is not customer personal information. If we begin collecting such information in the future, we will give you the right to opt out of its use and sharing. We will not refuse to provide you with broadband service, charge you a penalty, or offer you a discount based on whether you agree that we can use or share your broadband customer personal information. Nevada Privacy Rights Nevada law allows consumers to opt out of the sale 75 of personally identifiable information by online service providers such as website operators. Close 75. Verizon doesn’t sell personally identifiable information today and we don’t have plans to start. If Verizon ever starts selling such personal information, current Verizon customers will be opted out. If you have questions, please submit a privacy inquiries form . Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act 76 gives specific rights to Virginia residents. Close 76. This law gives you the right to to access and delete certain information we collect about you; to request that we correct information that you believe is inaccurate; to opt out of having personal information about you sold, used to target advertising to you, or used to build a profile about you to make legally or similar significant decisions about you; and to appeal the denial of a request to exercise one of these privacy rights. Personal information we collect and how we use it. This privacy policy provides details about our collection and use practices. Virginia law requires us to let you know the categories of personal information we collect and use. 77 We collect personal information when you interact with us 78 and use our products and services, from certain third-party sources and from our network and the devices you use. Some of the information we collect is considered sensitive personal information under Virginia law 79 . Close 78. You may interact with us in different ways, for example, when you place an order or have questions about your account or services; work with Verizon as a representative of a business customer; contact us on social media; seek technical support; enter a Verizon-sponsored or affiliated contest, sweepstakes or promotion; or register to receive news or public policy updates. Close 79. The law describes sensitive personal information to include: personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, religious beliefs, mental or physical health diagnosis, sexual orientation, or citizenship or immigration status; processing genetic or biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying you; personal data collected from a known child; and precise geolocation data. Close 77.We collect these categories of personal information: information from your interactions with us and use of our products and services, such as contact, billing and other information, biometric information, identifiers, records of products and services you purchase, how you use our services and your devices, audio or visual information about your devices, how you use our sites and apps, how our network and your devices are working, geolocation information about your wireless devices; information we obtain from others, including financial data (such as credit information from outside agencies), demographic and interest data (such as device type, carrier, city, and state), inferences and insights about you, professional and educational information, protected classifications, information from social media platforms when you interact with us via social media, contact and marketing lead information, and fraud information; and other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated or linked with you. We use this information for business and commercial purposes 80 . Service providers 81 we use to do work on our behalf may use information for the same purposes. We may also disclose information for legal compliance, credit and collections, directory assistance and caller id purposes, with your consent and as further described in other sections of this policy. Close 81. We share information with vendors and partners as necessary for them to perform work for us. They are required to protect the information they receive from us or collect on our behalf and use it only for the specific purposes that we allow. These vendors and partners may also be referred to as processors by Virginia law. Close 80. These purposes include providing you products and services, operating our businesses, and engaging in economic activities such as communicating with you and providing customer service; personalizing your experiences; improving our services; providing marketing and advertising; debugging; auditing our processes and services; short-term transient uses; research; and security, fraud, and legal compliance. You have the right to access, delete and correct information. You can access specific pieces and categories of personal information we collect using our Privacy Dashboard and following the instructions there, or by calling 1-800-333-3972. To the extent technically feasible, we will provide this information to you in a portable and readily usable format. You can use the same contact information to request that we delete personal information we have unless we need it for specific reasons described by Virginia law 82 .or request that we correct personal information we have about you that you believe may be inaccurate. We retain personal information only as long as reasonably necessary for business, accounting, tax or legal purposes and then securely delete it. Close 82. These reasons include complying with laws, rules, regulations, investigative subpoena or summons by governmental authorities; defending against legal claims; providing and maintaining the products and services you use and preventing security instances Our use of sensitive personal information. Virginia law prohibits us from using sensitive personal information without your consent, except as specified in the law 83 . We do not use sensitive personal information without your express consent or as authorized under the law. Close 83. These reasons include complying with laws, rules, regulations, investigative subpoena or summons by governmental authorities; defending against legal claims; providing and maintaining the products and services you use, preventing and responding to security and other significant incidents; and taking immediate steps to protect an interest that is essential for the life or physical safety of you or another natural person. The law also also for short-term transient purposes such as displaying relevant information to you based on your activity during a single interaction. You have the right to tell us not to sell personal information or use it for profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effect. Virginia law defines “sale” to mean the exchange of personal data for monetary consideration. We do not sell information as it is defined under Virginia law. We also do not use personal information to profile you to further decisions that have legal or similar significant effects. You have the right to opt-out of targeted advertising. Virginia law describes “targeted advertising” as using information from your activities across non-affiliated sites and apps to determine your interests and target our advertising to you.We engage in targeted advertising activities when we share information with advertising technology companies present on our websites who combine that information with information they collect about your visits to other sites or that they otherwise have about you to provide more personalized advertising to you. This occurs through the use of cookies, pixels, tags and similar technologies. We also may engage in offline targeting activities when we obtain personal information from or share personal information we have about you with other companies to better target ads to you or when we use personal information in our own internal programs. 84 Close 84. Our programs include Custom Experience, Custom Experience Plus, Relevant TV Advertising, Relevant Online Advertising and Fios market research and audience measurement. You can opt out of targeted advertising by accessing Your Privacy Choices You have the right to appeal. You can appeal a denial of your request to exercise any of the privacy rights provided by the Virginia law. If we deny your request, we will notify you and give you instructions on how you can appeal that decision to the Virginia Attorney General. We do not discriminate 85 against you if you exercise any rights described in this section. Close 85. We will not deny goods or services, charge different prices or rates for goods or services or provide you a different level or quality of goods and services. Where to exercise your rights. You can exercise your right to know, access, delete and correct your data by: Visiting our Privacy Dashboard orCalling 1.800.333.3972. You can exercise your right to opt-out of targeted advertising by visiting Your Privacy Choices . We may require you to verify your identity 86 using the processes described in the dashboard and the privacy choices page before we fulfill your request. Close 86. For example, you may have to prove access to your mobile phone, to your email address on file with us, or to a government-issued ID. If you have questions about your rights under the Virginia law, please submit a privacy inquiry form . How do I learn about changes to this privacy policy? Learn about how to know that we have made changes to this policy. Changes to the privacy policy We may make changes to this privacy policy, so please check back periodically. You will be able to see that we made changes by checking the effective date below. You can also read about recent changes . If we decide to use or disclose information that identifies you personally in a way that is materially different from what we stated in our privacy policy at the time we collected that information from you, we will give you a choice about the new use or disclosure by appropriate means, which may include an opportunity to opt-out. Updated June, 2023 © 2023 Verizon. All rights reserved. Related topics Curious about our responses to government data demands? Our Transparency Report provides information about data requests we receive. Discover tips to keep your account secure. Protect yourself from frauds and scams. Looking for parenting support in a digital world? Navigate tips and advice for your connected family. Contact us with any questions or concerns related to privacy. Write Verizon Privacy Office 1300 I Street, NW Suite 500 East Washington, DC 20005 Online twitter instagram twitter instagram twitter instagram facebook-official twitter twitter 2023 Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. We use both third party and first party cookies for this purpose. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.Targeting Cookie Targeting Cookie These cookies may be set through our site by Verizon and third parties. They are used to present Verizon advertising on third party sites that you may visit. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising from Verizon. Social Media CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelAccessibility Resource Center Skip to main content Sign In Sign In end of navigation menu Don't have an account? Continue as Guest Register If you don’t have a My Verizon account, register now to access the Verizon Privacy Dashboard. Shop Top Device Brands Support About Verizon Most Popular Top Accessory Brands Important Consumer Information Follow Verizon facebook-official twitter you-tube instagram Follow Verizon Fios facebook-official twitter © 2023 Verizon