WAMU Privacy Notice WAMU 88.5 American University Radio (“WAMU”) is committed to safeguarding and maintaining the privacy of your personal information. In providing its website, direct response channels, and other services, WAMU must collect and process personal information about visitors and respondents. This Privacy Notice describes practices related to the collection and processing of personal information when users visit WAMU websites, or communicate with WAMU via direct response channels (i.e., email, call center, mail response, etc.) For purposes of clarity, “processing” as used in this notice includes the collection, use, storage, transmission, disclosure, and destruction of personal information. This Privacy Notice applies to all information collected by WAMU and its third-party service providers, including but not limited to websites, applications and programs that post a link or reference this Privacy Notice. WAMU “websites” include but are not limited to wamu.org, dcist.com, thekojonnamdishow.org, dianerehm.org, gunsandamerica.org, the1a.org, gunsandamerica.org, and bandwidth.fm. By continuing to use, interact with, and provide your personal information to WAMU, you are acknowledging and accepting the terms of this Privacy Notice. INFORMATION COLLECTED In general, WAMU collects and processes two types of information through its websites and other direct response channels: (1) information voluntarily provided by you in order to receive requested information and/or services, and (2) information automatically collected upon your navigation of our websites. INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE In any communications with WAMU and visits to WAMU websites where you voluntarily supply personal information to WAMU for the purpose of requesting support, sending email, entering contests, participating in surveys, signing up for email newsletters, or performing e-commerce transactions, WAMU may use this information to conduct the stated activities. WAMU does not sell or rent any information n we gather from you, irrespective of the manner in which we obtain this information (e.g. on-line, through direct mail, by telephone, or through direct contact). From time to time, WAMU may exchange, trade or swap information we gather from you, irrespective of the manner in which we obtain the information. Any exchange, trade or swap of information is done carefully and at all times in accordance with the Federal Communications Act (47 U.S. Code § 396 (k)(12)(a)) and the rules of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting. INFORMATION AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED When you use its websites, WAMU automatically collects information about the devices you use to do so (e.g., computers, tablets, mobile phones, etc.). WAMU collects non-personally identifiable information about your device and use of the website in order to identify problems and improve the websites. Information identifying your browser, device, IP address may be used temporarily to protect our systems against abuse but is not stored in association with personally identifiable information. WAMU’s websites use web cookies, which are small text files placed on your device to store information about your use of that website. WAMU may use cookies to save your preferences, in order to tailor the experience to you. WAMU’s websites use Google Analytics and other third-party web metrics tools to better understand how our audience uses our products and to approximate our website visitors’ demographics and interests. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to any WAMU website by using the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on . Also, you can manage your settings for these cookies and opt-out of this feature by updating your Google Ads Setting . By using any WAMU website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. PROCESSING YOUR INFORMATION WAMU processes personal information for a variety of reasons, including to: Carry out operations and administrative needs;Improve our websites and services;Respond to your requests or inquiries;Analyze your use of WAMU websites and perform other market research activities, such as interest-based communication, targeted communication, and online behavior in order to determine the content that would be of interest to you;Provide newsletters, announcements, event invitations, and other information;Request and receive gifts and donations; Comply with and meet legal obligations, enforce agreements, and protect the health, safety, rights, and/or property of WAMU and its community;Prevent, investigate, and take actions regarding unlawful or criminal activity (including fraud or other misconduct), security or technical concerns, or unauthorized access to or use of systems.WAMU will process your information consistent with the consent you have provided for a stated purpose, or as necessary to (i) advance WAMU’s legitimate interests, (ii) fulfill a request you have made, or (iii) comply with a legal obligation. HOW INFORMATION IS SHARED WAMU may share your information with our third-party service providers to provide services or to support WAMU’s activities. WAMU’s third-party service providers are not authorized to disclose information except as necessary to perform services on WAMU’s behalf or to comply with legal requirements. In certain instances, in order to provide services and to support WAMU’s activities, or as required by law, WAMU may share your information among other departments. In all of these instances, the information provided to the third-party service provider or other department will be limited to the extent necessary to provide the user-requested information and/or services, or as required by applicable law enforcement agencies. THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES AND CONTENT WAMU websites may contain links to other websites as a convenience to you. These websites may operate independently from WAMU’s websites and if you decide to use these links, you will leave WAMU’s website. WAMU is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites and does not make any representations or endorsements about them. If you decide to leave WAMU’s website and access any third-party website, we strongly suggest you review the privacy notice or policies of that third-party website, as WAMU’s policies will no longer govern. You should review the applicable terms and policies, including privacy and information gathering practices, of these third-party sites. RETENTION OF INFORMATION AND SECURITY Information you provide to WAMU will be retained in accordance with WAMU’s record retention schedule, applicable laws, or until such time the service requested is no longer available. WAMU maintains administrative, technical, and physical safeguards to protect against loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction of the information you provide when visiting or using WAMU websites. WAMU implements appropriate security measures to promote the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of any information in the possession (or control) of WAMU. WAMU utilizes Transport Layer Security (TLS) encryption technology (“https” or a lock in the browser address bar) for instances where WAMU websites process your personal information. The purpose of TLS is to protect your information from being viewed by an unauthorized person. Additionally, some features on WAMU websites may enable credit card transactions in order for you to make a donation or register for an event. WAMU subcontracts the processing of online transactions to third-party services providers that comply with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS). RIGHTS FOR INDIVIDUALS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA) If you reside in a member state of either the European Union or European Free Trade Association that is a party to the EEA Agreement (collectively, EU Residents), you have the right to access personal information WAMU has collected about you for the purpose of reviewing, modifying, correcting, or requesting erasure of your information. You may also have the right to request a copy of your information. Further, you may also request that WAMU restrict or stop processing your information. Finally, you may object to communications, direct marketing, or automated processing of your personal information. To the extent applicable, the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation provides further information about your rights. You also have the right to lodge complaints with your national or regional data protection authority. If you wish to exercise these rights, please contact us at the address included under the “Contact” section, below. To protect the personal information WAMU holds, WAMU may also request further information to verify your identity when exercising these rights. Upon a request to erase information, WAMU will maintain a core set of personal information to ensure we do not contact you inadvertently in the future, as well as any information necessary for archival or other legal purposes. We may also retain financial information for legal purposes, including United States Internal Revenue Service compliance. Additionally, in the event of an actual or threatened legal claim, WAMU may retain your information for purposes of establishing, defending against, or exercising our rights with respect to such claim. By providing information directly to WAMU, you consent to the transfer of your personal information outside of the EEA to the United States. Please note that the current laws and regulations of the United States may not provide the same level of protection as the data and privacy laws and regulations of the EEA.CHILDREN If you are a US or EU resident under the age of 16, please do not provide any personal information on this website or through any of its features, unless authorized by parental consent. For more information, US residents may consult the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, and EU residents may consult the General Data Protection Regulation. If a parent or guardian believes that WAMU has collected personal information about a child without their consent, please contact us immediately, at the address included under the “Contact” section below, so that WAMU can take appropriate action. CONTACT If you wish to ask questions, raise concerns, or make a report with respect to this Privacy Notice regarding how WAMU processes personal information, please send an email to privacy@wamu.org . You may also request we not trade, exchange, or swap your information with other organizations by emailing us at this address. UPDATES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE WAMU may modify this Privacy Notice from time to time, at our sole discretion. We recommend you read the notice periodically. If we make any significant changes to this Privacy Notice that increase WAMU’s rights to use personal information that we previously collected about you, we will obtain your consent through an email to your registered email address or by prominent posting on WAMU’s websites. If WAMU intends to further process collected personal information for a purpose other than that for which the information was collected, prior to that further processing, WAMU shall provide you with information on that other purpose with additional information necessary to ensure fair and transparent processing. Last modified on : May 26, 2021 Follow Us Get Our Newsletter WAMU 88.5 American University Radio Mailing Address: PO Box 98101 | Washington, DC 20090-8101Station Address: 4401 Connecticut Ave, NW Washington, DC 20008 More WAMU 88.5 LIVE All Things Considered 6:30 - 8 PM ET Link More This website uses cookies to enhance your experience. Read our Privacy Notice . Close GDPR Cookie Settings Privacy Overview Strictly Necessary Cookies GDPR Cookie Compliance Privacy Overview This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. Enable or Disable Cookies If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again.