Waze Privacy & Terms Waze Copyright Policy Waze Mobile Ltd. ("Waze") respects the intellectual property rights of others and requests the users of its services to do the same. If you believe that certain content, which appears on Waze real-time road maps (the "Service"), infringes upon copyrights that you own or represent, you may send Waze's designated copyright agent ("Copyright Agent") a written notification, stating the location of the copyrighted work claimed to be infringed, in accordance with the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"). Upon your notification, Waze may remove or disable access to any such con… Read more Terms of Use Welcome to Waze! These Terms of Use (“Terms”) govern your rights and obligations regarding the use of Waze’s Software (“Software”) and service (both collectively referred to as the “Service”) on the Internet or in cellular media. These Terms constitute a fully binding agreement between Waze Mobile Ltd. (including its affiliates and subsidiaries, “Waze” or “We”) the proprietor of all rights in and to the Service, and you. It is therefore recommended that you carefully read these Terms. By using the Waze Service, you signify your assent to these Terms; Waze’s privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”); a… Read more Waze Cookie Policy This policy explains how Waze Mobile Limited and its affiliates (“Waze”) uses cookies and your related choices. For more information on other ways we collect and use information from you and your use of our services, please see our Privacy Policy. In this policy we use the term “cookies” to refer to any applicable tracking technologies described herein. WHAT ARE COOKIES? A cookie is a small piece of text sent to your browser by a website you visit. It helps the website to remember information about your visit, like your preferred language and other settings. That can make your next visit easie… Read more Map Data Attribution Alle stedsnavn er hentet fra SSR ©Kartverket kartverket.no Kartverkets gratisprodukter lisensieres etter creative commons by 3.0 no Map Data (Japan): この地図の作成に当たっては、国土地理院長の承認を得て、同院発行の数値地図25000(空間デー タ基盤)を使用した。 National Land Numerical Information- Fuel Fill Station Data: 国土数値情報(燃料給油所データ)国土交通省 Numeri civici forniti dal Comune di Rimini Incident Data (Norway): Contains data under the Norwegian license for Open Government data (NLOD) distributed by NPRA Incident Data (Denmark): The Danish Road Directorate / Vejdirektoratet Laval incident feed provided by City of Laval. Quebec incident feed provided … Read more Waze Carpool Terms of Service Last modified: 20 July 2022 Welcome to Waze Carpool! The Service Waze Carpool is a carpool platform provided through the Waze service, including the Waze Carpool app and the Waze app (“Waze”), to connect Waze users that are looking for a ride (“Riders”) with Waze users that may be headed in the same direction (“Drivers”), both of them willing to share a ride. Waze Carpool is provided by either (i) Google LLC, with offices at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, if you are using the Service in the United States, Brazil or Mexico, or (ii) Google Ireland Limited, with offic… Read more Google Payments Terms of Service for Waze Carpool Please select the terms of service as a Rider or a Driver: Rider - Last modified: 16 May 2016 Driver - Last modified: 7 June 2018 Google Payments Terms of Service for Waze Carpool – Rider (US) 16 May 2016 These Terms of Service are a legal agreement, between you and Google Payment Corp. (“GPC” or “we”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Google Inc., that govern your access to and use of the Services (as defined below). Please review these Terms of Service before you decide whether to accept them and continue with the registration process. By agreeing to these Terms of Service, you represent the fol… Read more Waze Privacy Policy Waze Mobile Limited respects your privacy. Waze Mobile Limited and its affiliates (“Waze” or the “Company”) offer mapping, GPS navigation, community based services to users of www.waze.com (the “Website”) and/or users of Waze’s applications (the “Application”) (collectively referred to as the “Services”). When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information.We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can… Read more false ©2023 Google English‎ Deutsch‎English (United Kingdom)‎español‎español (Latinoamérica)‎français‎Indonesia‎italiano‎magyar‎Nederlands‎polski‎português‎português (Brasil)‎română‎slovenčina‎svenska‎čeština‎русский‎‏עבריתEnglish‎ Enable Dark Mode Send feedback about our Help Center true Search Help Center true true true Help CenterPopular topicsYour Waze accountNavigate with WazeFriends & socialWaze on in-car displaysWaze Live MapData & availabilityTroubleshooting & supportWaze Privacy & TermsWaze ComplianceCommunityWazePrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceSubmit feedback true true 99235 Send feedback on... false Search Clear search Close search Main menu Google appsWaze Privacy & Terms Waze Copyright Policy Waze Mobile Ltd. ("Waze") respects the intellectual property rights of others and requests the users of its services to do the same. If you believe that certain content, which appears on Waze real-time road maps (the "Service"), infringes upon copyrights that you own or represent, you may send Waze's designated copyright agent ("Copyright Agent") a written notification, stating the location of the copyrighted work claimed to be infringed, in accordance with the provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act ("DMCA"). Upon your notification, Waze may remove or disable access to any such con… Read more Terms of Use Welcome to Waze! These Terms of Use (“Terms”) govern your rights and obligations regarding the use of Waze’s Software (“Software”) and service (both collectively referred to as the “Service”) on the Internet or in cellular media. These Terms constitute a fully binding agreement between Waze Mobile Ltd. (including its affiliates and subsidiaries, “Waze” or “We”) the proprietor of all rights in and to the Service, and you. It is therefore recommended that you carefully read these Terms. By using the Waze Service, you signify your assent to these Terms; Waze’s privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”); a… Read more Waze Cookie Policy This policy explains how Waze Mobile Limited and its affiliates (“Waze”) uses cookies and your related choices. For more information on other ways we collect and use information from you and your use of our services, please see our Privacy Policy. In this policy we use the term “cookies” to refer to any applicable tracking technologies described herein. WHAT ARE COOKIES? A cookie is a small piece of text sent to your browser by a website you visit. It helps the website to remember information about your visit, like your preferred language and other settings. That can make your next visit easie… Read more Map Data Attribution Alle stedsnavn er hentet fra SSR ©Kartverket kartverket.no Kartverkets gratisprodukter lisensieres etter creative commons by 3.0 no Map Data (Japan): この地図の作成に当たっては、国土地理院長の承認を得て、同院発行の数値地図25000(空間デー タ基盤)を使用した。 National Land Numerical Information- Fuel Fill Station Data: 国土数値情報(燃料給油所データ)国土交通省 Numeri civici forniti dal Comune di Rimini Incident Data (Norway): Contains data under the Norwegian license for Open Government data (NLOD) distributed by NPRA Incident Data (Denmark): The Danish Road Directorate / Vejdirektoratet Laval incident feed provided by City of Laval. Quebec incident feed provided … Read more Waze Carpool Terms of Service Last modified: 20 July 2022 Welcome to Waze Carpool! The Service Waze Carpool is a carpool platform provided through the Waze service, including the Waze Carpool app and the Waze app (“Waze”), to connect Waze users that are looking for a ride (“Riders”) with Waze users that may be headed in the same direction (“Drivers”), both of them willing to share a ride. Waze Carpool is provided by either (i) Google LLC, with offices at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California 94043, if you are using the Service in the United States, Brazil or Mexico, or (ii) Google Ireland Limited, with offic… Read more Google Payments Terms of Service for Waze Carpool Please select the terms of service as a Rider or a Driver: Rider - Last modified: 16 May 2016 Driver - Last modified: 7 June 2018 Google Payments Terms of Service for Waze Carpool – Rider (US) 16 May 2016 These Terms of Service are a legal agreement, between you and Google Payment Corp. (“GPC” or “we”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Google Inc., that govern your access to and use of the Services (as defined below). Please review these Terms of Service before you decide whether to accept them and continue with the registration process. By agreeing to these Terms of Service, you represent the fol… Read more Waze Privacy Policy Waze Mobile Limited respects your privacy. Waze Mobile Limited and its affiliates (“Waze” or the “Company”) offer mapping, GPS navigation, community based services to users of www.waze.com (the “Website”) and/or users of Waze’s applications (the “Application”) (collectively referred to as the “Services”). When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information.We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control. This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can… Read more false ©2023 Google English‎ Deutsch‎English (United Kingdom)‎español‎español (Latinoamérica)‎français‎Indonesia‎italiano‎magyar‎Nederlands‎polski‎português‎português (Brasil)‎română‎slovenčina‎svenska‎čeština‎русский‎‏עבריתEnglish‎ Enable Dark Mode Send feedback about our Help Center Search Clear search Close search Main menu Google apps true Search Help Center true true true Help CenterPopular topicsYour Waze accountNavigate with WazeFriends & socialWaze on in-car displaysWaze Live MapData & availabilityTroubleshooting & supportWaze Privacy & TermsWaze ComplianceCommunityWazePrivacy PolicyTerms of ServiceSubmit feedback true true 99235 Send feedback on... false