Cookie & Privacy Policy As a digital agency, we want to give you the best User Experience that we can provide. That’s why we’re using cookies. Please scroll down the page to change your cookie preferences right away! Privacy We respect the privacy of all users of its website and shall ensure that the personal information you provide is treated confidentially and for the intended purposes only conform the applicable Dutch 'Wet Bescherming Persoonsgegevens'. When you interact with Triple, we sometimes receive personal information about you. For example, when you sign up for our newsletter, download a whitepaper or visit an event or webinar. If we think that our services might interest you or might be relevant for your business, one of our colleagues might get in touch with you. If you don’t want us to get in touch, please request to delete your data by sending an email to marketing@wearetriple.com . If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, you can also contact us at marketing@wearetriple.com . Responsible vulnerability disclosure acknowledgments Triple would like to thank the following security researchers not directly affiliated with Triple for their responsible disclosures: 2020 Ronak NaharRick Verdoes Cookies Triple uses performance cookies that help to improve the performance of the website and to offer you content that fits your interests based on your browsing history. Below you can change your preferences. Most browsers do have a standard configuration regarding the acceptance of cookies. You can reset your browser to decline all cookies or to instruct the browser when and which cookie you would like to permit. It may be possible that, when you decide to decline all or some cookies, our website will not function correctly as it is intended to. Functional cookies We use functional cookies to make sure the website works properly. This cookie keeps track of the number of times a visitor has been to the site, when their first visit was, and when their last visit occurred. Statistical cookies This cookie allows us to measure how you use the site. We use this cookie to do statistical analysis. Marketing cookies Our marketing cookie is a combination of social and advertising cookies. A social cookie allows us to share our content on social networks. These networks profile and track users. By accepting our Marketing Cookie, you allow social networks to track your browsing activity. The second part of our Marketing Cookie is advertising. This allows us to offer you tailored content, based on your browsing history on our website. By accepting our Marketing cookie, you will also allow advertising platforms to track your browsing behavior. Functional cookies Statistical cookies Marketing cookies Get in Touch Don't be shy, Let's Talk . Do you have a question or a world-changing project? Let’s shape the future together. Triple 2023 © Keesomstraat 10 E 1821 BS Alkmaar The Netherlands Tel: +31 72 5129516 Email: info@wearetriple.com Triple 2023 © Cookies We use cookies to enhance your experience. Our cookies do not contain any information that personally identifies you. Learn more at wearetriple.com/cookies