Data Privacy Get Started Resources and Support Already a Webroot Customer Renew or Upgrade Products Threat Protection Email Security Solutions Business Type Security Frameworks Get Started Not sure where to start? Help Me Choose See what Webroot can do for you Take a Free Trial Support Resources Partner Programs Resources And Support featured program learn more MSPs can become certified in Webroot sales and technical product skills. Threat Intelligence Services Resources And Support Partner with Us Get in Touch Company Overview Press Room Careers We're Hiring Search And Apply Products Virus Protection Data Privacy Get Started Resources and Support Products Threat Protection Email Security Solutions Business Type Security Frameworks Get Started Not sure where to start? Help Me Choose See what Webroot can do for you Take a Free Trial Support Resources Partner Programs Threat Intelligence Services Resources And Support Company Overview Press Room Careers Webroot Email Message Privacy Securely share large files, manage digital rights and implement e-signatures Use any browser to securely send messages and large files (up to 100 GB) Limit access via digital rights management, which controls view, reply and forward options Request legally binding electronic signatures What is Email Message Privacy? Email Message Privacy empowers organizations to maintain full control over their messages through secure sharing of large files via a portal using any browser or via direct integration with Microsoft Office 365. This Software as a Service (SaaS) does more than enable large file sharing. It also includes powerful controls to limit viewing, replying and forwarding of emails. In addition, the service can employ legally binding signatures for critical transactions. Why is Email Message Privacy important? Organizations are increasingly reliant on sharing large files, which are not supported by many email platforms. When companies turn to public cloud sharing, they introduce significant security and compliance risks. Hybrid work coupled with a shift to the cloud have accelerated the reliance on electronic messages. Organizations need granular control and management of these messages – and their content – to maintain security, privacy and compliance. Benefits Simple integration into existing email and other communication channels Efficiently delivers large files securely, despite email server limitations. Ensures compliance with easy and secure message exchange plus file sharing Purpose built for MSPs and SMBs Intuitive management controls and comprehensive support Features No infrastructure investment needed Full mobile functionality support Integrates with Single Sign-On (SSO) environments Custom branding available Only pay for professional users, guest users are free Resources Datasheet For MSPs: Email Message Privacy Datasheet For SMBs: Email Message Privacy Have one of our experts demonstrate the value of Email Message Privacy for your business. Request a Demo First Name Last Name Job Title Company Name Email Address Phone Number Num of Employees Country: 385 Interlocken Crescent Suite 800 Broomfield, CO 80021 USA Copyright © 2023 Open Text Corporation. All rights reserved. We have recently updated our Privacy Policies. We encourage you to read the full terms here . 385 Interlocken Crescent Suite 800 Broomfield, CO 80021 USA Welcome back! Stay protected and renew your subscription before it's too late! We use cookies and similar technologies (including third party cookies from our partners) to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, assist in our advertising and marketing efforts, and provide social media features. They also help deliver a more personalized experience and content. Sometimes we may share cookie data with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. By clicking "Accept All" you will accept all cookies and by clicking "Reject All" all cookie categories will be disabled, except for the Strictly necessary cookies. Under "Cookies Preferences" you can update or manage your settings at any time. See our Cookie Policy Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy Policy Introduction This Privacy Policy (‘policy’) applies to Open Text Corporation and its affiliates (hereinafter referred to as ‘OpenText’, ‘we’, ‘us’, ‘our’) and provides information on the collection, use and sharing of your personal information. This includes personal information collected via our websites and portals (‘Website’), our products, services or personal information collected from you directly, such as in person, via telephone or email, or indirectly through third parties in the course of our business. A current listing of our subsidiaries is available in our Annual Report . This policy applies to our subsidiaries to the extent they have access to your personal information. This policy does not apply to the extent we process your personal information in the role of a processor or service provider on behalf of our customers. OpenText supports the right to privacy and understands the importance of protecting personal information and complying with applicable data protection laws. We have appointed a Data Protection Officer for assisting with questions regarding this policy and the processing of your personal information. For details on how to contact us, see the Contact Information section below. This policy describes: What Data We Collect The personal information we process about you and how we collect it can vary depending on (a) the product(s) or service(s) you use; (b) how you use the product(s) or service(s); (c) how you have interacted with OpenText and (d) the personal information that we have obtained from a customer or from a third party with permission to share such information with us. Refer to the table below for more details on the categories of information collected and purposes of use. (for additional information, please refer to Table 1 under ‘Why We Use Your Data’) Contact and account registration information For example: Name, address, email, telephone number, username and password, country and language (collectively “Account Information”) Communicating with youProviding servicesPersonalizing your experienceControlling access to our services and usersUser authentication and other legal purposes Financial and transactional information For example: Credit card, debit card, banking or other payment information Providing servicesProcessing paymentsAuthentication and other legal purposes Device information and identifiers For example: The configuration of any device registered for use in connection with the products and services; also IP address, browser type and language, operating system, platform type, device type, software and hardware attributes, and unique device and application identifier Providing servicesControlling access to our services and usersPersonalizing your experienceUser authentication and other legal purposes Connection and usage data For example: Information about files you download, domain names, landing pages, usage activity, content viewed and accessed, dates and times of access, pages viewed, forms you complete or partially complete, search terms, uploads or downloads, whether you open an email and your interaction with email content, access times, error logs, URL accessed and other similar information Providing servicesPersonalizing your experienceControlling access to our services and usersUser authentication and other legal purposes Other information For example: Any other information you choose to provide to us directly or indirectly in connection with your use of the products and services or Websites Communicating with youProviding servicesPersonalizing your experienceControlling access to our services and usersUser authentication and other legal purposes Automated Decisions. To the extent permitted by applicable law, OpenText may collect data in an automated manner and make and use automated decisions about customers in order to provide or optimize the products and services, for security or analytics purposes, to display advertisements and offers based on individual preferences and for any other lawful purpose. Why We Use Your Data: OpenText processes personal information to respond to your requests, to provide you OpenText products and services, including information, support and delivery and access to online resources.Some of the specific purposes of use of your personal information include: Table 1 Communicating with you Account set up and administrationResponding to your requests for information and providing you with more effective and efficient customer service and technical supportMonitoring communications for quality and training purposesProviding you with transactional updates and information about products and services (e.g., updates to our products and services, information about your account or information about transactions that you conduct on products and services)In accordance with applicable legal requirements, contacting you by email, postal mail, phone or other means for marketing purposes Gathering feedback and opinions about our provided services (e.g., surveys)When you download position papers or white papersEvent registration and participationNotification to users of changes to our products and servicesCommunicating with you about our events, surveys, contests, sweepstakes and other promotionsAllowing you to participate in discussion boards or other social media functions on the Website Providing services Processing and fulfilling your requests using products and servicesMeeting our contractual commitments to youEngaging in analysis, research and reports to better understand how you use the products and services, so we can improve themBacking up, restoring and archiving dataUnderstanding and resolving reported problems with services or productsRecordkeeping and billing Personalizing your experience Customizing the user experience and showing customized contentInternal research and development to enhance our products, services and user experienceImproving our Website to ensure content is presented in an appropriate manner for you and your computer, as well as improve product and service offeringsAdministering our Website for internal operations, including but not limited to troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposesMeasuring or understanding the effectiveness of our advertising to you, and delivering or allowing our service providers to deliver relevant advertising to you, including interest-based advertising (otherwise known as “online behavioral advertising”) Protecting our services and users Monitoring, preventing and detecting fraud, such as through verifying your identityCombatting spam or other malware or security risksMonitoring, enforcing and improving the security of our services Defending our legal rights and compliance with the law Complying with any applicable procedures, laws and regulationsEstablishing, exercising or defending our legal rights (e.g., to enforce compliance with our Terms of Use, Privacy Policies or to protect our services, users or others)Fulfillment of obligations outlined in any agreements OpenText may combine the personal information you provide with information that is not collected directly from you. Data not provided directly by you may be supplied by OpenText’s vendors and/or partners. Refer to Personal Information Collected from Third Parties for additional information. Also, see Cookie Technology section for details on what and how we collect using cookies and similar tracking technologies. In certain circumstances, if you do not provide us with personal information we need, we may not be able to provide certain products or services or comply with our legal obligations. We will let you know when we need personal information from you and the consequences of failing to provide us with that personal information. The legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned, applicable privacy laws and specific context in which we collect it, such as: With customer or user consent,Where the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract,Where necessary to comply with law andWhere the processing is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests, taking into account individual interests. Refer to Table 1 for list of legitimate interests. How We Collect Your Data We collect personal information through various means, for example, via our Website(s), order forms and through provision of products or services, from third-party service providers, customer support activities and at meetings, exhibitions and events (both physical or digital). Your employer, as a customer or partner of OpenText, may provide your contact information as required to provide OpenText products or services. We also collect personal information where you or your employer is a customer of a business we may acquire. We may also collect information about you on CCTV when you visit our premises or on other security cameras as part of our security and crime prevention measures. The Website(s) may also collect information about your visits to the Website without you actively submitting such information through cookie technology.Cookies : OpenText uses cookies to collect information about the use of its Website(s), either directly or through third-party tracking providers. For more information, refer to our Cookie Policy . Do Not Track (DNT) : Your browser setting may allow you to automatically transmit a "Do Not Track" (DNT) signal to websites and online services that you visit. There is no consensus among industry participants as to what DNT means in this context, and some browsers automatically apply DNT signals by default and therefore do not necessarily reflect our visitors' choice as to whether they wish to receive advertisements tailored to their interests. As a result, like many websites, we do not respond to a DNT signal from a visitor's browser. To find out more about DNT, please visit http://allaboutdnt.com . However, you may elect not to accept cookies by changing the designated settings on your web browser or opting out of the OpenText cookies. Please note that if you do not accept certain cookies, you may not be able to use all functions and features of our Website(s). Consent for use of cookies varies depending on the jurisdiction. Click here for more information about OpenText’s Cookie Policy and options on how to manage your cookies preferences. Personal Information Collected from Third Parties : OpenText obtains personal data from third parties. For example, OpenText may collect and receive personal information about you from companies that distribute OpenText products by way of co-branded or private-labeled websites. Companies with which OpenText partners to market, resell and distribute its products and services, which may include the payment gateways we work with, also may supply us with personal information in order to help us fulfil orders and provide services. We may also collect your personal information from public sources or from data brokers (for example, LinkedIn, ZoomInfo, Dun & Bradstreet) to the extent the local regulations allow. Personal information collected through such sources may include your name, email address, mailing address, business phone and job title. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via our Website or other sources. How We Share Your Data OpenText may share personal information with its affiliates, business partners (including those who resell or distribute our products and services), service providers (including website, software, infrastructure and application providers), payment gateways, customer service, event/campaign management, cloud hosting providers, credit reference agencies, debt agencies, professional advisors, marketing agencies (including event or promotion partners or sponsors), third-party networks and websites, database providers, backup and disaster recovery specialists, analytics and email providers) and agents working on our behalf. We may be required to share personal information with a third party or body where such disclosure is required to satisfy applicable law or other legal or regulatory requirement, or to protect the rights or property of OpenText or others. This can include in response to lawful requests from a competent authority or body and to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. If all or any part of our business is re-organized or sold to or there is a joint venture with another organization, we may need to provide your information to that organization. We may also be the recipient of personal information when we acquire another organization or a part of their business or enter into a joint venture with them. Where third parties are performing processing on our behalf, OpenText will require these organizations to adopt adequate technical and organizational security measures to protect personal information and to ensure the processing of personal information is only performed as instructed by OpenText and for no other purposes. Personal information may be processed outside the country of your residence by our affiliates, partners or service providers and agents working on our behalf. The transfer to other countries by OpenText and its affiliates shall be in accordance with applicable data protection legislation, which may include an adequacy decision or appropriate safeguards. Appropriate safeguards may include: OpenText and third parties entering into the EU Model Clauses approved by the European Commission. How We Protect Your Data Protecting your data, both online and offline, is a priority for us. We have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information and ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk. All our employees are subject to confidentiality agreements and undergo annual training on the proper handling of personal information. OpenText is committed to protect all personal information and is cognizant of its obligations under applicable data protection laws.For further details, including information on industry standard certifications of our products, please refer here . Links to other websites or locations may be provided for your convenience but do not signify our endorsement of such other websites or locations or their contents. When you click on such links, you will leave the OpenText website and go to another site. When this happens, a third party may collect personal information from you. Please be aware that the terms of this policy do not apply to such outside websites or content or to any collection of data after you click on a link to a third-party website or location. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy notice of any website you visit. How Long We Store Your Data OpenText will retain personal information for as long as needed to provide the relevant products or services or to fulfil the purposes for which the personal information was collected or as per the specific contractual terms. OpenText may also retain and use this information for a longer period as permitted or required by law, to comply with our legal, tax or regulatory obligations (e.g., audit and accounting requirements), handle disputes, to exercise or defend claims and enforce our agreements. We ensure that personal information we dispose of is de-identified or destroyed in a secure manner. Your Privacy Rights Your local applicable law may provide certain rights regarding the collection, use and sharing of your personal information. You may request from OpenText access to, correction of, updating of and/or deletion of your personal information, or object to our use of your personal information in certain circumstances, in line with applicable data protection law. Your rights may differ according to your place of residence. Choice/Opting out of Marketing: OpenText offers you the choice of receiving different types of communications and information related to our products and services. You may subscribe to e-newsletters or other publications; you may also elect to receive marketing communications and other special offers from us via email. If at any time you would like to change your communication preferences, we provide unsubscribe links and an opt-out mechanism in all our marketing communications or you may contact us. Note that if you opt out of marketing, you may still receive service-related messages from us (and you may still receive marketing messages for a short period after opting out while we update our records). Under GDPR and UK data protection law (and other applicable data protection regulations), you have rights we need to make you aware of. The rights available to you depend on your juridiction and our reason for processing your information: Your right of access You have the right to ask us for copies of your personal information. This right always applies. There are some exemptions, which means you may not always receive all the information we process. Your right to rectification You have the right to ask us to rectify information you think is inaccurate. You also have the right to ask us to complete information you think is incomplete. This right always applies. Your right to erasure You have the right to ask us to erase your personal information in certain circumstances. Your right to restriction of processing You have the right to ask us to restrict the processing of your information in certain circumstances. Your right to object to processing You have the right to object to processing if we are able to process your information because the process forms part of our public tasks or is in our legitimate interests. Your right to data portability This only applies to information you have given us. You have the right to ask that we transfer the information you gave us from one organization to another or give it to you. The right only applies if we are processing information based on your consent or under, or in talks about entering into a contract and the processing is automated. If we are processing your information for criminal law enforcement purposes, your rights are slightly different. Please see the relevant section of this notice. Exercise Your Privacy Rights: To exercise your privacy rights, please fill out the Data Subject Request form . Please direct any complaints or questions you may have with regard to our privacy practices to OpenText’s Data Protection Officer . You may also have the right to complain to the competent supervisory authority. Contact details of Data Protection Authorities in the European Economic Area can be found here , and in the UK here .Customer Data: If your personal data has been submitted to us by or on behalf of a customer to our products and services who is the controller of that personal information and we are the processor on their behalf, you will need to contact them directly if you wish to exercise any rights you may have under applicable data protection laws. If you make your request to us, we will need the name of that customer who submitted your data to us, and we will refer it on to them. CCPA: The California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) requires businesses to disclose if they sell personal information. OpenText does not sell personal information. OpenText may share personal information with third parties or allow them to collect personal information from our Website, products or services in certain situations, such as where they are our authorized service providers or business partners and have a contract with us, where you consent to or direct us to disclose the personal data to those parties, if you use our Websites or services to interact with those third parties or we are otherwise permitted or required to do so by law. We may also share personal information with or allow third parties to collect personal information from our Websites and apps (for example, through the use of cookies or similar technologies) to help us deliver advertising to you and to make it more relevant to you. This activity may be considered a sale under the CCPA. See our Cookie Policy for information on how to manage these. For details on how to manage advertising, visit Digital Advertising Alliance Consumer Choice. For your mobile device, you can review your device settings: Android devices allow you to opt out using “Opt-out of Ads Personalization” and Apple devices allow apps to include interest-based advertising only if you opt in using the app’s pop-up notice. California residents may request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, certain information about the personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that were shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the preceding calendar year. For details on how to contact us with a request in relation to your privacy rights, see the Contact Information section of this policy or call our toll free number 1-866-397-0207. For Data Subjects in Japan: Data Transfer to Outside of Japan: As described in the “How We Share Your Data” section above, OpenText may transfer your data to third parties, including the subsidiaries of OpenText (as listed in our Annual Report ), located outside of Japan. In addition, OpenText may transfer your data to outside of Japan in the course of entrusting certain data processing work. Joint Use: OpenText may jointly use your data under the following conditions: The types of personal data jointly used: as listed in the table below section “What Data We Collect and Why We Use It.”The purpose of the joint use: to respond to your requests, to provide you OpenText products and services, including the purpose as listed in “Table 1” above.The entities that engage in the joint use: the subsidiaries of OpenText, available in our Annual Report . The entity responsible for the joint use: OpenText Corporation (Corporate HQ: 275 Frank Tompa Drive, Waterloo ON N2L 0A1, Canada). Children’s Privacy OpenText encourages parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities. Our Services are not aimed at people under 18 and OpenText does not knowingly collect personal information from children without appropriate parental or guardian consent. If you believe that we may have collected personal information from someone under the age of 13 (or the applicable age of consent) without proper consent, please submit your complaint in writing to the address found in the Contact Information section. Contact Information OpenText’s Data Protection Officer can be reached at DPO@opentext.com or by mail at: OpenText Data Protection OfficerProf. E.M. Meijerslaan 11183 AV AmstelveenThe Netherlands OpenText Global Privacy & Compliance275 Frank Tompa DriveWaterloo, OntarioN2L 0A1Canada UK and EU representatives for OpenText and its affiliates can be reached at DPO@opentext.com . Changes to this Privacy Policy OpenText may update this policy from time to time. If we modify this policy, we will post the revised version here. You should review this page periodically for updates. If we make a change that significantly affects your rights or, to the extent we are permitted to do so, significantly changes how or why we use personal information, we will notify you by way of a prominent notice or pop-up on our Website.Note: In addition to the entities referenced above, this policy applies to: The products and services of Total Defense, LLC (formerly known as Total Defense, Inc.), a subsidiary of Open Text Corporation, including its Total Defense Mobile Security product; and The products and services of Webroot, LLC (formerly known as Webroot Inc.), a subsidiary of Open Text Corporation, including its Webroot Mobile Security and Webroot for Chromebook. This policy was last updated June 2023. OpenText footer Solutions Products Support & Services Partners Resources News & Events About us Choose your country. Current selection is the Global website. 1-800-499-6544 Call us now! OpenText on LinkedInOpenText on TwitterOpenText on Youtube Copyright © 2023 Open Text Corporation. All Rights Reserved. Powered by OpenText TeamSite We use cookies and similar technologies (including third party cookies from our partners) to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, assist in our advertising and marketing efforts, and provide social media features. They also help deliver a more personalized experience and content. Sometimes we may share cookie data with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. By clicking "Accept All" you will accept all cookies and by clicking "Reject All" all cookie categories will be disabled, except for the Strictly necessary cookies. Under "Cookies Preferences" you can update or manage your settings at any time. See our Cookie Policy Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social Media Cookies Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Performance Cookies checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest Switch Label label Switch Label label Switch Label label View Cookies Feedback