Additional layers of privacy Beyond end-to-end encryption, we add additional layers of protection to all of your conversations. Control the privacy you need You get to choose what you share, how you show up online, or who can talk to you. Chat lock Password protect your most personal chats, so that no one using your phone can see them. Learn more Disappearing messages With disappearing messages, you can control which messages stick around and for how long, by setting them up to disappear after you’ve sent them. Learn more Silence unknown callers Screen out spam and unknown contacts from calling you, so you can focus on conversations that really matter to you. Encrypted backups Keep your online backups private. Turn on encrypted backups to extend the security of end-to-end encryption to your messages saved in iCloud or Google Drive. Last seen and online Choose to be seen by only those you want. You can customize your privacy settings to choose who can see when you’re online, and when you last used WhatsApp. Security and safety Protect your account from hackers and scammers and stop unwanted chats. Learn more Explore more privacy controls Privacy check up Personalize your privacy settings with easy step-by-step guidance to the right level of protection for you. View once Send photos and videos that disappear after they’re opened. Group privacy settings You can choose who can add you to group chats. Profile photo privacy Decide who can see your profile photo. Status privacy Choose who can see your status updates. Face or Touch ID, and Fingerprint Lock Lock your WhatsApp so only you can access it. Leave groups silently Your group won’t get notified if you decide to exit the chat. Need more help? See all FAQs What is end-to-end encryption? What is two-step verification? What is last seen and online? What are disappearing messages? How do I block a user? See all FAQs Discover more features Learn more about what you can do on WhatsApp. Stayconnected Learn more Buildcommunity Learn more Expressyourself Learn more WhatsAppbusiness Learn more Download Download What we do Features Blog Security For Business Who we are About us Careers Brand Center Privacy Use WhatsApp Android iPhone Mac/PC WhatsApp Web Need help? Contact Us Help Center Coronavirus Security Advisories Download 2023 © WhatsApp LLC Terms & Privacy PolicyNew Privacy Features: Silence Unknown Callers and Privacy Checkup Protecting the privacy of your messages remains the driving force behind what we’re building at WhatsApp. While End-to-end encryption is the foundation to ensure your calls and messages are secure, we continue to add more layers of privacy on top including the recently launched Chat Lock to protect sensitive chats behind a password, Disappearing Messages that vanish, screenshot blocking for View Once, and the ability to keep your online presence private. Today, we’re excited to add two new updates to this growing list: Silence Unknown Callers and Privacy Checkup , which are available to users now. Silence Unknown Callers is designed to give you more privacy and control of your incoming calls. It helps to automatically screen out spam, scams, and calls from unknown people for increased protection. These calls will not ring on your phone, but will be visible in your Call list, in case it turns out to be someone important. To spread the word, we’re introducing Privacy Checkup to help make sure everyone knows about the options of protection on WhatsApp. This step-by-step feature guides you through important privacy settings to help you choose the right level of protection, all in one place. Selecting ‘Start checkup’ in your Privacy settings will navigate you through multiple privacy layers that strengthen security of your messages, calls, and personal information. Securing your private communication is important because we know people need a safe place to communicate. We’re taking this message around the world in new ways to help communicate why this is so important. Starting this week, we’re encouraging people to check in with one another securely via a private message so friends and loved ones know they have a safe space to open up. June 20, 2023 Tweet Share Download Download What we do Features Blog Security For Business Who we are About us Careers Brand Center Privacy Use WhatsApp Android iPhone Mac/PC WhatsApp Web Need help? Contact Us Help Center Coronavirus Security Advisories Download 2023 © WhatsApp LLC Terms & Privacy Policy