Consumer Privacy Rights Last Updated June 28, 2023 If you would like to remove your personal directory information (e.g., name, address, phone number, etc.) from public display on Whitepages’ websites and applications, please review the instructions in our FAQ here . If you are a resident of California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah or Virginia, you have additional rights under applicable state law, as set forth below. Whitepages is committed to data privacy and providing a simple and secure process for consumers to manage their personal information. 1. Rights for California Residents If you reside in California, the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (“CCPA”) provides you with certain rights. These rights are described in detail below. Please note, we will seek to verify your identity when we receive a verifiable individual rights request from you in order to ensure the security of your personal information. All terms not otherwise defined in this portion shall have the meanings as defined under the CCPA, along with any implementing regulations. Right to Opt-Out of Sale or Sharing You have the right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information. We provide three options to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information. You only need to make your request using one of the following: Make a request to a customer service agent by filling out our online form ;Submit an email request to privacyrequest@whitepages.com; ORFill out the automated tool in the box below with the URL of your Whitepages listing (instructions for obtaining the URL are below). Exercising your right using the automated tool will both opt you out of the sale and sharing of your information and will also remove your listing from the Whitepages website. You will need to provide a phone number and agree to Whitepages’ Terms of Service. The phone number will not be used for any purpose other than completing your opt-out request. If you would prefer not to provide a phone number or agree to Whitepages’ Terms of Service, please submit a request to a customer service agent using the first or second option ( online form or email) listed above. Instructions for Obtaining URL of Your Whitepages Listing: Visit whitepages.comEnter your name and city/state in the People Search filterClick on the result/listing that matches your identityCopy the URL/link in the browser for your listingPaste URL/link in the opt out tool here PLEASE NOTE : You do not have to create an account or make a purchase to submit an opt-out request. If you use the automated tool (option 3 above), you will need to provide a phone number and agree to Whitepages’ Terms of Service. The phone number will not be used for any purpose other than completing your opt-out request. If you would prefer not to provide a phone number or agree to Whitepages’ Terms of Service, please submit a request to a customer service agent using the first or second option (webform or email) listed above. You may need to provide additional information to a customer service agent so that your opt-out request may be processed. Once a listing is removed, all known connected listings are also removed and the requester's information will not be sold by Whitepages in any capacity regardless of how/where the information was obtained. If you should happen to find your listing, or an additional listing you believe relates to you, on the site after completing an opt-out request, please submit a request to a customer service agent using the first or second option (webform or email) above. CCPA opt-out requests may take up to 15 days to process but are often processed more quickly when feasible. Any agents making requests on your behalf may need to provide written, signed permission authorizing the agent to submit the request on your behalf. Global Privacy Controls : With respect to our sharing or selling personal information in the context of online tracking, Global Privacy Controls may allow you to opt out of the collection, sharing and use of your information and are available through certain browsers or plug-ins. If you reside in California, Whitepages will comply with the signal according to applicable laws and regulations. If you believe such signal is not being properly acknowledged, please ensure that you are using a signal that is compliant with your state’s requirements and that the IP address of your device reflects the state in which you reside. Learn more about the Global Privacy Control here: https://globalprivacycontrol.org/. Right to Deletion of Personal Data California residents have the right to request the deletion of personal data as prescribed in Section 1798.105(a) of the CCPA.Exceptions to this right of deletion include, among others: Public information that is made available by government agencies, including property records, street address and criminal records;Information that is used by Whitepages to detect and prevent fraudulent transactions and fraudulent use of personal data;Information that is used to deliver a product or service, such as a Whitepages Premium subscription or other purchase made on Whitepages; andInformation that Whitepages is legally required to store, such as information that falls under a court ordered legal hold. After a request to delete is made, Whitepages may retain certain personal data, as permitted or required by applicable law. We provide the following options for requesting deletion of your data: You may exercise your right under the CCPA to request deletion of your non-publicly available information. If you would like to exercise that right, please make a Deletion request using our online form. Alternatively, you may exercise your right under the CCPA to request deletion of your non-publicly available information by submitting an email to privacyrequest@whitepages.com. PLEASE NOTE: In order to ensure the security of your personal data and prevent fraudulent requests, we may need to collect personal data and other information such as your name, email or transaction history in order to verify your identity. You do not need to open an account to request deletion of your information. Any agents making requests on your behalf may need to provide written, signed permission authorizing the agent to submit the request on your behalf. Any authorized agents making requests on your behalf need to provide verification information. Right to Correct Personal Data You have the right to request that we correct inaccurate personal information that we collect or maintain about you, subject to verification. To exercise this right, please make a request using our online form. or submitting an email to privacyrequest@whitepages.com. Please note that we may treat a request to correct data as a request to delete, provided that the deletion will not negatively impact you. Whitepages is not able to correct data that originates from public records (e.g., property and court records). Right of Access to Personal Data You may request to receive a personalized data privacy disclosure. You have the right to request a disclosure of the personal information collected, sold, and shared about you and the purpose for doing so, unless such request proves impossible or would involve disproportionate effort. Upon submission of a verifiable consumer request, we will provide you with the following information: The categories of personal information we collected about you.The categories of sources from which we collected your personal information.Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling/sharing the personal information.The categories of third parties to whom we sold or disclosed personal information.The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you. If you would like to exercise this right, please make a request using the “I would like to know what personal data you’ve collected” selection in our online form. or by submitting an email to privacyrequest@whitepages.com. Right to Know You may request to receive details about how we collect, use, and share your personal information. You may request to receive pieces of personal information that we have collected about you. To exercise this right, please make a request using the “I would like to know what personal data you’ve collected” selection in our online form. or submitting an email to privacyrequest@whitepages.com. Right to Limit Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information If we use sensitive personal information at all, our use is confined to certain limited purposes, such as the following: (1) performing our service or providing goods, (2) detecting security incidents, (3) resisting malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal actions, (4) ensuring physical safety, (4) for short-term transient use, including certain non-personalized advertising, (5) maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, verifying customer information, or providing similar services, and (6) verifying and maintaining the quality or safety of a service or product to improve, upgrade, or enhance a service or product. As such, your right to opt-out does not apply to our use of your sensitive personal information. Right to not be Discriminated Against for Exercising Rights We do not discriminate against you for exercising any consumer privacy rights.If you choose to exercise any of your rights, we will not: Deny you goods or services;Charge you a different price or rate for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties;Provide you a different level or quality of good or services; orSuggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services. Verification In order to protect your personal information from unauthorized access or deletion, we may require you to verify your login credentials before you can submit a request to know, delete, or correct personal information. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect fraudulent or malicious activity, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification. If we cannot verify your identity, we will not provide, change or delete your personal information. Authorized Agents You may submit a request to know or a request to delete your personal information through an authorized agent. If you do so, the agent must present signed written permission to act on your behalf and be able to verify your identity when required. You may also be required to independently verify your identity with us. 2. Rights for Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah These rights only apply to those individuals who reside in Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, or Utah: Right to Know and Access You have the right to confirm whether or not we are processing your personal information and to access such personal information. Right to Correct You have the right to correct inaccuracies in your personal information, taking into account the nature of the personal information and our purposes for processing of such personal information. Right to Delete You have the right to delete personal information provided by or obtained about you. Right to Obtain a Copy You have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information that you previously provided to us in a portable and to the extent technically feasible, readily useable format that allows you to transmit the data to another controller without hindrance, where the processing is carried out by automated means. Right to Opt-Out You have the right to opt out of the processing of your personal information for purposes of: (1) targeted advertising, (2) the sale of personal information, or (3) profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning you. We will also collect opt-in or opt-out consent, depending on the state in which you reside. How to Exercise Your Rights for Residents of Colorado, Connecticut, Virginia, and Utah If you would like to remove your personal directory information (e.g., name, address, phone number, etc.) from public display on Whitepages’ websites and applications, please review the instructions in our FAQ here . Please direct any other rights requests or additional questions you may have regarding this Consumer Privacy Rights Notice to: support@whitepages.com. You may also opt out of targeted advertising by setting the Global Privacy Control. Learn more about the Global Privacy Control here: https://globalprivacycontrol.org/ . If you do submit a request, we may need to collect Personal Information and other information such as your name, email or transaction history in order to verify your identity. Authorized Agents You may submit a request to know or a request to delete your Personal Information through an authorized agent. If you do so, the agent must present signed written permission to act on your behalf and you may also be required to independently verify your identity with us. How to Appeal a Decision Made by a Controller If you submitted a request to exercise your rights and are dissatisfied with the decision made by us, you have the right to appeal that decision. Please contact support@whitepages.com to appeal the decision. Company Find Your Whitepages More Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelGeneral Privacy Policy Last Updated June 28, 2023 This Privacy Policy provides information regarding the collection, use and sharing of personal information by Whitepages, Inc. (“Whitepages”) in connection with Whitepages’ websites, mobile applications, products and services that link to this Privacy Policy, including your interactions with Whitepages for online or offline customer service, sales or marketing. Whitepages is located in the United States. The records we collect, use and share are limited to within North America, and some of our products and services are limited for use only in the United States and its territories. Click here to view our Terms of Use. If you reside in California, please click here to view the Whitepages California Privacy Notice. For California residents, the California Privacy Notice will control. If you reside in Virginia, Colorado, Connecticut, or Utah, please click here to see the applicable state-specific section below. A. INFORMATION WE COLLECT 1. What kind of personal information do we collect? We collect the following categories of personal information: (a) Contact and demographic data. We may collect your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data. We also may collect data about you such as your age, country, and preferred language. (b) Account credentials. We collect passwords and similar security information used for authentication and account access. (c) Usage data. We collect usage and behavioral data about how you use our products and services. This includes, but is not limited to, data such as the search terms you enter, the pages you visit, the links you hover over and click on, and the items you purchase. We may also collect information about browsing history and websites visited prior to, and subsequent to, our websites. We may also collect data about your device such as IP address, device identifiers, and data about the network, operating system, browser, and software you use to connect to our products and services. (d) Location data. We may collect location data derived from your IP address. (e) Payment data. If you make a purchase, we collect data necessary to process your payment, such as your name, credit card number, and security code. (f) Support data. If you contact Whitepages customer support, we may collect the content of your communications with Whitepages. Phone conversations or correspondence with our representatives may be monitored and recorded. (g) Directory and public record data. Whitepages also collects and licenses data from third-parties to provide its people search and directory services. This data includes name, current and former address, phone number, possible aliases, possible relatives and associates, date of birth, email address, property records, traffic and criminal records, public records, licenses records, and permit records. 2. Why do we collect personal information? We collect and use personal information in order to provide useful products and services, including our online directory service, to you and others. We also use this data to improve the quality of those products and services, to process payments, for fraud prevention, for advertising purposes, to comply with legal requirements, and to provide customer support to our users. We also use data to verify information we have received from other sources, to help us analyze the usage and effectiveness of our products and services, and to improve our products and services. We may use data to resolve disputes and enforce our agreements, and to protect our users against fraud and abuse. We may also use data to send you communications, including promotional communications, or to serve advertising to you. 3. Do we share or sell personal information? We share personal information with users to provide useful products and services, including our online directory service. We also share data as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any service you have requested or authorized. For example, when you provide payment data to make a purchase, we will share payment data with entities that process payment transactions and for fraud prevention. We share data with companies working on our behalf, such as vendors we have hired to provide customer service or data analytics. We may disclose and sell data as part of a corporate transaction such as a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, or sale of assets. We also share data when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to comply with applicable law, to respond to a legal process, such as a subpoena, or to help prevent the loss of life or serious injury of anyone. Under certain circumstances, applicable law may prohibit or require us to provide you with additional notice regarding sharing of data. We may, unless legally required to provide you notice, disclose data in response to a subpoena without giving you notice.Finally, we may share data with our third-party advertisers so that they can deliver relevant online and mobile advertising to you. 4. How do we collect information? The data we collect depends on the services and features of our products that you use. You provide some data directly, such as when you create an account, submit a search query, or contact us for support. Our servers collect information known as “log data,” that includes your IP address, the time your computer or device visited the site, the URL of the website you arrived from, and the type of device or browser you used to access the site. We and our partners also get information by recording how you use our services and whether you navigate between our services and other sites. For example, we use cookies (small text files placed on your device) and web beacons (small graphic images contained in a Web page or email) and may receive usage data from software running on your device. Our partners may use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies for similar purposes. For example, ad networks may place or recognize a cookie on a visitor's computer to understand web usage patterns of people who see advertisements and show advertising based on this combined information, including advertising for our products. Web beacons or similar technologies from third-party analytics providers may help us compile aggregated statistics about our services, and the effectiveness of our websites, promotional campaigns or other operations. We may also obtain information about users and non-users from third party sources, including surveys or questionnaires, data licensors, public records, affiliated entities, marketing companies, and other consumers who use our products. We use this information to validate and enrich information in our databases so that we can provide and improve services to users of our products. 5. How do we protect your information? We have implemented commercially reasonable precautions to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware that despite our best efforts, no data security measures can guarantee 100% security. You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer/phone, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity. 6. How do you access and control your personal information? You may use your account to access, correct, or change any personal information that you have provided to us or that is associated with your account. You may also email our customer support team at support@whitepages.com. If you would like to stop receiving marketing materials messages from Whitepages, please provide us with the email address you would like to unsubscribe by mailing support@whitepages.com. Please note that you may still receive account and billing notices from us, if applicable. If you would like to remove a listing associated with your identity, please refer to our FAQ for options and instructions. RESIDENTS OF COLORADO, CONNECTICUT, UTAH AND VIRGINIA PLEASE NOTE: If you are a resident of one of these states, you have additional consumer privacy rights. You can review those rights and how to exercise them here . B. INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THIRD PARTIES 1. What information is collected by third parties when you visit our websites? Third parties may collect information during your visits to our websites and use of our mobile applications. Such information includes searches you perform (e.g., names searched, locations searched) and general information about you (e.g., browser type, mobile device type, unique user ID, mobile carrier, IP address, date and time of your visits, locality, pages viewed). Certain products and services may collect specific information such as your name, phone number, IP address, etc., but unless you provide specific details about yourself, information collected by such third parties will generally be limited to non-personally identifiable information. 2. How is information collected by third parties? Third parties may collect information by using cookies, web beacons, or other technologies. A cookie is a small file that contains a unique ID tag and stores information (e.g., pages visited, information voluntarily provided). A web beacon is a small graphic file used to identify if a page has been viewed. 3. Why do these third parties collect information?Third parties may collect information in order to (i) deliver relevant online and mobile advertising to you both on and off our sites; (ii) help us provide or analyze usage and effectiveness of our products and services; and (iii) for their own business purposes (e.g., such as to report aggregate, non-personally identifiable information about the use of their services and technologies). 4. How will they use the information they collect? Will they share it? Collection and use of data is subject to the privacy policies of the third party companies with whom we work, such as the privacy policy of Amazon or Google . Accordingly, please review those policies for specific information. 5. How do I stop the collection and use of my information by third parties? To exercise choices regarding information collection for purposes of relevant online advertising, click here . If you prefer not to have your data collected and analyzed by Google, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on . If you prefer to opt-out of personalized advertising from Amazon, click here . Some browsers may allow users to automatically transmit a “Do Not track” signal to web sites and online services, but, because there is no consensus on how “Do Not track” signals should be interpreted, Whitepages currently does not alter its practices when it receives a “Do Not track” signal from a user's browser. 6. What about interest-based advertising? We follow the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (about the collection and use of data for interest-based advertising) and expect third parties to comply with the disclosure and notification program specified by principles. This means that third parties collecting and using this data are asked to provide a standard icon/link in or near their advertisements that will provide you with additional data about their privacy and advertising practices, as well as with the opportunity to directly opt-out of having your information collected. To exercise choices about receiving certain interest-based advertising, click here . Whitepages is not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties' opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs. Please be aware that, even if you are able to opt out of certain kinds of Interest-based Advertising, you may continue to receive other types of ads. Opting out only means that those selected members should no longer deliver certain Interest-based Advertising to you but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g., from other ad networks). Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit these opt-out webpages, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different device or web browser or use a non-browser-based method of access, your browser-based opt-out may not, or may no longer, be effective. C. MISCELLANEOUS 1. Children's privacy Our services are not intended for children under the age of 18. We do not knowingly publish information for anyone under the age of 18. If you know of anyone under the age of 18 whose information is published through our services, or have other concerns about children’s privacy, please write to Whitepages Privacy Manager, 2033 Sixth Avenue Suite #1100, Seattle, WA 98121 or contact Customer Service at support@whitepages.com 2. Changes to the Privacy Policy Please see the date at the top of this page for information about when it was last updated. We reserve the right to update the Privacy Policy at any time without providing notice specific to you. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. 3. How do you contact us? If you have any questions about this policy, please write to Whitepages' Privacy Manager, 2033 Sixth Avenue Suite #1100, Seattle, WA 98121 or contact Customer Service at support@whitepages.com. D. State-Specific Rights This portion of our Privacy Policy applies only to residents of the following states: Connecticut, Colorado, Virginia, and Utah, and applies only to the extent of any inconsistency with the information above. We collect certain categories of personal information about you. This information is described in the “What kind of personal information do we collect?” section of our privacy policy located here . We collect and process these categories of personal information for numerous purposes. To learn more about the purposes for collection and processing, visit the “Why do we collect personal information?” section of this privacy policy located here . We may share website browsing activity to online analytics, targeted advertising and website customization providers. You have the right to opt out of this disclosure of your information. You may opt out by setting a browser-level opt-out, the Global Privacy Control.You may learn how to set that signal by going to this website: https://globalprivacycontrol.org/ . You may also opt-out by emailing support@whitepages.com. We do not knowingly sell or share the personal information of minors under 16 years of age. If you are a resident of Connecticut, Colorado, Virginia, or Utah, you have rights regarding your personal information, including the right to opt out of the sale of personal information. To learn about these rights and how to exercise them, visit our Consumer Privacy Rights notice located here . Company Find Your Whitepages More Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelCalifornia Privacy Notice / Notice at Collection Last Updated June 28, 2023 If you are not a resident of California, click here to be redirected to our General Privacy Policy. This California Privacy Notice / Notice at Collection (“Notice”) applies to “Consumers” as defined by the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and describes the collection, use and sharing of personal information by Whitepages, Inc. (“Whitepages”) in connection with Whitepages’ websites, mobile applications, products and services that link to this Notice, including your interactions with Whitepages for online or offline customer service, sales or marketing. Whitepages is located in the United States. The records we collect, use and share are limited to North America, and some of our products and services are for use only in the United States and its territories. A. NOTICE AT COLLECTION Whitepages collects personal information as set forth in this Notice. The categories of personal information that we collect are listed directly below under “Information We Collect,” and the purposes for which we collect and use personal information are listed below under “Why Do We Collect Personal Information.” To learn more about how we share or sell personal information, please see the section below entitled “Do We Sell or Share Personal Information?” To learn more about your privacy rights and how to exercise them, including your right to opt out of the sale or sharing of your personal information, please navigate to the “Consumer Privacy Rights” page here . B. INFORMATION WE COLLECT 1. What kind of personal information do we collect? We collect the following categories of personal information: (a) Contact and demographic data. We may collect your first and last name, email address, postal address, phone number, and other similar contact data. We also may collect data about you such as your age, country, and preferred language. (b) Account credentials. We collect passwords and similar security information used for authentication and account access. (c) Usage data. We collect usage and behavioral data about how you use our products and services. This includes, but is not limited to, data such as the search terms you enter, the pages you visit, the links you hover over and click on, and the items you purchase. We may also collect information about browsing history and websites visited prior to, and subsequent to, our websites. We may also collect data about your device such as IP address, device identifiers, and data about the network, operating system, browser, and software you use to connect to our products and services. (d) Location data. We may collect location data derived from your IP address. (e) Payment data. If you make a purchase, we collect data necessary to process your payment, such as your name, credit card number, and security code. (f) Support data. If you contact Whitepages customer support, we may collect the content of your communications with Whitepages. Phone conversations or correspondence with our representatives may be monitored and recorded. (g) Directory and public record data. Whitepages also collects and licenses data from third-parties to provide its people search and directory services. This data includes name, current and former address, phone number, possible aliases, possible relatives and associates, date of birth, email address, property records, traffic and criminal records, public records, licenses records, and permit records. The chart below describes the categories of personal information Whitepages may have collected in the past twelve months and from whom we collected the personal information, listed by category of personal information. Identifiers What we collect: Including, but not limited to the following Name (first, last, maiden name, and/or potential aliases); possible relatives and associates; date of birth; home address, billing address, or other physical address; email address(es); telephone number(s).Property records, criminal and traffic records, licenses and permits; and other public records. Device identification information used to access our websites.Information collected passively via cookies and similar technology.IP addresses, device identifiers, and application identifiers.Account information, including login and password for subscribers and customers.Payment information, including credit card information for subscribers and customers.License or identification card information From whom we collect it (by category of sources): Information you provideInformation collected passively via cookies and similar technologyAdvertising partnersData licensorsGovernment entitiesInformation that is publicly availableOther consumers who use our products Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute information that identifies, relates to, describes, or is capable of being associated with, a particular individual, including, but not limited to, an individual’s name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information. Note that personal information in this category may overlap with other categories. Note that personal information in this category may overlap with other categories.What we collect: Including, but not limited to the following: Name (first, last, maiden name, and/or potential aliases); possible relatives and associates; date of birth; home address, billing address, or other physical address; email address(es); telephone number(s).Property records, criminal and traffic records, licenses and permits; and other public records.Device identification information used to access our websites.Information collected passively via cookies and similar technology.IP addresses, device identifiers, and application identifiers. Account information, including login and password for subscribers and customers.Payment information, including credit card information for subscribers and customers.License or identification card information. From whom we collect it (by category of sources): Information you provideInformation collected passively via cookies and similar technologyAdvertising partnersData licensorsGovernment entitiesInformation that is publicly availableOther consumers who use our products Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law An individual’s age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information). What we collect: Including, but not limited to the following: Age, date of birth. From whom we collect it (by category of sources): Information you provideData licensorsGovernment entitiesInformation that is publicly available Commercial information What we collect: Including, but not limited to the following: Records of online services you purchased, obtained, or considered purchasing from us.Property records From whom we collect it (by category of sources): Information you provideData licensorsGovernment entitiesInformation that is publicly available Biometric information What we collect: Including, but not limited to the following: Audio recordings as part of contact with you, for customer support or otherwise. From whom we collect it (by category of sources): Information directly collected from you. Internet or other similar electronic network activity What we collect: Including, but not limited to the following: Information about your interactions with the website, for example, when you view or search content, we receive and track that information; log file information; information such as the website(s) you visited, when you visited the website, how long you stayed, your behavior while you are on our website and from what device you accessed the website.Information collected from advertising partners.Information about your interactions with online forms; for example, the use of autofill, number of pauses, length of time to complete a field, number of errors, number of changed answers, typing fluency and number of repeat interactions. From whom we collect it (by category of sources): Information directly collected from youInformation collected passively via cookies, web beacons and similar technologyData licensorsAdvertising partners Geolocation data What we collect: Including, but not limited to the following: IP address of the device you use to access Whitepages sites and applications. From whom we collect it (by category of sources): Information directly collected from you.Information collected passively via cookies, web beacons and similar technology.Sensory data What we collect: Including, but not limited to the following: Audio and electronic recording, for example, when you call in with a question to customer service. From whom we collect it (by category of sources): Information directly collected from you. Professional or employment-related information What we collect: Including, but not limited to the following: Professional licenses or permits From whom we collect it (by category of sources): Information you provide.Data licensorsGovernment entitiesInformation that is publicly available Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act) We do not collect this category of information Inferences drawn from other personal information What we collect: Including, but not limited to the following: Site preferences and behavior, such as the website(s) you visited, when you visited the website, how long you stayed, your behavior while you are on our website and from what device you accessed the website. From whom we collect it (by category of sources): Information directly collected from you.Information collected passively via cookies, web beacons and similar technology.Information collected from advertising partners. 2. Why do we collect personal information? We collect and use personal information in order to provide useful products and services, including our online directory service, to you and others. We also use this data to improve the quality of those products and services, to process payments, for fraud prevention, for advertising purposes, to comply with legal requirements, and to provide customer support to our users. We also use data to verify information we have received from other sources and to help us analyze the usage and effectiveness of our products and services. We may use data to resolve disputes and enforce our agreements, and to protect our users against fraud and abuse. We may also use data to send you communications, including promotional communications, or to serve advertising to you. The chart below describes our purpose for collecting personal information, listed by category, during the past twelve months.Identifiers and personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute To provide and improve online directory and public record products and servicesTo verify the accuracy of our dataFraud preventionAccount set up for site usage, transactions, and subscriptionsTo verify your identity for a verifiable legal requestTo display, optimize, and provide personalized advertisementTo communicate with you, including for promotions and offersTo provide customer serviceTo conduct surveys used for research, analytics, and to enhance our product development and offerings For marketing of our products and servicesTo process your requests, purchases, and other communications about our websites and online servicesFor product development and research Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law To provide and improve online directory and public record products and servicesTo verify the accuracy of our dataFraud preventionAccount set up for site usage, transactions, and subscriptionsTo verify your identity for a verifiable legal request, such as a request to delete personal informationTo display, optimize, and provide personalized advertisementTo communicate with you, including for promotions and offersTo provide customer service To conduct surveys used for research, analytics, and to enhance our product development and offeringsFor marketing of our products and servicesTo process your requests and purchases, transactional and other communications about our websites and the online servicesFor product development and research Commercial information To provide and improve online directory and public record products and servicesTo verify the accuracy of our dataFraud preventionAccount set up for site usage, transactions, and subscriptionsTo verify your identity for a verifiable legal request, such as a request to delete personal informationTo display, optimize, and provide personalized advertisementTo communicate with you, including for promotions and offersTo provide customer service To conduct surveys used for research, analytics, and to enhance our product development and offeringsFor marketing of our products and servicesTo process your requests and purchases, transactional and other communications about our websites and the online servicesFor product development and research Biometric information For customer service purposes and to support consumersTo train agents to ensure best customer service deliveryTo ensure legal and compliance obligationsTo help answer questions and resolve disputesFor customer service training purposes and to ensure customer satisfaction Internet or other similar electronic network activity To improve search results and website/app performanceTo display, optimize, and personalize advertisementsTo measure advertising effectivenessTo perform website analysisTo prevent fraud and improper site usage Geolocation data To meet legal requirementsTo improve search results and website/app performanceTo prevent fraud and improper site usageAccount set up for site usage, transactions, and subscriptionsTo display, optimize, and provide personalized advertisementFor marketing of our products and servicesFor product development and research Sensory data For customer service purposes and to support consumersTo train agents to ensure best customer service deliveryTo ensure legal and compliance obligationsTo help answer questions and resolve disputesFor customer service training purposes and to ensure customer satisfaction Professional or employment information To provide and improve online directory and public record products and servicesTo verify the accuracy of our data Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act) We do not collect this category of information. Inferences drawn from other personal information To create a customer profile in order to better optimize your customer experience and offer personalized advertisementsTo prevent fraudTo display, optimize, and provide personalized advertisementsTo communicate with you 3. Do we share or sell personal information? We share personal information with users to provide useful products and services, including our online directory service. We also share data as necessary to complete any transaction or provide any service you have requested or authorized. For example, when you provide payment data to make a purchase, we will share payment data with entities that process payment transactions, and for fraud prevention. We share data with companies working on our behalf, such as vendors we have hired to provide customer service or data analytics. We may disclose and sell data as part of a corporate transaction such as a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, or sale of assets.We also share data when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to comply with applicable law, to respond to a legal process, such as a subpoena, or to help prevent the loss of life or serious injury of anyone. Under certain circumstances, applicable law may prohibit or require us to provide you with additional notice regarding sharing of data. We may, unless legally required to provide you notice, disclose data in response to a subpoena without giving you notice. Finally, we may share data with our third-party advertisers so that they can deliver relevant online and mobile advertising to you. The chart below details how Whitepages may have sold or shared for a commercial purpose your personal information to third parties during the last twelve months. Identifiers and personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute General public (individual and commercial users of Whitepages websites or applications)Whitepages subscribers and customersAdvertisersData analytics providersPayment processing providersLegal process (e.g., subpoena)Customer service providerMarketing provider Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law General public (individual and commercial users of Whitepages websites or applications)Whitepages subscribers and customersAdvertisersData analytics providersPayment processing providersLegal process (e.g., subpoena)Customer service providerMarketing provider Commercial information General public (individual and commercial users of Whitepages websites or applications)Whitepages subscribers and customersAdvertisersData analytics providers Biometric information We do not sell/share this category of informationCustomer Service Provider Internet or other similar electronic network activity AdvertisersData analytics providersPayment processing providersLegal process (e.g., subpoena) Geolocation data AdvertisersData analytics providersLegal process (e.g., subpoena) Sensory data We do not sell/share this category of information.Customer service provider. Professional or employment-related information General public (individual and commercial users of Whitepages websites or applications)Whitepages subscribers and customersAdvertisersData analytics providersPayment processing providersLegal process (e.g., subpoena)Customer service providerMarketing provider Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act) We do not sell/share this category of information.We do not disclose for a business purpose this category of information. Inferences drawn from other Personal Information We do not sell/share this category of information.Data analytics providers 4. How do we collect information? The data we collect depends on the services and features of our products that you use. You provide some data directly, such as when you create an account, submit a search query, or contact us for support. Our servers collect information known as “log data,” that includes your IP address, the time your computer or device visited the site, the URL of the website you arrived from, and the type of device or browser you used to access the site. We and our partners also get information by recording how you use our services and whether you navigate between our services and other sites. For example, we use cookies (small text files placed on your device) and web beacons (small graphic images contained in a Web page or email) and may receive usage data from software running on your device. Our partners may use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies for similar purposes. For example, ad networks may place or recognize a cookie on a visitor's computer to understand web usage patterns of people who see advertisements and show advertising based on this combined information, including advertising for our products. Web beacons or similar technologies from third-party analytics providers may help us compile aggregated statistics about our services, and the effectiveness of our websites, promotional campaigns or other operations. We also obtain information about users and non-users from third party sources, including surveys or questionnaires, data licensors, public records, affiliated entities, marketing companies, and other consumers who use our products. We use this information to validate and enrich information in our databases so that we can provide and improve services to users of our products. 5. How do we protect your information? We have implemented commercially reasonable precautions to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware that despite our best efforts, no data security measures can guarantee 100% security.You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, phone, and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer/phone, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess, and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity. 6. How long do we keep your personal information? Whitepages holds personal information only as long as necessary to provide and improve its products and services, to ensure adequate backup of data for operational purposes, for fraud prevention, to implement, administer, and manage your requested services, and to comply with legal or regulatory obligations. When we no longer need personal information, we will remove it from our systems or fully anonymize it. If you have elected to receive marketing communications from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences until you opt out of receiving these communications and in accordance with our policies. To determine the appropriate retention period, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we use your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. We may also retain some information in a depersonalized or aggregated form. 7. How do you access and control your personal information? You may use your account to access, correct, or change any personal information that you have provided to us or that is associated with your account. You may also email our customer support team at support@whitepages.com. If you would like to stop receiving marketing materials messages from Whitepages, please provide us with the email address you would like to unsubscribe by mailing support@whitepages.com. Please note that you may still receive account and billing notices from us, if applicable. If you would like to remove a listing associated with your identity, please refer to our FAQ here for options and instructions. PLEASE NOTE: You have additional privacy rights under the California Privacy Protection Act (CCPA), including the rights to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information, the right to know what personal information is collected, the right to delete personal information, the right to correct inaccurate personal information, and the right to limit disclosure of sensitive personal information. You can review those rights and how to exercise them here . C. INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THIRD PARTIES 1. What information is collected by third parties when you visit our websites? Third parties may collect information during your visits to our websites and use of our mobile applications. Such information includes searches you perform (e.g., names searched, locations searched) and general information about you (e.g., browser type, mobile device type, unique user ID, mobile carrier, IP address, date and time of your visits, locality, pages viewed). Certain products and services may collect specific information such as your name, phone number, IP address, etc., but unless you provide specific details about yourself, information collected by such third parties will generally be limited to non-personally identifiable information. 2. How is information collected by third parties? Third parties may collect information by using cookies, web beacons, or other technologies. A cookie is a small file that contains a unique ID tag and stores information (e.g., pages visited, information voluntarily provided). A web beacon is a small graphic file used to identify if a page has been viewed. 3. Why do these third parties collect information? Third parties may collect information in order to (i) deliver relevant online and mobile advertising to you both on and off our sites; (ii) help us provide or analyze usage and effectiveness of our products and services; and (iii) for their own business purposes (e.g., such as to report aggregate, non-personally identifiable information about the use of their services and technologies). 4. How will they use the information they collect? Will they share it? Collection and use of data is subject to the privacy policies of the third party companies with whom we work, such as the privacy policy of Amazon or Google . Accordingly, please review those policies for specific information. 5. How do I stop the collection and use of my information by third parties? To exercise choices regarding information collection for purposes of relevant online advertising, click here . If you prefer not to have your data collected and analyzed by Google, you may install the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on . If you prefer to opt-out of personalized advertising from Amazon, click here .Whitepages is not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties’ opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs. Some browsers may allow users to automatically transmit a “Do Not track” signal to web sites and online services, but, because there is no consensus on how “Do Not track” signals should be interpreted, Whitepages currently does not alter its practices when it receives a “Do Not track” signal from a user's browser. Global Privacy Controls may allow you to opt out of the collection, sharing and use of your information and are available through certain browsers or plug-ins. If you reside in California, Whitepages will comply with the signal according to applicable laws and regulations. If you believe such signal is not being properly acknowledged, please ensure that you are using a signal that is compliant with your state’s requirements and that the IP address of your device reflects the state in which you reside. Learn more about the Global Privacy Control here: https://globalprivacycontrol.org/ . 6. What about interest-based advertising? We follow the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising (about the collection and use of data for interest-based advertising) and expect third parties to comply with the disclosure and notification program specified by principles. This means that third parties collecting and using this data are asked to provide a standard icon/link in or near their advertisements that will provide you with additional data about their privacy and advertising practices, as well as with the opportunity to directly opt-out of having your information collected. To exercise choices about receiving certain interest-based advertising, click here . Please be aware that, even if you are able to opt out of certain kinds of Interest-based Advertising, you may continue to receive other types of ads. Opting out only means that those selected members should no longer deliver certain Interest-based Advertising to you but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g., from other ad networks). Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit these opt-out webpages, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different device or web browser or use a non-browser-based method of access, your browser-based opt-out may not, or may no longer, be effective. D. MISCELLANEOUS 1. Children’s privacy Our services are not intended for children under the age of 18. We do not knowingly publish information for anyone under the age of 18. If you know of anyone under the age of 18 whose information is published through our services, or have other concerns about children’s privacy, please write to Whitepages Privacy Manager, 2033 Sixth Avenue Suite #1100, Seattle, WA 98121 or contact Customer Service at support@whitepages.com. 2. Changes to the California Privacy Notice Please see the date at the top of this page for information about when it was last updated. We reserve the right to update this Notice at any time without providing notice specific to you. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. 3. How do you contact us? If you have any questions about this Notice, please write to Whitepages Privacy Manager, 2033 Sixth Avenue Suite #1100, Seattle, WA 98121 or contact Customer Service at support@whitepages.com. E. CCPA Request Handling Below you will find information related to the CCPA requests received and handled by Whitepages in the calendar year of 2022, as per section 999.317 of the CCPA. Potential requests we receive are sometimes closed automatically after Whitepages receives no response from the requester. Whitepages sometimes denies requests if we are not provided with sufficient information to remove the relevant data from public view or to validate the identity of a requester when required. Deletion of Personal Data 8,738 8,075 663 12 Hours Opt-Out of Sale 19,317 19,070 247 12 Hours Access Personal Data 156 153 24 Hours Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Strictly Necessary Cookies Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label