PRIVACY POLICY WITHINGS YOUR PRIVACY AT THE HEART OF OUR SOLUTIONS We thank you for your trust and do our best to honor it. We process the personal data you entrust to us to help you improve your health with the utmost care. Respect for privacy is a core principle that we place at the heart of our strategy for developing our Products and Services. We are committed to a process of continuous improvement to ensure the utmost respect for your personal data. If you have any question please contact us . THE SECURED HOSTING OF HEALTH DATA, OUR DAILY PRIORITY We pay maximum attention to the security of the hosting of your health data. We apply demanding regulations and standards. Thus, in addition to our compliance with the GDPR, we are certified ISO 27001 and HDS (Health Data Hosting) which allows us to provide you with the same level of security as health professionals. We host health data on our certified health data processing platform , whose servers are located in France, at a European operator (BSO). GLOBAL AND UNIFORM APPLICATION This Policy applies uniformly to all Users of the Withings App, regardless of where you live. We take into consideration the regulations on the protection of personal data applicable to the markets in which WITHINGS sells its Products and Services. SUMMARY I. FEW KEY CONCEPTS The personal health data you entrust to us is sensitive data that we process in accordance with identified legal bases and with the highest security standards. II. SOURCE OF THE PERSONAL DATA WE PROCESS Personal Data is collected when you visit our website, use our Products and Services, browse on the application and contact customer support. III. YOUR CONSENT Your consent is collected in specific cases. You may withdraw it at any time. IV. PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA We process all Personal Data (as identified below) for a specific purpose and on an identified and necessary legal basis. We retain Personal Data for a specified period of time. V. DATA RETENTION When you use the Products and Services in Europe, your Personal Data is hosted in France and Health Data is not transferred outside the EEA. VI. EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS You can exercise your rights under GDPR by contacting us at privacy@withings.com. You may also file a complaint with the data protection supervisory authority. VIII. PATIENT PRIVACY POLICY Specific provisions regarding the collection and use of your Personal Information, its security and sharing with third parties apply to you if you use our Remote Patient Monitoring ("RPM") services. IX. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS The present privacy policy is subject to the General Terms and Conditions. I. FEW KEY CONCEPTS This Privacy Policy applies to the use of the Withings App published by WITHINGS. Withings App is a free application (web and mobile) that focuses on three areas: (i) health monitoring, (ii) motivation maintenance, (iii) installation of WITHINGS products. Withings App can be used alone or in conjunction with our products. The personal health data you entrust to us is sensitive data that we process in accordance with identified legal bases and with the highest security standards. 1.1. Personal Data relating to you « Anonymized Data » means data resulting from the processing of personal data in such a way as to prevent the identification of the data subject in an irreversible manner, taking into account the techniques that can reasonably be implemented. « Pseudonymized Data » means Personal Data that is not directly linked to a natural person without the use of additional information. « Personal Data » means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. This includes all kinds of information: last name, first name, postal address, e-mail address, etc. It also covers the notion of Personally Identifiable Information (PII) provided for by the American regulation. « Health Data » means personal data relating to your past, present or future state of health (physical or mental). Health Data is particularly sensitive data and is therefore subject to special protection measures. 1.2. GDPR Glossary GDPR means the General Data Protection Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council dated 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data. WITHINGS applies the GDPR all over the world. Legal basis designates the basis on which the Data controller may process personal data (including consent, performance of a contract, legitimate interest, safeguarding vital interests, legal obligation). Legitimate interest means the pursuit of the essential mission of the Data controller (WITHINGS processes non-identifying data to improve research on the basis of the legitimate interest). II.SOURCE OF THE PERSONAL DATA WE PROCESS Personal Data is collected when you visit our website, use our Products and Services, browse on the application. 2.1. Our website. Regarding the data collected on the website of WITHINGS, please refer to our Cookies Policy . 2.2. Use of Products and Services. The use of our Products and Services generates the creation of personal data in the following cases. a. Account creation. When you create a WITHINGS account, you fill in personal data relating to your identity, such as your name, surname(s), age, email address. This account allows you to access the Personal Data generated during the use of the Products and Services, and it also allows you to modify certain data. b. Use of our Products and Services. When you use our Products and Services, Personal Data is collected (such as number of steps, distance traveled, calories burned, weight, heart rate, sleep patterns, minutes of activity, and in some cases your location). The data collected will depend on the device you use and how you use it. You may consult the Privacy User Guide to learn about all categories of Personal Data processed by the Product. c. Partner Applications. When you connect your Withings App account with third-party applications or products, data from Withings App will be synchronized with those applications. WITHINGS may also collect data from these third-party applications or products to improve your experience and our Services. You should review the privacy policies of these third-party applications as our Policy Privacy only applies to our Products and Services. d. Customer Support. When you contact customer support, certain Personal Data relating to your WITHINGS account may be momentarily accessible by our teams depending on the problem encountered, such as data relating to the Products you use. No Health Data is accessible to our customer support staff without your prior consent. e. Event tracking. Some Personal Data is collected automatically when you use the Products and Services, including through the use of tracking devices. We collect technical information such as: IP addresses, language, operating system, location (as authorized by you), and smartphone information (model, version…). III. YOUR CONSENT Your consent is collected in specific cases. You may withdraw it at any time. 3.1. COLLECTION OF YOUR CONSENT. We collect your consent to process Personal Data for: Creating your Withings App account; Participating in our research programs; Sharing your Data with third-party partner applications; Enabling dual authentication (2FA); Marketing communications. 3.2. WITHDRAWAL OF YOUR CONSENT. At any time, you can withdraw your consent. To do so, simply: Delete your account ( here ) ; Uncheck "Research Center" in your notification center ( Android / iOS ) ; Remove the connection with third-party applications ; Remove double authentication in your account settings ( Android / iOS ) ; Uncheck "Promotional offer" in your notification center ( Android / iOS ). IV. PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA 4.1. NECESSITY OF PROCESSING. We collect Personal Data from you in order to provide the different purposes listed below. If you do not wish to provide it, you will not be able to access certain parts of the Products and Services, or services offered by our customer support. 4.2. LIST OF PROCESSING. A) USE OF OUR PRODUCTS AND SERVICES 1. Purchase and delivery of your WITHINGS products and services via our website PROCESSES DATA: Name / First name / Email address / Postal address / Phone number / Credit card number / IP address / MAC address of the purchased productLEGAL BASIS: Performance of the contract (acceptance of the Sales conditions)RETENTION PERIOD: WITHINGS must retain billing data for 10 years due to legal requirements. When you sign up for a Health+ subscription, your bank details may be stored with one of our partners to simplify the renewal of your subscription 2. Withings App account creation PROCESSED DATA: Email address / Date of birth / First and last name / Password (optional) / IP address / MAC address / Profile picture (optional) / Height / WeightLEGAL BASIS: Performance of the contract (acceptance of the Terms of Use)RETENTION PERIOD: Data is retained until you delete your Withings App account 3. Graphic presentation of your Data, including Health Data, via Withings App PROCESSED DATA: Physiological and technical data collected when using our Products and Services. For more details regarding the health data collected by our various products, please refer to our User Guide.LEGAL BASIS: Performance of the contract (acceptance of the Terms of Use)RETENTION PERIOD: Data is retained until deletion of your Withings App account. You may also delete certain data via your Withings App 4.Optional sharing of Personal Data with third-party applications PROCESSED DATA: The data shared vary depending on the product usedLEGAL BASIS: Your consent to the sharing of Personal Data relating to youRETENTION PERIOD: Data is shared until sharing is deactivated or the user account is deleted 5. Display of the path taken via the Withings App during an activity DATA PROCESSED: Location data in the context of physical activity LEGAL BASIS: Your consent DURATION OF RETENTION: The data is kept until the user account is deleted 6. Weather display on scales DATA PROCESSED: IP address / Geographic location LEGAL BASIS: Necessary for the execution of the contract (acceptance of the General Conditions of Use).DURATION OF RETENTION: The data is kept until the user account is deleted 7. [UNITED STATES ONLY]: Activation of the ECG functionality on ScanWatch PROCESSED DATA: Name / First name / Date of birth / Phone number / E-mail address / State of residenceBASIS FOR THE PROCESSING: ConsentRETENTION PERIOD: Data is retained 7 years by the supplier, Heartbeat Health B) COMMUNICATION & SUPPORT 1. Marketing Communication PROCESSED DATA: E-mail addressLEGAL BASIS: Consent to this processing when creating your accountRETENTION PERIOD: Data is retained as long as your account is active or when you no longer wish to be notified 2. Improvement of the navigation on the Site DATA PROCESSED: Connection data (see Cookie Policy)LEGAL BASIS: Consent obtained through the cookie banner PERIOD OF RETENTION: 3 months 3. Customer support - Requests made on our Help Center DATA PROCESSED: E-mail address / Name / First name / Content of the request.LEGAL BASIS: Necessary for the execution of the contract (acceptance of the Terms of use / Sales conditions)DURATION OF RETENTION: The data associated with the ticket is kept for a maximum of 10 years. 4. Customer support - Requests made via Withings official social networks accounts DATA PROCESSED: Name / First name / Content of the request / Username.LEGAL BASIS: Legitimate interestDURATION OF RETENTION: The data associated with the ticket is kept for a maximum of 10 years. 5. Feedback on the Customer support experience DATA PROCESSED: E-mail addressLEGAL BASIS: Legitimate interestDURATION OF RETENTION: The data associated with the ticket is kept for a maximum of 5 years. C) SECURITY AND EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS 1. Activation of the double authentication (2FA) PROCESSED DATA: Phone numberBASIS FOR THE PROCESSING: Your consent when activating this featureRETENTION PERIOD: The phone number is retained until the user account is deleted or this feature is deactivated 2. Prevention and fight against computer fraud and cyberattacks PROCESSED DATA: Pseudonymized data relating to the different actions performed by the UserBASIS FOR THE PROCESSING: Legitimate interestRETENTION PERIOD: One year from the date of registration of the action D) RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT 1. Sending out "Research Questionnaires" and analyzing the responses received PROCESSED DATA: User ID. The content of the questionnaire varies according to the issues addressedBASIS FOR THE PROCESSING: Consent of the person filling in the questionnaireRETENTION PERIOD: Pseudonymized Data is retained until the account removal 2. Anonymization of data for research purposes PROCESSED DATA: Health data needed to conduct the studyBASIS FOR THE PROCESSING: Consent 3. Product and Service Improvement (including algorithm performance improvement and statistics)) PROCESSED DATA: The relevant data related to the realization of these treatments. It is exclusively pseudonymized dataBASIS FOR THE PROCESSING: Legitimate interestRETENTION PERIOD: Personal data is kept until the user account is deleted 4.3. DATA SHARING. We only share such data in circumstances described below: a. Your control over the Data. You may ask us to disclose information to others, such as when you use our community features like forums or programs that require sharing with third parties. You can change your choices at any time by changing your account settings or by visiting our Help Center . b. Internal and Legitimate Sharing. Personal Data may be processed by the employees of WITHINGS SAS and its subsidiaries, within the limits of their respective responsibilities and exclusively for the purposes described in this Policy. c. Use of our subcontractors. We share certain Data with subcontractors, who are experts in their field, in order to supply the Products and Services. Our subcontractors are required to comply with both the GDPR. They process the shared Data only for the intended purpose. Our subcontractors help us to provide you with high quality products and services, please find the list of subcontractors here . d. Use of ScanWatch in the United States. WITHINGS may share certain personal information (name, date of birth, email, address, phone number) with Heartbeat Health, a U.S.company, which provides you with services such as the prescription necessary for the ECG functionality of the device, the organization of teleconsultations with our health professional partners, the provision of advice on your health. Your consent to receive text messages from Heartbeat Health is required to activate the ECG functionality on your device. Please see Heartbeat Health's privacy policy for more information. e. Legal reasons . We may share Personal Data relating to you when required by law, upon request of a court, in connection with a legal proceeding, or if we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual unlawful activities, or to assist public authorities; (b) investigate and defend against any third-party claims or accusations; or (c) protect our Services’ security or integrity. We will notify you of any legal proceedings that require access to your Data, unless we are prohibited by law from doing so. Where a court order specifies a period of non-disclosure of the request to data subjects, we will send you a deferred notification after the non-disclosure period has expired. V. DATA RETENTION 5.1. RETENTION PERIOD . The retention period indicated in the list of treatments depends on the type of data, the purpose or our legal obligations. If you ask us to do so, WITHINGS will delete your data from its servers and will ask its subcontractors involved in the processing to perform the same operation. We use subcontractors to manage backup data. This data will be used in case of operational problems to ensure the continuity of our services and products. Please note that, for security reasons, we are not able to reflect the deletion or modification of data on backups already made, in order to protect the integrity of the backup data. 5.2. ANONYMIZED DATA. WITHINGS may anonymize your data in accordance with the applicable security standards and regulations. Once anonymized, it no longer identifies you and is no longer Personal Data. WITHINGS uses the data in this form to participate in research projects. 5.3. DATA SHARED WITH THIRD PARTIES. If you have chosen to share your data from WITHINGS Products and Services with third parties, we cannot ensure the deletion or anonymization of such data. We invite you to contact the third party for more information. VI. HOSTING, TRANSFER AND SECURITY OF DATA Your Personal Data is hosted in France and Health Data is not transferred outside the EEA. However, other data may be transferred to our partners located outside the EEA. WITHINGS will take several steps in the event of a data leak. 6.1. HOSTING IN EUROPE. Our Services are provided by our Platform certified for the processing of health data via a European host located in France. The processed Health Data are not transferred outside the territory of the European Economic Area. 6.2. SUBCONTRACTORS. Other data may be communicated with partners located outside the European Economic Area for specific purposes (such as telecommunication or security of banking transactions). The list of our subcontractors is available here . 6.3. SECURITY. We invite you to consult our dedicated page . VII. EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS You may exercise your rights by contacting us at privacy@withings.com. 7.1. YOUR RIGHTS. You may exercise the following rights independently or with our assistance. a. Right of Access. ou can access the Personal Data about you processed, collected or stored by WITHINGS. You can find this information directly from your account or via Customer support . b. Right of rectification. If you find that the data about you is inaccurate, you have the right to request its correction. Some personal data can be changed directly from your Withings App account. c. Right of Limitation and Right to Object. If you find that any data about you is inaccurate, you may ask us to stop processing that data until the situation is corrected. You may also ask Us to stop processing Data relating to you. d. Right to Erasure. You may request the deletion of Personal Data relating to you. We will assist you in deleting Personal Data your account or Customer Support . e. Right to Portability. You may request that we send you the Personal Data relating to you so that you can share it with another company. Details on how to exercise your right to portability are available in our Help Center, under the Data Import and Export section . 7.2. ASSISTANCE IN EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS. You may exercise your rights at any time by writing to privacy@withings.com. Proof of identity may be requested if we have no other way to verify that you are the owner of the account to which the data relates. WITHINGS processes all requests that are not excessive in nature within the time limits set by the GDPR. 7.3. ASSISTANCE OF THE CNIL.In case of dispute, you have the right to file a complaint with the Commission Nationale de l'Informatique et des Libertés (CNIL) whose headquarters are located at 3 Place de Fontenoy, TSA 80715, 75334 Paris Cedex 7. VIII. PATIENT PRIVACY POLICY Specific provisions regarding the collection and use of your Personal Information, its security and sharing with third parties apply to you if you use our Remote Patient Monitoring ("RPM") services. 8.1. SCOPE OF APPLICATION a. Applicability to Patient Users. We also collect and use the Personal Data relating to you in the context of the use of the Withings App in the context of the WITHINGS remote patient monitoring (“WRPM”) services. This Privacy Policy, as well as the following specific provisions ( « WRPM » ) services. This Privacy Policy, as well as the following specific provisions ( "Patient Privacy Policy" ), applies to Personal Data that We collect from Patient Users. b. Patient Users Terms of Use. This Patient Privacy Policy is part of the WITHINGS Patient Users Terms of Use available here . By accessing or using our Patient Users Services, you acknowledge that you have read and agree to the applicable Terms of Use. If you do not agree, you must cease using our Patient Users Services. We will notify you if there are any material changes to Our Patient Privacy Policy. 8.2. PATIENT USERS’ RIGHTS. Some information is sent by your healthcare professional and is therefore not directly under our control. Questions or concerns about your medical records or Personal Information provided to us by your healthcare professional should be directed to your healthcare professional. This information is not under the direct control of WITHINGS. IX. GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS The present privacy policy is subject to the General Terms and Conditions Reference: privacy-policy/20230421 Updated on 21 Apr 2023. Choose your language or country us · USD Watches Scales Soon New New Other Devices New Shop Support Professionals Partners Your Health Our company us · USD © 2023 Withings All rights reserved. Cart Your cart is empty Health yourself to our smart devices and accessories More infos about the Withings+ subscription The service Withings+ unlocks an in-app health experience with access to daily engagement support and exclusive content in the areas of sleep, nutrition and activity. With Withings+, you’ll get guided on a daily basis to create a healthy routine that sticks. Promotional Offers of Withings+ service bundled with a Body Scan health station For the launch of the Body Scan health station, we offer two introductory subscription (1)(2) plans to the Withings+ service: Monthly subscription: 3 free months of Withings+, then 9.95€/month (3)Annual subscription: 3 free months of Withings+, then 99,5€/year (corresponding to 8,29€/month) (4) The 3-month trial period starts on the product’s installation using the Withings mobile application. (1) These introductory offers are not mandatory to use the Body Scan health station. By selecting one of these offers, you agree to conclude a subscription contract with Withings for the Withings+ service with the terms and condition described below. The contract will start upon Body Scan health station installation using the Withings mobile application. (2) Promotional or introductory offers: we may from time to time offer special promotional offers, plans or subscriptions. Offer eligibility is determined by Withings at its sole discretion and we reserve the right to stop making an offer. It is not possible to combine several promotional offers unless specifically mentioned. (3) Offer reserved for new Withings+ subscribers only (any person not subscribed to Withings+ service during the last month). Right after the 3-month trial period, the monthly auto-renewal starts and you will be automatically charged 9.95€ (or $9.95 or £9.95) per month. You can unsubscribe at any time. See below for cancellation, termination and usage conditions. (4) Offer reserved for new Withings+ subscribers only (any person not subscribed to Withings+ service during the last month). Right after the 3-month trial period, the annual auto-renewal starts and you will be automatically charged 99.5€ (or $99.5 or £99.5) per year. You can unsubscribe at any time. See below for cancellation, termination and usage conditions. Terms and conditions for a Withings+ subscription General sales conditions and terms of use for Withings digital health products and services are available here: https://www.withings.com/legal/services-terms-and-conditions. Subscription: Your subscription (also called contract) will continue until terminated. To use the Withings service you must have Internet access and the latest available Withings mobile application, Withings App.Unless you cancel your subscription before your billing date, you authorize us to charge the subscription fee for the next billing cycle to your payment method (see "Cancellation" below). "payment method" means a valid and accepted method of payment.Promotional or introductory offers: we may from time to time offer special promotional offers, plans or subscriptions (“Offers”). Offer eligibility is determined by Withings at its sole discretion and we reserve the right to stop making an Offer. It is not possible to combine several promotional offers unless specifically mentioned. Billing and cancellationBilling Cycle: The subscription fee for the Withings+ service will be charged to your payment method on the specific payment date indicated on the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com. The cycle will be monthly or annual depending on the type of subscription that you chose when you subscribed to the service. In some cases, the payment date may vary if the first attempts of payment fail, if your payment method is not correctly settled, if you change your billing cycle or your paid subscription began on a day not contained in a given month. Payment Methods: To use the Withings service you must provide at least one payment method. Withings will automatically use the payment method used during the initial checkout (credit card, PayPal, Google Pay, Apple Pay…). You can update your payment method at any time (see below). You authorize Withings to charge the payment method associated to your account automatically with or without notice until your subscription is not terminated. For some payment methods, the issuer may charge you certain fees, such as foreign transaction fees or other fees relating to the processing of your payment method. Local tax charges may vary depending on the payment method used. Check with your payment method service provider for details. Uncollected payments: Any uncollected amounts remain due to Withings. If a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not cancel your account, we may suspend your access to the service until we have successfully charged a valid payment method. In case of payments failure, the next payments will continue to be charged regarding your billing cycle (it does not delay the other due payments).Updating your payment methods: You can update your payment method by going to the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com. At the moment, you can only update your payment method to use credit card method. Following any update, you authorize us to continue to charge the applicable payment method. Cancellation: You can cancel your Withings+ subscription at any time, and you will continue to have access to the service through the end of your billing period. Payments are non-refundable and we do not provide refunds or credits for any partial subscription periods or unused services. To cancel, go to the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com and follow the instructions for cancellation. If you decide to cancel your subscription, the Withings+ service will be discontinued with all included features on the date your subscription ends. Your devices and all their features will continue to function normally. Changes to the Price and Subscription Plans: We may change our subscription plans and the price of our service from time to time; however, any price changes or changes to your subscription plans will apply no earlier than 30 days following notice to you.Right of withdrawal:Legal right of withdrawal: You may withdraw from your subscription order without giving any reason within 14 days from the date the contract start. To comply with the withdrawal deadline, simply send your withdrawal request before the 14-day period expires to our customer support department free of charge: By telephone 0 800 945 713Online on our customer support departmentEffect of withdrawal:We will refund all payments we have received from you related to the Withings service. Withdrawal for hardware devices need to be managed separately. We will use the same method of payment that you used for your original order, unless you expressly agree to a different method. In any case, this refund will not cause any additional costs for you.The Withings+ service will be discontinued immediately with all included features. Your devices and all their features will continue to function normally. Acceptable use of the serviceRight and access: The Withings+ service and any content accessed through the service are for your personal and non-commercial use only and may not be shared with individuals beyond device users. As long as you subscribe to the service, Withings grants you a a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable right to access the service and its related content.You agree not to use the service for public performances.Updates and improvements: The service, including the content library, is regularly updated at our sole discretion at any time with or without notice. In addition, we continually improve or test various aspects of our service, including our user interfaces, promotional features and availability. Those improvements or tests shall not impact your use of the service. Additional software terms: Except as explicitly authorized in these Terms of Use, you agree not to: archive, reproduce, distribute, modify, display, publish, license, create derivative, sale, or use content and information contained on or obtained from or through the Withings service;circumvent, remove, alter, deactivate, degrade, block, obscure or thwart any of the content protections or other elements of the Withings service, including the graphical user interface, any advertising or advertising features, copyright notices, and trademark;use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Withings service; reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble, tamper with, or bypass any security associated with any software or other products or processes accessible through the Withings service, whether in whole or in part;use any fraudulent methods like inserting any code or manipulate the content of the Withings service in any way or use any data mining, data gathering or extraction method;Data privacy: We process personal data relating to you during the subscription process. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for more details : https://www.withings.com/fr/en/legal/privacy-policy. Applicable law: These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of France, without reference to the principles of conflicts of laws. The French courts are competent to judge any dispute arising from these Terms and Conditions. We may terminate or restrict your use of our service if you violate these Terms of Use or are engaged in illegal or fraudulent use of the service. More infos about the Withings+ subscription The service Withings+ unlocks an in-app health experience with access to daily engagement support and exclusive content in the areas of sleep, nutrition and activity. With Withings+, you’ll get guided on a daily basis to create a healthy routine that sticks. Terms and conditions for a Withings+ subscription General sales conditions and terms of use for Withings digital health products and services are available here: https://www.withings.com/legal/services-terms-and-conditions. Subscription: Your subscription (also called contract) will continue until terminated. To use the Withings service you must have Internet access and the latest available Withings mobile application, Withings App. Unless you cancel your subscription before your billing date, you authorize us to charge the subscription fee for the next billing cycle to your payment method (see "Cancellation" below). "payment method" means a valid and accepted method of payment.Promotional or introductory offers: we may from time to time offer special promotional offers, plans or subscriptions (“Offers”). Offer eligibility is determined by Withings at its sole discretion and we reserve the right to stop making an Offer. It is not possible to combine several promotional offers unless specifically mentioned. Billing and cancellationBilling Cycle: The subscription fee for the Withings+ service will be charged to your payment method on the specific payment date indicated on the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com. The cycle will be monthly or annual depending on the type of subscription that you chose when you subscribed to the service. In some cases, the payment date may vary if the first attempts of payment fail, if your payment method is not correctly settled, if you change your billing cycle or your paid subscription began on a day not contained in a given month. Payment Methods: To use the Withings service you must provide at least one payment method. Withings will automatically use the payment method used during the initial checkout (credit card, PayPal, Google Pay, Apple Pay…). You can update your payment method at any time (see below). You authorize Withings to charge the payment method associated to your account automatically with or without notice until your subscription is not terminated. For some payment methods, the issuer may charge you certain fees, such as foreign transaction fees or other fees relating to the processing of your payment method. Local tax charges may vary depending on the payment method used. Check with your payment method service provider for details. Uncollected payments: Any uncollected amounts remain due to Withings. If a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not cancel your account, we may suspend your access to the service until we have successfully charged a valid payment method.In case of payments failure, the next payments will continue to be charged regarding your billing cycle (it does not delay the other due payments).Updating your payment methods: You can update your payment method by going to the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com. At the moment, you can only update your payment method to use credit card method. Following any update, you authorize us to continue to charge the applicable payment method. Cancellation: You can cancel your Withings+ subscription at any time, and you will continue to have access to the service through the end of your billing period. Payments are non-refundable and we do not provide refunds or credits for any partial subscription periods or unused services. To cancel, go to the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com and follow the instructions for cancellation. If you decide to cancel your subscription, the Withings+ service will be discontinued with all included features on the date your subscription ends. Your devices and all their features will continue to function normally. Changes to the Price and Subscription Plans: We may change our subscription plans and the price of our service from time to time; however, any price changes or changes to your subscription plans will apply no earlier than 30 days following notice to you.Right of withdrawal:Legal right of withdrawal: You may withdraw from your subscription order without giving any reason within 14 days from the date the contract start. To comply with the withdrawal deadline, simply send your withdrawal request before the 14-day period expires to our customer support department free of charge: By telephone 0 800 945 713Online on our customer support departmentEffect of withdrawal:We will refund all payments we have received from you related to the Withings service. Withdrawal for hardware devices need to be managed separately. We will use the same method of payment that you used for your original order, unless you expressly agree to a different method. In any case, this refund will not cause any additional costs for you.The Withings+ service will be discontinued immediately with all included features. Your devices and all their features will continue to function normally. Acceptable use of the serviceRight and access: The Withings+ service and any content accessed through the service are for your personal and non-commercial use only and may not be shared with individuals beyond device users. As long as you subscribe to the service, Withings grants you a a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable right to access the service and its related content. You agree not to use the service for public performances.Updates and improvements: The service, including the content library, is regularly updated at our sole discretion at any time with or without notice. In addition, we continually improve or test various aspects of our service, including our user interfaces, promotional features and availability. Those improvements or tests shall not impact your use of the service. Additional software terms: Except as explicitly authorized in these Terms of Use, you agree not to: archive, reproduce, distribute, modify, display, publish, license, create derivative, sale, or use content and information contained on or obtained from or through the Withings service;circumvent, remove, alter, deactivate, degrade, block, obscure or thwart any of the content protections or other elements of the Withings service, including the graphical user interface, any advertising or advertising features, copyright notices, and trademark;use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Withings service; reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble, tamper with, or bypass any security associated with any software or other products or processes accessible through the Withings service, whether in whole or in part;use any fraudulent methods like inserting any code or manipulate the content of the Withings service in any way or use any data mining, data gathering or extraction method;Data privacy: We process personal data relating to you during the subscription process. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for more details : https://www.withings.com/fr/en/legal/privacy-policy. Applicable law: These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of France, without reference to the principles of conflicts of laws. The French courts are competent to judge any dispute arising from these Terms and Conditions. We may terminate or restrict your use of our service if you violate these Terms of Use or are engaged in illegal or fraudulent use of the service. More infos about the Withings+ subscription The service Withings+ unlocks an in-app health experience with access to daily engagement support and exclusive content in the areas of sleep, nutrition and activity.With Withings+, you’ll get guided on a daily basis to create a healthy routine that sticks. Terms and conditions for a Withings+ subscription General sales conditions and terms of use for Withings digital health products and services are available here: https://www.withings.com/legal/services-terms-and-conditions. Subscription: Your subscription (also called contract) will continue until terminated. To use the Withings service you must have Internet access and the latest available Withings mobile application, Withings App. Unless you cancel your subscription before your billing date, you authorize us to charge the subscription fee for the next billing cycle to your payment method (see "Cancellation" below). "payment method" means a valid and accepted method of payment.Promotional or introductory offers: we may from time to time offer special promotional offers, plans or subscriptions (“Offers”). Offer eligibility is determined by Withings at its sole discretion and we reserve the right to stop making an Offer. It is not possible to combine several promotional offers unless specifically mentioned. Billing and cancellationBilling Cycle: The subscription fee for the Withings+ service will be charged to your payment method on the specific payment date indicated on the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com. The cycle will be monthly or annual depending on the type of subscription that you chose when you subscribed to the service. In some cases, the payment date may vary if the first attempts of payment fail, if your payment method is not correctly settled, if you change your billing cycle or your paid subscription began on a day not contained in a given month. Payment Methods: To use the Withings service you must provide at least one payment method. Withings will automatically use the payment method used during the initial checkout (credit card, PayPal, Google Pay, Apple Pay…). You can update your payment method at any time (see below). You authorize Withings to charge the payment method associated to your account automatically with or without notice until your subscription is not terminated. For some payment methods, the issuer may charge you certain fees, such as foreign transaction fees or other fees relating to the processing of your payment method. Local tax charges may vary depending on the payment method used. Check with your payment method service provider for details. Uncollected payments: Any uncollected amounts remain due to Withings. If a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not cancel your account, we may suspend your access to the service until we have successfully charged a valid payment method. In case of payments failure, the next payments will continue to be charged regarding your billing cycle (it does not delay the other due payments).Updating your payment methods: You can update your payment method by going to the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com. At the moment, you can only update your payment method to use credit card method. Following any update, you authorize us to continue to charge the applicable payment method. Cancellation: You can cancel your Withings+ subscription at any time, and you will continue to have access to the service through the end of your billing period. Payments are non-refundable and we do not provide refunds or credits for any partial subscription periods or unused services. To cancel, go to the subscription management webpage available on https://healthmate.withings.com and follow the instructions for cancellation. If you decide to cancel your subscription, the Withings+ service will be discontinued with all included features on the date your subscription ends. Your devices and all their features will continue to function normally. Changes to the Price and Subscription Plans: We may change our subscription plans and the price of our service from time to time; however, any price changes or changes to your subscription plans will apply no earlier than 30 days following notice to you.Right of withdrawal:Legal right of withdrawal: You may withdraw from your subscription order without giving any reason within 14 days from the date the contract start. To comply with the withdrawal deadline, simply send your withdrawal request before the 14-day period expires to our customer support department free of charge: By telephone 0 800 945 713Online on our customer support departmentEffect of withdrawal:We will refund all payments we have received from you related to the Withings service. Withdrawal for hardware devices need to be managed separately. We will use the same method of payment that you used for your original order, unless you expressly agree to a different method.In any case, this refund will not cause any additional costs for you.The Withings+ service will be discontinued immediately with all included features. Your devices and all their features will continue to function normally. Acceptable use of the serviceRight and access: The Withings+ service and any content accessed through the service are for your personal and non-commercial use only and may not be shared with individuals beyond device users. As long as you subscribe to the service, Withings grants you a a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable right to access the service and its related content. You agree not to use the service for public performances.Updates and improvements: The service, including the content library, is regularly updated at our sole discretion at any time with or without notice. In addition, we continually improve or test various aspects of our service, including our user interfaces, promotional features and availability. Those improvements or tests shall not impact your use of the service. Additional software terms: Except as explicitly authorized in these Terms of Use, you agree not to: archive, reproduce, distribute, modify, display, publish, license, create derivative, sale, or use content and information contained on or obtained from or through the Withings service;circumvent, remove, alter, deactivate, degrade, block, obscure or thwart any of the content protections or other elements of the Withings service, including the graphical user interface, any advertising or advertising features, copyright notices, and trademark;use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Withings service; reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble, tamper with, or bypass any security associated with any software or other products or processes accessible through the Withings service, whether in whole or in part;use any fraudulent methods like inserting any code or manipulate the content of the Withings service in any way or use any data mining, data gathering or extraction method;Data privacy: We process personal data relating to you during the subscription process. Please refer to our Privacy Policy for more details : https://www.withings.com/fr/en/legal/privacy-policy. Applicable law: These Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of France, without reference to the principles of conflicts of laws. The French courts are competent to judge any dispute arising from these Terms and Conditions. We may terminate or restrict your use of our service if you violate these Terms of Use or are engaged in illegal or fraudulent use of the service.