Menu Create account Create account Create account Close or My Profiles: Log in arrow up Games arrow Explore: World of Tanks Links Game WebsiteForumPlayer SupportClansMod HubWoT Assistant (iOS) WoT Assistant (Android) World of Tanks Join the 110-million strong army of devoted fans and take part in epic tank battles with over 600 vehicles to choose from. Windows Windows Mac Mac World of Warships Links Game WebsiteForumPlayer SupportInvite a Friend World of Warships Immerse yourself in the world of epic naval warfare and command legendary warships from the early 20th century in a free-to-play massively multiplayer online game. Windows Windows World of Tanks Console Links Game WebsitePlayer Support World of Tanks Modern Armor Wage war in the premier free-to-play team-based action game dedicated to armored combat on game consoles. Xbox One Xbox One Xbox Series X Xbox Series X World of Warships: Legends Links Game WebsitePlayer Support World of Warships: Legends Experience epic naval action in World of Warships: Legends, an MMO console game that puts you on a course to master the seas. Sail on history's greatest warships, helmed by legendary Commanders! Xbox One Xbox One Xbox Series X Xbox Series X World of Tanks Blitz Links Game WebsiteForumPlayer Support World of Tanks Blitz Choose the new absolutely free-to-play massively multiplayer online game and get involved in tank battles with vehicles from the middle of the 20th century using your mobile device. Windows Windows Android Android iOS iOS Mac Mac World of Warplanes Links Game WebsiteForumPlayer SupportClans World of Warplanes A global update of the free-to-play MMO game about the golden era of military aviation. Join breathtaking air battles for control of the battlefield with legendary planes from the 20th century. Windows Windows World of Warships Blitz Links Game WebsitePlayer SupportInstall the game on iOSInstall the game on Android World of Warships Blitz Free-to-play mobile action MMO that plunges you into intense naval combat of the first half of the 20th century. Android Android iOS iOS Master of Orion Links Game WebsiteForumPlayer Support Master of Orion The iconic 4X strategy gameplay of Explore, Expand, Exploit and Exterminate that formed the blueprint for a whole generation of 4X games has been resurrected and upgraded. Windows Windows Mac Mac Linux Linux arrow up Services arrow Premium Shop Player Support Battle Pass Roadmap Highlights browsers-alert Please update your browser . The new version will make browsing the internet safer, faster, and more convenient. Failed to log in. Log in or create account Newcomer Central Newcomer's Guide Getting Started Controls and Firing How to Survive In-Game Economy Upgrading Your Vehicles In-Game Communication Tank Academy New Victories Ahead! General Wargaming.net Game Center Guide How to Activate Invite and Bonus Codes Frequently Asked Questions System Requirements Video Tutorials Achievements Vehicle Types and Functions Purchase and Research Vehicles Vehicle Crew Crew Training Equipment Directives Personal Reserves In-Game Store and Depot Daily Missions Exterior Customization Vehicle Blueprints How to Earn Rewards with Missions Platoons Premium Shop Instructions Refer a Friend: The Recruitment Program Vehicle and Crew Recovery Preloading Updates Battle Pass Steel Hunter Frontline Tours of Duty Personal Missions Multinational Vehicles Q&A How to Convert Free XP to Crew XP Coupons Changing Your Username Onslaught Onslaught.Season of the Crimson Griffin Common Tests and Sandbox Tests: Your Definitive Guide Twitch Drops Guide Economy in World of Tanks Going Premium Currency Exchange and Resource Conversion Gold FAQ Gifting via Premium Shop Pay via Wargaming Prepaid Card Fair Play Policy Botting Prohibited Mods Toxicity Rigged Battles Teamkill Complaint System Watch out for Scammers Account Security Trouble Logging In? Keeping Your Account Safe Recovering a Stolen Account Financial Fraud Account Sales Are Fraudulent Binding Your Account to a Mobile Phone Events Calendar Tank Classes Light Tanks Medium Tanks Heavy Tanks Tank Destroyers Artillery World of Tanks Do's and Don'ts Crew 101: The Absolute Basics Crew 102: Moving Crew Crew 103: Skills and Perks Crew 104: Min/Max Mastery of Your Crew Full List of Crew Skills and Perks Steel Hunter 2021 Regulations Map Guides Map Guide: Cliff Map Guide: Ensk Map Guide: Himmelsdorf Map Guide: Karelia Map Guide: Mines Map Guide: Outpost Map Guide: Oyster Bay Map Guide: Redshire Stream Team and Schedule Tournament Guide Account Security Newcomer Central Newcomer's Guide Getting Started Controls and Firing How to Survive In-Game Economy Upgrading Your Vehicles In-Game Communication Tank Academy New Victories Ahead! General Wargaming.net Game Center Guide How to Activate Invite and Bonus Codes Frequently Asked Questions System Requirements Video Tutorials Achievements Vehicle Types and Functions Purchase and Research Vehicles Vehicle Crew Crew Training Equipment Directives Personal Reserves In-Game Store and Depot Daily Missions Exterior Customization Vehicle Blueprints How to Earn Rewards with Missions Platoons Premium Shop Instructions Refer a Friend: The Recruitment Program Vehicle and Crew Recovery Preloading Updates Battle Pass Steel Hunter Frontline Tours of Duty Personal Missions Multinational Vehicles Q&A How to Convert Free XP to Crew XP Coupons Changing Your Username Onslaught Onslaught. Season of the Crimson Griffin Common Tests and Sandbox Tests: Your Definitive Guide Twitch Drops Guide Economy in World of Tanks Going Premium Currency Exchange and Resource Conversion Gold FAQ Gifting via Premium Shop Pay via Wargaming Prepaid Card Fair Play Policy Botting Prohibited Mods Toxicity Rigged Battles Teamkill Complaint System Watch out for Scammers Account Security Trouble Logging In? Keeping Your Account Safe Recovering a Stolen Account Financial Fraud Account Sales Are Fraudulent Binding Your Account to a Mobile Phone Events Calendar Tank Classes Light Tanks Medium Tanks Heavy Tanks Tank Destroyers Artillery World of Tanks Do's and Don'ts Crew 101: The Absolute Basics Crew 102: Moving Crew Crew 103: Skills and Perks Crew 104: Min/Max Mastery of Your Crew Full List of Crew Skills and Perks Steel Hunter 2021 Regulations Map Guides Map Guide: Cliff Map Guide: Ensk Map Guide: Himmelsdorf Map Guide: Karelia Map Guide: Mines Map Guide: Outpost Map Guide: Oyster Bay Map Guide: Redshire Stream Team and Schedule Tournament Guide If you cannot enter the game with your account and password, please read the following instructions , in which we strived to depict all possible situations. What is an unauthorized access? An unauthorized access takes place when a non-owner of the account gets access to it. Players usually consider an unauthorized access to be a technically complicated procedure though generally an account keeper gives the login data to a computer trespasser due to various reasons. This article will tell you how unauthorized access happens and what to do to avoid it. If your account has been compromised please read the following instructions on what to do to recover the account. Dear Users, due to the ever increasing number of World of Tanks accounts being sold, we inform you that any account sale is a financial fraudulence. Thus, we strongly recommend you to read the following information , which explains why such procedures are never good for a player. Dear users! Some of you could come across various websites or auctions which offer you World of Tanks Gold purchase at low prices. We warn you that such offers are fraudulent. Thus, we strongly recommend you to read the following information . Share on social networks Facebook Twitter 0 shared Account Security Europe: North and South America: English Asia: Europe: North and South America: English Asia: Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Performance Cookies Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label View Cookies We use cookies so that we can offer you the best possible website content and experience. Privacy PolicyUpdated Rules and Violations Policy 2022 Related Content: Earn Rewards with the March CC Showcase Live Streams 14/03/2022 Discuss Battle Pass Season VII: Event Guide General News 25/02/2022 Discuss Wargaming is committed to providing all players with a positive gaming experience and a key part of that is how we handle our rules and what happens when they are violated. Our goal is to make our games a clean and safe environment where players of all ages can have fun. Below you'll find the outline of our new policy—rule policies aren't the most exciting reading material, but we think you'll find this valuable. The new policy goes into effect Wednesday, March 23 at 07:00 PT | 09:00 CT | 10:00 ET . We're revealing it now so everyone is aware of these changes in advance. As we roll out the updates to our pollicy, we'll wipe the slate clean for every Wargaming customer with an active account. Any prior in-game sanctions, chat violations, or forum warnings will no longer count against you. Please Note: Under Our New Policy All players not currently permabanned start fresh under the new system; old strikes are forgiven.Strikes are replaced by an internal system called "relapses." Each time a player relapses and commits another violation, additional ban time is added.Relapse points do not expire and will continue to count up resulting in longer bans. See the following table for an explanation of the different types of violations and their ban times: TYPE: VIOLATIONS INCLUDE: NOTES: Minor chat violations(1 day chat ban) Profanity, insults, minor harassment Each new violation adds +1 day to ban timeNever result in a permanent ban Major chat violations (15 day chat ban) Extreme hate speech/harassment; threats of violence More than two (2) result in a permanent ban Minor game violations (1 day game ban) Annoying violations that are not direct physical attacks on another player or vehicle. Include pinging the map repeatedly, drowning themselves, stating in chat and then deliberately AFKing Each new violation adds +1 day to ban timeNever result in a permanent ban Major game violations(3 day game ban) Physics abuse or unsportsmanlike conduct that directly attacks another player/vehicle on your team Each new violation adds +3 days to ban timeMore than seven (7) in a quarter results in a permanent ban How do I report someone? To report a chat violation: You can use the in-game reporting feature or submit a ticket to support. When submitting a ticket, please be sure to spell the potential violator's account name correctly so we can investigate. Both in-game reports and ticket reports will trigger further internal investigation. We also use internal chat checks, so players can receive a minor chat violation based on internal checks (even if no one reports them). REPORT A CHAT VIOLATION To report a game violation: Please submit a ticket along with a replay. Most game violations cannot be adequately investigated without a replay, so reports without replays rarely result in sanctions. REPORT A GAME VIOLATION How do I appeal a sanction? The appeals process remains the same. If you do not understand or do not agree with a sanction on your account, please submit a ticket to support, and we will assist you. APPEAL YOUR SANCTION Note: Fair Play bans for illegal mods and botting have always been outside of the Strike system, so Fair Play 7-day warning bans are not forgiven. A second Fair Play violation still results in a permanent ban. Wargaming.net reserves the right to evaluate each incident on a case by case basis. The action that may be taken may be more lenient or more severe than those listed under each category. Share on social networks or discuss on the forum Facebook Twitter shared General News Europe: North and South America: English Asia: Europe: North and South America: English Asia: Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site.They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools. Performance Cookies Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label View Cookies We use cookies so that we can offer you the best possible website content and experience. Privacy PolicyMenu Create account Create account Create account Close or My Profiles: Log in arrow up Games arrow Explore: World of Tanks Links Game WebsiteForumPlayer SupportClansMod HubWoT Assistant (iOS) WoT Assistant (Android) World of Tanks Join the 110-million strong army of devoted fans and take part in epic tank battles with over 600 vehicles to choose from. Windows Windows Mac Mac World of Warships Links Game WebsiteForumPlayer SupportInvite a Friend World of Warships Immerse yourself in the world of epic naval warfare and command legendary warships from the early 20th century in a free-to-play massively multiplayer online game. Windows Windows World of Tanks Console Links Game WebsitePlayer Support World of Tanks Modern Armor Wage war in the premier free-to-play team-based action game dedicated to armored combat on game consoles. Xbox One Xbox One Xbox Series X Xbox Series X World of Warships: Legends Links Game WebsitePlayer Support World of Warships: Legends Experience epic naval action in World of Warships: Legends, an MMO console game that puts you on a course to master the seas. Sail on history's greatest warships, helmed by legendary Commanders! Xbox One Xbox One Xbox Series X Xbox Series X World of Tanks Blitz Links Game WebsiteForumPlayer Support World of Tanks Blitz Choose the new absolutely free-to-play massively multiplayer online game and get involved in tank battles with vehicles from the middle of the 20th century using your mobile device. Windows Windows Android Android iOS iOS Mac Mac World of Warplanes Links Game WebsiteForumPlayer SupportClans World of Warplanes A global update of the free-to-play MMO game about the golden era of military aviation. Join breathtaking air battles for control of the battlefield with legendary planes from the 20th century. Windows Windows World of Warships Blitz Links Game WebsitePlayer SupportInstall the game on iOSInstall the game on Android World of Warships Blitz Free-to-play mobile action MMO that plunges you into intense naval combat of the first half of the 20th century. Android Android iOS iOS Master of Orion Links Game WebsiteForumPlayer Support Master of Orion The iconic 4X strategy gameplay of Explore, Expand, Exploit and Exterminate that formed the blueprint for a whole generation of 4X games has been resurrected and upgraded. Windows Windows Mac Mac Linux Linux arrow up Services arrow Explore: Premium Shop Links WebsiteActivate Wargaming Code Premium Shop Purchase unique vehicles, in-game currency and Premium Account in our shop to earn more experience and credits per battle and open up more options in our games. Global Map Links Go to Global MapGuideAbout Global Map Global Map Fight for provinces on the Global Map with your brothers-in-arms to add gold to your clan Treasury and earn unique vehicles. Clan Portal Links About ClansRatingsFind Clan Clan Portal Join a clan and take your teamwork skills to the next level. Discover new game modes, and complete battle missions to earn more gold and receive unique vehicles. Wargaming.net Game Center Links WebsitePlayer Support Wargaming.net Game Center WGC is our game launcher app that lets you keep all your Wargaming games in one place, read up on the latest news about upcoming features, watch videos, and find dynamite deals with ease! Player Support Links Website Player Support If you are facing problems or have questions about our games, get in touch — we are ready to help! Wiki Links Website Wiki Wiki is a global base containing detailed descriptions of military machines and useful references for those who wish to succeed in Wargaming titles. Gather new knowledge and share it with others! Mod Hub Links Website Mod Hub The official World of Tanks approved mod database. Enjoy thousands of ways to enhance your experience, sorted into 12 categories and ranked by players themselves. Download and customize your game! arrow up Premium Shop Player Support Battle Pass Roadmap Highlights browsers-alert Please update your browser . The new version will make browsing the internet safer, faster, and more convenient. Failed to log in. Log in or create account Confidentiality Agreement for the World of Warships Project (NDA) BY SIGNING THE AGREEMENT BELOW YOU FULLY AGREE TO ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO YOUR OBLIGATION NOT TO DISCLOSE THE GAMEPLAY OR OTHER INFORMATION ABOUT THE GAMES (SCREENSHOTS, VIDEO FOOTAGE, TEXT DESCRIPTION ETC) TO ANY THIRD PERSON, NOT TO COMMUNICATE SUCH INFORMATION VIA THE INTERNET AND NOT MAKE IT AVAILABLE TO THE PUBLIC BY OTHER MEANS.NON-DISCLOSURE AGREEMENT This Non-disclosure Agreement (this “ Agreement ”), dated [ ] (“Effective Date”), is entered into by and between Wargaming Public Company Limited , registered in Cyprus under number HE 290868, with registered office at 105, Agion Omologiton Avenue, Nicosia 1080, Cyprus (“Wargaming” or “Discloser”) and [ INSERT FULL NAME, CITIZENSHIP, ADDRESS, PASSPORT DETAILS] (“Recipient”) (each herein referred to individually as a “ Party ,” or collectively as the “ Parties ” and " Affiliate " means, in relation to Wargaming, any entity that Wargaming Controls, is Controlled by or is under common Control with, where “ Control ” means, in respect of an entity, the power of a person or entity, directly or indirectly, to secure: (a) by means of the holding of shares or stock or the possession of voting power in or in relation to such entity or any other body corporate; or (b) by virtue of any powers conferred by the articles of association or other document regulating such entity or any other body corporate; that the affairs of such entity are conducted in accordance with the wishes or directions of such other person or entity.) INTRODUCTION (A) Recipient receives or will receive certain Confidential Information (as defined below) from Wargaming for the purpose of performing testing of video games or other products owned or operated or published by Wargaming or its Affiliates and performing other cooperation intentions between the Parties (the “ Opportunity ”), and in connection with the Opportunity. (B) This Agreement sets out the terms on which such information is received. AGREED TERMS 1. Defined Term - Confidentiality In this Agreement: “ Confidential Information ” means: (i) any information (including any and all combinations of individual items of information) which relates to Discloser and/or any of its Affiliates' business that is disclosed or made available (directly or indirectly) by Discloser to Recipient, whether in oral, visual or written form (including graphic material), prior or after the Effective Date of this Agreement. Confidential Information includes but is not limited to: (a) proprietary information, technical data, know-how, formulae, engineering processes, strategies, photographs, patents, technology, technical literature, research, product plans, products, services, equipment, customers, markets, software, inventions, discoveries, ideas, processes, designs, drawings, formulations, specifications, product configuration information, marketing and finance documents, prototypes, samples, data sets, and equipment or other material including information which is attributable to or the existence of which is derived from discussions relating to the Opportunity; (b) the existence and terms of this Agreement; (c) information otherwise reasonably expected to be treated in a confidential manner under this Agreement or by the nature of the information itself. 2. NON-USE AND NON-DISCLOSURE .1 In consideration of any access Recipient may have to the Confidential Information of Discloser, Recipient shall: (a) keep the Confidential Information strictly confidential, not disclose it to any third party (unless prior approved in writing by Discloser) and not make any use whatsoever of the Confidential Information for any purpose, whether commercial or non-commercial, other than to carry out the Opportunity; (b) not copy, reduce into writing, or summarise any Confidential Information except to the extent strictly necessary to carry out the Opportunity; (c) Recipient shall not reverse engineer, disassemble, or decompile any prototypes, software, samples, or other tangible objects that embody Discloser’s Confidential Information and that are provided to Recipient under this Agreement; (d) not, without Discloser's prior written consent, copy or store the Confidential Information electronically or transmit it. .2 Recipient shall not, without Discloser's prior written consent, use the Confidential Information for its advantage, commercial or otherwise. Wargaming reserves the right to use video footage and audio recordings of the game testing processes for internal purposes, however personal or sensitive data in regard to the Recipient will not be circulated outside the Discloser or its Affiliates. 3. MAINTENANCE OF CONFIDENTIALITY .1 Recipient shall take all reasonable steps and security measures necessary to protect the Confidential Information from being disclosed to any third party (except as prior approved in writing by Discloser). .2 Recipient shall not make any copies of the Confidential Information of Discloser (except as previously approved in writing by Discloser).Recipient shall reproduce Discloser’s proprietary rights notices on any such authorised copies in the same manner in which such notices were set forth in or on the original. Recipient shall promptly notify Discloser of any unauthorised use or disclosure, or suspected unauthorised use or disclosure, of Discloser’s Confidential Information of which Recipient becomes aware. . NO OBLIGATION Nothing in this Agreement shall obligate either Party to proceed with any transaction between them, and each Party reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate the discussions contemplated by this Agreement concerning the Opportunity. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to restrict either Party’s use or disclosure of its own Confidential Information. . NO WARRANTY ALL CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION IS PROVIDED “AS IS.” NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, REGARDING THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR PERFORMANCE OF ANY CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION, OR WITH RESPECT TO NON-INFRINGEMENT OR OTHER VIOLATION OF ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF A THIRD PARTY OR OF RECIPIENT. . RETURN OF MATERIALS .1 When the Opportunity comes to an end or when requested to do so in writing by Discloser, Recipient shall promptly: (a) deliver all documents, materials and other tangible objects containing any of the Confidential Information that have been disclosed by Discloser to Recipient, which for the avoidance of doubt includes all copies or extracts thereof or notes derived there from that are in the possession of Recipient. (b) permanently delete, destroy and erase all electronic copies of the Confidential Information from any computer or data storage system into which the Confidential Information was entered; and (c) make no further use of the Confidential Information. .2 Recipient shall, if required to do so by Discloser, provide a certificate signed by Recipient certifying that the provisions of paragraphs 6.1(a) and (b) above have been complied with. . NO LICENSE .1 Nothing in this Agreement is intended to grant any rights to Recipient under any patent, mask work right or copyright of Discloser. .2 Recipient acknowledges and agrees that all property, including intellectual property, in the Confidential Information and in documents and other materials containing the Confidential Information shall remain with and be vested in Discloser or its licensors (as applicable). .3 Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as granting to or conferring on Recipient any licence, right, title or interest in or to the Confidential Information or to give any licence to use, sell, copy or further develop such Confidential Information. This Agreement shall not be construed so as to require the parties to enter into any further agreements. 8. REMEDIES .1 Recipient agrees that any violation or threatened violation of this Agreement may cause irreparable injury to Discloser, entitling Discloser to seek injunctive relief in addition to all other legal remedies. .2 Each Party undertakes to indemnify the other Party against any loss or damage arising from the unauthorised disclosure of the other Party's Confidential Information and from all actions, proceedings, claims, demands, costs (including reasonable legal costs, awards and damages) arising as a result of any breach or non-performance of any of its undertakings or obligations under this Agreement. .3 Recipient acknowledges and agrees that any disclosure by Recipient in violation of this Agreement shall constitute and be treated as a material breach of this Agreement, which will cause very great and irreparable harm to Discloser. Since it would be difficult or impossible to compute the total actual damages from any such unauthorized use or disclosure, it is agreed that Recipient shall pay Discloser the sum of 100,000 US Dollars (USD one hundred thousand) for each individual use or disclosure of Confidential Information hereunder by Recipient, which amount is agreed upon by the parties as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, and which amount has been computed, estimated and agreed upon as an attempt to make a reasonable forecast of probable actual loss because of the difficulty of estimating with exactness the damages which shall result.The liquidated damages provided for hereunder shall not be deemed an “adequate remedy” precluding equitable relief and the right to such damages shall be cumulative rather than alternative to Discloser other rights and remedies . FEEDBACK .1 Any ideas, suggestions, guidance or other information disclosed by Recipient related to Discloser’s Confidential Information and any intellectual property rights relating to the foregoing shall be collectively deemed “Feedback.” Discloser shall own all Feedback, and Recipient agrees to assign and hereby assigns to Discloser all of its rights, title, and interest in and to any Feedback. Recipient agrees to execute, sign and do all such further instruments, applications, documents, acts and things and give any further assistance (all at the reasonable expense of Recipient) as Discloser may at any time reasonably request, properly to secure the vesting in Discloser absolutely of the full right, title and interest in and to any Feedback. .2 To the extent that any assignment in clause 9.1 is unenforceable or ineffective for whatever reason, Recipient agrees to grant and hereby grants to Discloser a nonexclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty free, freely transferable and sub-licensable licence, worldwide licence, commencing on the date that the relevant Feedback was provided to Discloser, for any purpose, including to make, have made, use, import, offer for sale, sell, reproduce, distribute, modify, adapt, prepare derivative works of, display, perform and otherwise exploit the relevant Feedback and all Intellectual Property Rights associated with the Feedback or relating thereto without restriction. 10 . ASSIGNMENT 10.1 This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Subject to clause 10.2, neither Party may assign, transfer, charge, sub-contract or deal in any other manner with all or any rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party. 10.2 Either Party may assign this Agreement without consent in connection with a merger, reorganization, consolidation, change of control, or sale of all or substantially all of the assets to which this Agreement pertains, provided that the assigning Party provides prompt written notice to the other Party of any such permitted assignment. Any assignment or transfer of this Agreement in violation of the foregoing shall be null and void. . GOVERNING LAW AN D ARBITRATION 11.1 This Agreement will be governed, interpreted and construed in accordance with the laws of Cyprus. 11.2 Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, including but not limited to the formation, performance, breach, termination or invalidity thereof, shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with the CEDRAC Arbitration Rules. Wargaming PCL shall have the right to disclose to the public the details of any ongoing or completed arbitration in any form it deems appropriate. The parties further agree that: (a) The appointing authority shall be the CEDRAC Court. (b) The number of arbitrators shall be three. (c) The place of arbitration shall be Nicosia, Cyprus. (d) The language to be used in the arbitral proceedings shall be English. . MISCELLANEOUS 12.1 Each Party confirms that, in entering into and performing this Agreement, it is acting on its own behalf and not for the benefit of any other person. Each Party hereby represents and warrants that the persons executing this Agreement on its behalf have express authority to do so, and, in so doing, to bind such Party to the terms of this Agreement. 12.2 A person who is not a Party to this Agreement shall not have any rights under or in connection with it. 12.3 This Agreement shall be effective for a period of 10 (ten) years upon execution.13. ENTIRE AGREEMENT 13.1 This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties and supersedes any previous arrangement, understanding or agreement between them relating to the subject matter it covers. 13.2 Provided always that nothing will operate to limit or exclude any liability for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, each Party acknowledges and agrees that in entering into this Agreement it does not rely on any undertaking, promise, assurance, statement, representation, warranty or understanding (whether in writing or not) of any person relating to the subject matter of this Agreement other that as expressly set out in this Agreement. . SEVERANCE 14.1 If a court or other body of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this Agreement, or portion thereof, to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions will remain in full force and effect. 14.2 If any invalid or unenforceable provision would be valid, enforceable or legal if some part of it were deleted, such provision will apply with whatever modification is necessary so as to give effect the intention of the Parties. . WAIVER AND VARIATION 15.1 If a Party delays in enforcing its rights under this Agreement (whether in relation to a breach by the other Party or otherwise) or agrees not to enforce its rights or to delay doing so, then unless the Party concerned expressly agrees otherwise, that delay or agreement will not be treated as waiving the rights of the Party concerned. A Party’s failure to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall neither be construed as a waiver of the provision nor prevent the Party from enforcing any other provision of this Agreement. 15.2 Save as expressly provided in this Agreement, no provision of this Agreement may be amended or otherwise modified unless in writing and signed by a duly authorised representative of each of the Parties to this Agreement. . COUNTERPARTS The Parties may execute this Agreement in any number of counterparts all of which, taken together, shall constitute one and the same instrument. Either Party may enter into this Agreement by signing any such counterpart. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties by their duly authorized representatives have executed this Agreement as of the Effective Date. Duly signed by WARGAMING PCL acting by the undermentioned person in accordance with the laws of the territory of its incorporation ……………………………………… (Signature) Evangelos Georgiou, managing director Duly signed by ……………………………………… (Signature) ……………………………………… (Print name) Europe: North and South America: English Asia: Europe: North and South America: English Asia: Privacy Preference Center Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Social Media Cookies These cookies are set by a range of social media services that we have added to the site to enable you to share our content with your friends and networks. They are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building up a profile of your interests. This may impact the content and messages you see on other websites you visit. If you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.Performance Cookies Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label View Cookies We use cookies so that we can offer you the best possible website content and experience. Privacy Policy