Privacy Policy for WorldTimeServer.com At WorldTimeServer.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit WorldTimeServer.com, and how we safeguard your information. Above all, we want you to know that we never sell your personal information to third parties! Log Files As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Verizon), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site. The information in our log files is used simply to monitor our WorldTimeServer.com web site to both ensure it is performing as we expect and to help troubleshoot any problems when they crop up. Cookies and Web Beacons We use first-party cookies from WorldTimeServer.com to store information, but this information is limited to just what is needed to remember your personal preferences when you visit our site. We also use third party advertisements on WorldTimeServer.com to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites). We use Google Analytics to analyze the use of our website. Google Analytics gathers information about website use by means of cookies. The information gathered relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of our website. Google's privacy policy is available at: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies and to delete cookies. The methods for doing so vary from browser to browser, and from version to version. You can however obtain up-to-date information about blocking and deleting cookies via these links: (a) https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en (Chrome); (b) https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences (Firefox); (c) http://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/ (Opera); (d) https://support.microsoft.com/en-gb/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies (Internet Explorer); (e) https://support.apple.com/en-gb/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac (Safari); and (f) https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-10-microsoft-edge-and-privacy (Edge). Please note that blocking cookies may have a negative impact on the functions of many websites, including our Site. Some features of the Site may cease to be available to you. Advertising Mediavine Programmatic Advertising (Ver 1.1) The Website works with Mediavine to manage third-party interest-based advertising appearing on the Website. Mediavine serves content and advertisements when you visit the Website, which may use first and third-party cookies. A cookie is a small text file which is sent to your computer or mobile device (referred to in this policy as a “device”) by the web server so that a website can remember some information about your browsing activity on the Website. First party cookies are created by the website that you are visiting. A third-party cookie is frequently used in behavioral advertising and analytics and is created by a domain other than the website you are visiting. Third-party cookies, tags, pixels, beacons and other similar technologies (collectively, “Tags”) may be placed on the Website to monitor interaction with advertising content and to target and optimize advertising. Each internet browser has functionality so that you can block both first and third-party cookies and clear your browser’s cache. The "help" feature of the menu bar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to receive notification of new cookies, how to disable existing cookies and how to clear your browser’s cache. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, you can consult the information at All About Cookies . Without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of the Website content and features. Please note that rejecting cookies does not mean that you will no longer see ads when you visit our Site.In the event you opt-out, you will still see non-personalized advertisements on the Website. The Website collects the following data using a cookie when serving personalized ads: IP AddressOperating System typeOperating System versionDevice TypeLanguage of the websiteWeb browser typeEmail (in hashed form) Mediavine Partners (companies listed below with whom Mediavine shares data) may also use this data to link to other end user information the partner has independently collected to deliver targeted advertisements. Mediavine Partners may also separately collect data about end users from other sources, such as advertising IDs or pixels, and link that data to data collected from Mediavine publishers in order to provide interest-based advertising across your online experience, including devices, browsers and apps. This data includes usage data, cookie information, device information, information about interactions between users and advertisements and websites, geolocation data, traffic data, and information about a visitor’s referral source to a particular website. Mediavine Partners may also create unique IDs to create audience segments, which are used to provide targeted advertising. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices to opt-in or opt-out of this data collection, please visit National Advertising Initiative opt out page . You may also visit Digital Advertising Alliance website and Network Advertising Initiative website to learn more information about interest-based advertising. You may download the AppChoices app at Digital Advertising Alliance’s AppChoices app to opt out in connection with mobile apps, or use the platform controls on your mobile device to opt out. For specific information about Mediavine Partners, the data each collects and their data collection and privacy policies, please visit Mediavine Partners . Email Addresses We may collect your email address, but only if you voluntarily provide it to us. This may occur, for example, if you sign up to receive an email newsletter, or enter a promotion. If you have provided your email address to us, we promise to use it only for the purposes for which it is provided. We will not use your email address to contact you for unrelated reasons. Registration or Account Data We may collect other information from you when you register with our Site in order to use various features. Such information could include your name, birthday, postal code, screen name, and password (if applicable). As you use the Site, we could collect other data that you provide voluntarily (such as comments that you post). Contact Us We have asked our adverisers to not use pop-ups, pop-unders or interstitial pages, as we find them as annoying as you do! Advertising, however, does provide the funding to keep WorldTimeServer.com up and running for everyone. If you have any questions about this policy, feel free to Contact Us via web form or via email at info at worldtimeserver dot com or write us at: WorldTimeServer.com 925 N Illinois Route 3, Suite 105 Waterloo, IL 62298 United States Effective Date This policy statement was originally created and put into effect on April 15, 2015. This policy is based on principles followed by our company since our founding in 1991. Time Time Zones Tools News and Weather Personalize Widgets World Time Database Contact Us Legal Copyright © 1998 - 2023 WorldTimeServer.com All rights reserved. Executed in 0.001 seconds.