AmperWave Privacy Notice Last updated: June 9, 2023 This streaming audio service is provided by AmperWave. AmperWave provides a hosting and distribution platform that enables publishers to stream audio content, monetize their audio inventory, optimize ad revenue, and deliver a personalized listening experience. For more information please visit: https://amperwave.com/ If you are a California resident, the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”) effective January 1, 2023 provides you with the right to opt-out of sale and sharing of your personal information for cross-context behavioral advertising. This right provides an individual with the opportunity to opt-out of having their information sold, shared, or used for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising. The CPRA broadly defines “sale” as any sharing of personal information with third parties in exchange for monetary or other valuable consideration. The CPRA defines “sharing” as sharing personal information with a third party (such as AmperWave) for cross context behavioral advertising (commonly referred to as tailored ads). Similarly, Utah, Virginia, Connecticut and Colorado laws provide residents in those states with the right to opt-out of targeted advertising. “Targeted advertising” means delivering advertisements to a consumer where the advertisement is selected based on personal data obtained from that consumer’s activities over time and across nonaffiliated websites or online applications to predict such consumer’s preferences or interests. AmperWave works with publishers to provide a range of digital audio services (“Services”). In doing so, the following information is automatically shared with, or collected by AmperWave when you use the Services: the IP address used to connect to the Services;the type of web browser, mobile application, operating system, and model used to access the Services (such as Safari, Chrome, iPhone or Android device);the device ID associated with the device used to access the Services;the audio content and the category of audio content listened to or accessed, including the name of the station, audio channel, streaming music and podcast; andthe digital advertisements served to you. Your IP address can be used to identify the general location of your Internet-connected device, such as the country, state, city, or general area in which it is connecting to the Internet, sometimes referred to as non-specific or rough geolocation. The information identified above is used to analyze the use of the Services, for measurement and reporting purposes, to help improve the Services, and to deliver tailored ads. Additionally, this information may be shared with AmperWave’s third-party business partners to help provide personalized advertising content when you use the Services. It is also used to help protect the security or integrity of the Services, such as by protecting against fraud and unauthorized access to the Services.