Privacy Policy 2023 Tia Te'aire LLC's Privacy Policy 2023 Welcome to Tia Te'aire LLC. This document outlines our privacy practices and policies and provides information about confidentiality and laws related to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal safety, health, and private information while engaged in services through our organization. Who We Are? Tia Te'aire is a Certified Reiki Master Practitioner, Certified Community Health Worker, Certified Life Coach, and Certified Neuro-Linguistic Programming Practitioner. Tia Te'aire is not a licensed medical professional, however she has over 14 years of healthcare background and experience and is a student majoring in psychology in behavior analysis. What is Personal Health and Safety Information? Personal health information is data that can be used to identify a person and details of their healthcare. This may include contact information (e.g., name, address, telephone number, e-mail address), personal characteristics (e.g., age, gender, cultural/ethnic background), and health details (e.g., presenting issues, health history, medical/mental health conditions, treatments being received). Collection and Use of Personal Safety and Health Information: To provide the best possible services, Tia Te'aire LLC may on certain occasions collect some personal safety, and or health information about you. We may also ask you to complete questionnaires or other self-report tests to enable a better understanding of your emotional, healing, trauma, and mental health- related needs. The primary purpose of collecting this information is so we may be able to: • Evaluate your healing needs. Privacy Policy 2023 • Recommend appropriate courses of action towards mental healing; and • Provide coaching or outsourcing and referrals. Electronic Communication of Personal Health and Safety Information ("telecommunications"): Tia Te'aire LLC offers e-mail communication, messenger apps, video conferencing, & texting as a method of contact between yourself and our company. We use e-mail to provide appointment confirmations and reminders as well as to perform consultations. Consultations also may be provided through phone, video conferencing, text and messenger apps. We may also use e-mail to communicate with you about appointment bookings and cancellations. E-mail, messenger apps, video conferencing, and text are convenient and efficient; however, communicating by e-mail, messenger apps, video conferencing, and text also includes risks that should also be considered. E-mail is not recognized as a secure form of communication. Risks of transmitting your information by e-mail, messenger apps, video conferencing, and text include, but are not limited to, the following: • The privacy and security of e-mail, messenger apps, video conferencing, and text communication cannot be guaranteed; • E-mail, messenger apps, video conferencing, and text is easier to falsify than phone, fax or mail. It is also impossible to verify the true identity of the sender, or to ensure that only the recipient can read the e-mail, messenger apps and text once it has been sent; • E-mail, messenger apps, video conferencing, and text can introduce viruses into a computer and phone system, and potentially damage or disrupt the computer or phone; • E-mail, messenger apps, video conferencing, and text can be forwarded, intercepted, circulated, stored, or even changed without the knowledge or permission of the sender or recipient. E-mail, messenger apps, and text senders can easily misaddress an e-mail, message or text, resulting in it being sent to unintended and unknown recipients; and Privacy Policy 2023 • E-mail, message and text create a permanent record. Even after the sender and recipient have deleted their copies of the e-mail, message and text, back-up copies may exist on a computer, cloud or in cyberspace. We will use reasonable means to protect the security and confidentiality of e-mail, messenger apps, video conferencing, and text information sent and received. However, because of the risks outlined above, we cannot guarantee the security and confidentiality of e-mail communication, messenger apps, text, or video conferencing. Consent to the use of telecommunications indicates your agreement with the following conditions: • Telecommunications from you containing clinically relevant information may be stored in full in the care of Tia Te'aire LLC. Because these would become part of our database, other individuals authorized to access this database among the company and affiliates will have access to those e-mails, messages and texts; Tele-Services (Virtual and Telephone-based Sessions): Tia Te'aire LLC offers virtual (video conferencing) and telephone-based options for all sessions. Virtual care is offered through the Zoom platform. Zoom is privacy compliant. Virtual care requires the use of a webcam or smartphone, and a link to the virtual session will be provided by e-mail prior to the session.We highly recommend you test your video/audio settings the day before your session, and contact Zoom's tech support for assistance if needed. In the event of technical problems during your session, a back-up plan (e.g., a phone number where you can be reached) will be used to restart the session or to reschedule it. Your provider may elect to use a different video conferencing platform; the benefits/risks of that platform will be discussed with you prior to beginning virtual sessions. Telephone-based sessions will involve your provider contacting you by phone at your scheduled appointment time. Please note that in some cases, the Caller ID may show up as "Unknown", "PRIVATE" or blocked. We ask you to ensure you are available and can answer the call at the scheduled appointment time. Privacy Policy 2023 Engaging in sessions using virtual care or by telephone encompasses risks that should also be considered. Consent to the use of virtual and telephone-based sessions indicates your agreement with the following conditions: • Confidentiality still applies for mental health tele-services, and the session will not be recorded by Tia Te'aire LLC, your provider or yourself without permission from the other person(s). • It is important to be in a quiet, private space that is free of distractions during the session. • It is important to use a secure internet connection rather than public/free Wi-Fi. Disclosure of Personal Health Information: In accordance with the laws, professional standards, and ethical codes we follow, the information you share with Tia Te'aire LLC remains confidential. This means your information will not be disclosed to anyone without your consent, with the exception of the specific situations outlined below. Tia Te'aire is a Mandated Reporter. Your information may be released without your consent in the following situations: 1. Abuse / Neglect If there are reasonable grounds to suspect that a child under 16 years of age or a classified vulnerable adult is, or may be, in need of protection, Tia Te'aire LLC must, by law, report this information to Child Protection Services or The Vulnerable Adult Hotline in your state. Examples of reportable situations include physical harm/abuse, sexual abuse, emotional harm (e.g., verbal abuse, humiliation, witnessing violence), or a pattern of neglect or failure to protect a child or vulnerable adult from harm. Additionally, if there are reasonable grounds to suspect that a resident of a nursing, retirement or other long-term care home has suffered harm, or is at risk of harm due to improper or incompetent treatment or care, unlawful conduct, abuse or neglect, or possible misuse or misappropriation of the resident's money or funding, Tia Te'aire LLC is required to report this information to the Registrar for your Long Term Care & Nursing Home Facilities in your state. Privacy Policy 2023 1. Court Order Our records can be subpoenaed by a court order and Tia Te'aire LLC may be required to testify and give information obtained during the course of any assessment and sessions. This information would never be provided voluntarily without your direct request or permission without the court order. 1. Missing Persons If the police present a Court Order, Search Warrant or Urgent Demand for records related to a missing person, Tia Te'aire LLC is required to provide the information and/or records sought by police in order to assist with locating that missing person. Access to Your Personal Health Information & Requests for Correction: With a few exceptions, you have the right to access your information. This means that you may request to read notes in your file and for a copy of your health information. In these cases, your provider will review the clinical notes with you and can help you understand any information that is not clear (e.g., short-forms, technical terms, etc.). Copies of your file will take time to provide due to the busy nature of our company - we will provide an estimate of the time-frame and cost when your request is made. If we cannot give you access, we will advise you in writing within 30 days if possible, and will outline the reason, as best we can, as to why we cannot give you access. Storage and Destruction of Personal Health Information: A record containing your personal health information and information about your sessions and other materially relevant interactions are maintained in a secured place while you are engaged in Tia Te'aire LLC's services. Your personal health information will be retained for a period of 1 year after our last contact with you. Any personal health information that is stored electronically is protected by appropriate security Privacy Policy 2023 measures (e.g., PHIPA-compliant software that includes bank-level encryption). After 1 year, your personal information is destroyed in a secure manner that protects your privacy. Your Provider maintains responsibility for your client file.MINNESOTA DEPARTMENT OF HUMAN SERVICES Notice of Privacy Practices and Notice of Rights and Responsibilities (Effective Date: November 2018) DHS-4839E-ENG 11-18 Notice of Privacy Practices This part of the notice describes how private or confidential information about you may be used and disclosed. Please review it carefully. Why do we ask for this information? • To tell you apart from other people with the same or similar name • To decide what you are eligible for • To help you get medical and mental health services and decide whether you can pay for some services • To decide whether you or your family need protective services • To decide about out-of-home care and in-home care for you or your children • To make reports, do research, do audits, and evaluate our programs • To investigate reports of people that may lie about the help they need or to get assistance they may not be entitled to receive • To collect money from other agencies, like insurance companies, if they should pay for your care • To collect money from the state or federal government for help we give you Why do we ask you for your Social Security number? We need your Social Security number (SSN) to give you Medical Assistance (MA), some kinds of financial help, and child support enforcement services (42 USC 666; Minn. Stat. 256L.04, subd. 1a; 42 CFR 435.910). We also need your SSN to verify identity and prevent duplication of state and federal benefits. Additionally, your SSN is used to conduct computer data matches with our partner nonprofit and private agencies to verify income, resources, and other information that may affect your eligibility or benefits. You do not have to give us the SSN for people in your home who are not applying for coverage. You also do not have to give us your SSN: • If you have religious objections • If you are not a U.S. citizen and are applying for Emergency Medical Assistance only • If you are from another country, are in the U.S. on a temporary basis, and do not have permission from the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) to live in the U.S. permanently • If you are living in the U.S. without the knowledge or approval of the USCIS Page 1 of 7 Why do we ask you for your financial information? We use this information only for the purposes authorized by law, such as verifying eligibility or determining the amount of a premium. We will not share this information with any other person or entity. Do you have to answer the questions we ask? You do not have to give us your personal information. Without the information, we may not be able to help you. If you give us wrong information on purpose, you could be investigated and then charged with a crime. With whom may we share information? We will share information about you only as needed and as allowed or required by law. We may share your information with the following agencies or people who need the information to do their jobs: • Employees or volunteers with other state, county, local, federal, and partner nonprofit and private agencies • Researchers, auditors, investigators, and others that do quality-of-care reviews and studies or begin prosecutions or legal actions related to managing the human services programs • Court officials, county attorneys, attorneys general, other law enforcement officials, child support officials, child protection and fraud investigators, and fraud prevention investigators • Human services offices, including child support enforcement offices • Governmental agencies in other states administering public benefits programs • Health care providers, including mental health agencies and drug and alcohol treatment facilities • Health care insurers, health care agencies, managed care organizations and others that pay for your care • Guardians, conservators or people with power of attorney who are authorized representatives • Coroners and medical investigators if you die and they investigate your death • Credit bureaus, creditors or collection agencies if you do not pay fees you owe to us for services, in limited situations • Certified application counselors, in-person assisters, and navigators and anyone else the law says we must or can give the information to What are our responsibilities? • We must protect the privacy of your personal, health care and other private information according to the terms of this notice. • We may not use your information for reasons other than the reasons listed on this form or share your information with people and agencies other than those listed on this form unless you tell us in writing that we can. • We will not sell any data collected, created, or maintained as part of this application. • We must follow the terms of this notice and give you a copy of it, but we may change our privacy policy. Those changes will apply to all information we have about you.The new notice will be available on request, and we will put changes to it on our website at https:// edocs.dhs.state.mn.us/lfserver/Public/DHS-4839E-ENG. • The law requires us to keep your private information private and secure. • If something happens that causes your private information to no longer be private and secure, we will let you know right away. This part of the notice describes how medical information about you may be used and disclosed and how you can get access to this information. Please review it carefully. We can use and share your health care information to • Help manage the health care treatment you receive • We can use your health information and share it with professionals who are treating you. Example: A doctor sends us information about your diagnosis and treatment plan so we can arrange additional services. • We can also share your information with guardians, conservators or people with power of attorney who are authorized representatives • Run our organization • We can use and share your information to run our organization and contact you when necessary. This includes sharing your information with employees or volunteers with other state, county, local, federal, and partner nonprofit and private agencies, including child support offices. • We can share your information with these people and groups: º Auditors, investigators, and others that do quality-of- care reviews and studies º Credit bureaus, creditors or collection agencies if you do not pay fees you owe to us for services, in limited situations º Certified application counselors, in-person assisters, and navigators and anyone else the law says we must or can give the information to • We are not allowed to use genetic information to decide whether we will give you coverage and the price of that coverage. This does not apply to long-term-care plans. Example: We use health information about you to develop better services for you. • Pay for your health services • We can use and share your health information as we pay for your health services. Example: We share information about you with your dental plan to coordinate payment for your dental work. • Help with public health and safety issues • We can share health information about you for purposes such as: º Preventing disease º Helping with product recalls º Reporting adverse reactions to medications º Reporting suspected abuse, neglect, or domestic violence º Preventing or reducing a serious threat to anyone's health or safety • Do research • We can use or share your information for health research. • Comply with the law • We will share information about you if state or federal laws require it. This includes sharing information with the Department of Health and Human Services if it wants to see that we're complying with federal privacy law. • Respond to organ and tissue donation requests and work with a medical examiner or funeral director • We can share health information about you with organ procurement organizations. • We can share health information with a coroner, medical examiner, or funeral director when a person dies. • Address workers' compensation, law enforcement, and other government requests • For workers' compensation claims • For law enforcement purposes or with a law enforcement official • With health oversight agencies for activities authorized by law • With governmental agencies in other states administering public benefits programs • For special government functions, such as military, national security, and presidential protective services • Respond to lawsuits and legal actions • We can share health information about you in response to a court order. We may share the information with court officials, county attorneys, attorneys general, other law enforcement officials, child support officials, child protection and fraud investigators, and fraud prevention investigators. What are your rights regarding the information we have about you? Get a copy of health and claims records • You and people you have given permission to may see and copy private information we have about you, such as health and claims records. You may have to pay for the copies. • You can choose someone to act for you with a medical power of attorney or as a legal guardian. That person can exercise your rights and make choices about your information. Page 2 of 7 DHS-4839E-ENG 11-18 Ask us to correct health and claims records • You may question whether the information we have about you is correct. Send your concerns in writing. Tell us why the information is wrong or incomplete. Send your own explanation of the information you do not agree with. We will attach your explanation anytime information is shared. Request confidential communications • You have the right to ask us in writing to share health information with you in a certain way or in a certain place. • We will consider all reasonable requests. We must say yes if you tell us you would be in danger if we did not.For example, you may ask us to send health information to your work address instead of your home address. If we find that your request is reasonable, we will grant it. Ask us to limit what we use or share • You can ask us not to use or share certain health information for treatment, payment, or our operations. We are not required to agree to your request and we may say no if it would affect your care. Get a list of those with whom we've shared information • This list will not include disclosures for treatment, payment, and health care operations. It will also not include certain other disclosures, such as any you asked us to make. • We'll provide one list a year for free but will charge a reasonable, cost-based fee if you ask for another one within 12 months. Get a copy of this privacy notice You can ask for a paper copy of this notice at any time, even if you have agreed to receive the notice electronically. We will provide you with a paper copy promptly. If you do not understand the information, ask your worker to explain it to you. You may ask the Minnesota Department of Human Services for another copy of this notice. What are your choices? For certain health information, you can tell us your choices about what we share. You have both the right and choice to tell us to: • Share health information with your family, close friends, or others involved in payment for your care • Share information in a disaster relief situation Tell us what you want us to do, and we will follow your instructions. If you are not able to tell us your preference, for example, if you are unconscious, we may go ahead and share your information if we believe it is in your best interest. We may also share your information when needed to lessen a serious and imminent threat to health or safety. What privacy rights do children have? If you are under 18, when parental consent for medical treatment is not required, information will be provided to parents only when the medical provider believes that your health is at risk if the information is not shared. Parents may see other information about you and let others see this information, unless you have asked that this information not be shared with your parents. You must ask for this in writing and say what information you do not want to share and why. If the agency agrees that sharing the information is not in your best interest, the information will not be shared with your parents. If the agency does not agree, the information may be shared with your parents if they ask for it. What if you believe your privacy rights have been violated? You may complain if you believe your privacy rights have been violated. You cannot be denied service or treated badly because you have made a complaint. If you believe that your medical privacy was violated by your doctor or clinic, a health insurer, a health plan, or a pharmacy, you may send a written complaint to either the county agency, the organization or the federal civil rights office at: U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office for Civil Rights, Region V 233 N. Michigan Avenue, Suite 240 Chicago, IL 60601 312-886-2359 (voice) 800-368-1019 (toll free) 800-537-7697 (TTY) 312-886-1807 (fax) If you believe the Minnesota Department of Human Services violated your privacy rights, you may also contact: Minnesota Department of Human Services Attn: Data Complaint PO Box 64998 St. Paul, MN 55164-0998 Whom do you contact if you need more information about privacy practices? If you need more information about privacy practices, call the Minnesota Health Care Programs (MHCP) Member Help Desk at 800-657-3739 or 651-431-2670. Page 3 of 7 DHS-4839E-ENG 11-18 Notice of Rights and Responsibilities Changes If you have MA, you must report a change within 10 days of the change happening. Call your county or tribal agency to report the change. If you do not report changes, you may have to pay money back to the state or federal government for benefits that you received but were not eligible for. If you are not sure whether to report a change, call and explain what is happening. Examples of changes you need to report include the following: Income changes when you • Start a new job, change jobs or stop a job • Start to get, or receive changes in the amount of, other income like Social Security, other retirement income and unemployment Residence changes when you • Move to a new address Life changes in your household when someone • Starts or stops other health insurance or Medicare • Becomes pregnant or has a baby • Moves in or out of your home • Changes tax filing status • Loses Minnesota residency • Changes citizenship or lawful presence status • Changes incarceration status • Dies, gets married or gets a divorce • Becomes disabled Reviews The state or federal agency's health care program auditors may look at your case. They will review the information you gave us and check to make sure we processed your case correctly.They will let you know if they need to ask you questions. Consent for Sharing of Medical Information In your application for Minnesota Health Care Program coverage, you have given your written and signed consent to the following agencies and people to share between them medical information about you only for the limited purposes indicated: • Health providers, including health plans, insurance agencies, Minnesota Health Care Programs, county advocates, school districts, your county or state case workers, and their contractors and subcontractors, for these purposes: • To determine who should pay for your health care • To provide, manage and coordinate health care services • All other agencies or people listed on this Notice of Privacy Practices and Notice of Rights and Responsibilities, for this purpose: • To administer Minnesota Health Care Programs, pay for services, and conduct research and investigations This consent applies to medical information about your minor children you applied for on this application. You can stop this consent at any time by asking in writing for it to end. The written notice to stop this consent will not affect information the agency has already given to others. This consent is good while you are enrolled in Minnesota Health Care Programs, up to one year or longer if the law permits. However, it does not end after one year for records given to consulting providers or for payment of your bills, fraud investigations or quality-of-care review and studies. An agency or person who gets your information through this consent could give the information to others. If you end this consent, you cannot enroll or stay enrolled in Minnesota Health Care Programs. Other Health Care You and your household members enrolled in MA must tell us about any other health insurance that you have or that is available to you, including employer-sponsored coverage, private health insurance, long-term-care insurance, and any limited health coverage, such as dental or accident coverage. You must tell us whether your employer offers insurance and whether you accepted it. You and your household members enrolled in MA may need to accept and keep a health insurance policy when the policy is found to be cost effective. If you have a good reason for not doing that, you may ask the state to approve the reason. If you do not give us information about your health insurance policy, you may not get coverage. You must also tell us when you become eligible for Medicare. MA pays for the Medicare premiums of some low- income people. Once you are eligible for Medicare Part B and Part D, MA will no longer pay for services that could be covered by a Medicare program. MA Medical Support If you are applying for yourself and your children and you do not live with the other parent, the law says you may have to give information to child support staff if both you and your child are eligible for MA. This includes helping the state prove who the father of your children is and helping the state to get the other parent to help pay the children's medical expenses. If you do not help child support staff, your children will still get coverage, but your coverage will end, unless you are pregnant. If you are afraid the other parent may cause harm to you or your child, you can give your county or tribal agency proof to support your fears. The agency will review your proof and tell you whether you still must give information to child support staff. Page 4 of 7 DHS-4839E-ENG 11-18 Assignment of Medical Payments By accepting MA, you give your rights to all medical payments for yourself and anyone else you apply for to the state of Minnesota. These include medical payments from all other people or companies, including medical support payments from an absent parent. This assignment of medical payments begins as soon as health care coverage starts. For MA for Long-Term Care, this includes your right to support from your spouse under Minnesota Statutes, section 256B.14, subdivision 3. You also agree to help the state get paid back for medical expenses that should have been paid by others. You may not have to help the state if you have a good reason for not helping and the state approves the reason. MA Estate Claims and Liens In certain circumstances, federal and state law require the Minnesota Department of Human Services and local agencies to recover costs that the MA program paid for its members health care services. This recovery process is done through Minnesota's MA estate recovery and lien program.If you are enrolled in MA when you are 55 years old or older, then, after you die, Minnesota must try to recover certain payments the MA program made for your health care, including: • Nursing home services • Home and community-based services • Related hospital and prescription drug costs If you permanently live in a medical institution, Minnesota must also try to recover the costs of all MA services you receive at any age while living in a medical institution. If you are permanently living in a medical institution and you do not have a spouse or disabled child living on your homesteaded real property, the state may file an MA lien against your real property to recover MA costs before your death. However, MA members who qualify for services under modified adjusted gross income (MAGI) eligibility criteria are not subject to recovery for services received before the age of 55. After you die, the state also may file a notice of potential claim, which is a form of lien, against real property to recover MA costs. Liens to recover MA costs may be filed against the following: • Your life estate or joint tenancy interest in real property • Your real property that you own solely • Your real property that you own with someone else Minnesota cannot start recovery of these costs while your spouse is still living or if you have a child under 21 years old or a child who is permanently disabled. Once your spouse dies, Minnesota must try to recover your MA costs from your spouse's estate. However, recovery is further delayed if you still have a child who is under 21 or permanently disabled. Your children do not have to use their assets to reimburse the state for any MA services you received. You have the right to speak with a legal-aid group or a private attorney if you have specific questions about how MA estate recovery and liens may affect your circumstance and estate planning. The Minnesota Department of Human Services cannot provide you with legal advice. For more information, go to http://mn.gov/dhs/ma-estate-recovery/. You Have the Right to Ask for a Hearing If you feel your health care eligibility or benefits are wrong or your application was not processed correctly, you may ask for an appeal hearing. By requesting an appeal hearing, you are requesting a fair review of your case. You can represent yourself or use an attorney, advocate, authorized representative, relative, friend or other person. You will find specific appeal instructions on all eligibility notices that you receive. Learn more about the appeals process and how to ask for a hearing at www.dhs.state.mn.us/appeals/faqs. You can complete and submit an appeal request online at https://edocs.dhs.state.mn.us/lfserver/Public/DHS-0033-ENG. You can also print the form that is available at the address above and submit the completed form by fax to 651-431-7523 or by mail to this address: Minnesota Department of Human Services Appeals Division PO Box 64941 St. Paul, MN 55164-0941 Immigration Immigration information you give to us is private. We use it to see whether you can get coverage. We share it only when the law allows it or requires it, such as to verify identity. In most cases, applying will not affect your immigration status unless you are applying for payment of long-term-care services. You do not have to give us your immigration information if you are a pregnant woman living in the United States without the knowledge or approval of the United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS). You also do not have to give us your immigration information if you are: • Applying for emergency medical care only • Helping someone else apply • Not applying for yourself Genetic Information DHS does not collect, maintain or use genetic information for purposes of eligibility. Record Retention Information provided in an application for coverage through DHS is subject to the False Claims Act and may be kept for up to 10 years. DHS follows the general records retention schedules for state agencies and for the Department of Human Services and maintains data according to state and federal law. After the appropriate time period, DHS destroys the data in a way that prevents their contents from being determined, including by shredding paper files and permanently removing electronic data so as to prevent recovery. Page 5 of 7 DHS-4839E-ENG 11-18 Civil Rights Notice Discrimination is against the law.The Minnesota Department of Human Services (DHS) does not discriminate on the basis of any of the following: • race • color • national origin • disability • sex (including sex stereotypes and gender identity) • political beliefs • public assistance status • marital status • age • creed • religion • sexual orientation CB3 (HC-Medical) 3-18 Auxiliary Aids and Services: DHS provides auxiliary aids and services, like qualified interpreters or information in accessible formats, free of charge and in a timely manner to ensure an equal opportunity to participate in our health care programs. Call 651-431-2670 or 800-657-3739 or use your preferred relay service. Language Assistance Services: DHS provides translated documents and spoken language interpreting, free of charge and in a timely manner, when language assistance services are necessary to ensure limited English speakers have meaningful access to our information and services. Call 651-431-2670 or 800-657-3739 or use your preferred relay service. Civil Rights Complaints You have the right to file a discrimination complaint if you believe you were treated in a discriminatory way by a human services agency. You may contact any of the following three agencies directly to file a discrimination complaint. U.S. Department of Health and Human Services' Office for Civil Rights (OCR) You have the right to file a complaint with the OCR, a federal agency, if you believe you have been discriminated against because of any of the following: • race • color • national origin • age • disability • sex Contact the OCR directly to file a complaint: Director, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services' Office for Civil Rights 200 Independence Avenue SW, Room 509F HHH Building Washington, DC 20201 800-368-1019 (voice) • 800-537-7697 (TDD) Complaint Portal: https://ocrportal.hhs.gov/ocr/portal/lobby.jsf Minnesota Department of Human Rights (MDHR) In Minnesota, you have the right to file a complaint with the MDHR if you believe you have been discriminated against because of any of the following: • race • color • national origin • religion • creed • sex • sexual orientation • marital status assistance status • disability • public Contact the MDHR directly to file a complaint: Minnesota Department of Human Rights Freeman Building, 625 North Robert Street St. Paul, MN 55155 651-539-1100 (voice) • 800-657-3704 (toll free) 711 or 800-627-3529 (MN Relay) • 651-296-9042 (fax) Info.MDHR@state.mn.us (email) DHS You have the right to file a complaint with DHS if you believe you have been discriminated against in our health care programs because of any of the following: • race • color • national origin • creed • religion • sexual orientation • public assistance status • marital status • age • disability • sex (including sex stereotypes and gender identity) • political beliefs Complaints must be in writing and filed within 180 days of the date you discovered the alleged discrimination. The complaint must contain your name and address and describe the discrimination you are complaining about. After we get your complaint, we will review it and notify you in writing about whether we have authority to investigate. If we do, we will investigate the complaint. DHS will notify you in writing of the investigation's outcome. You have the right to appeal the outcome if you disagree with the decision. To appeal, you must send a written request to have DHS review the investigation outcome. Be brief and state why you disagree with the decision. Include additional information you think is important. If you file a complaint in this way, the people who work for the agency named in the complaint cannot retaliate against you. This means they cannot punish you in any way for filing a complaint. Filing a complaint in this way does not stop you from seeking out other legal or administrative actions. Contact DHS directly to file a discrimination complaint: Civil Rights Coordinator Minnesota Department of Human Services Equal Opportunity and Access Division P.O. Box 64997 St. Paul, MN 55164-0997 651-431-3040 (voice) or use your preferred relay service Page 6 of 7 DHS-4839E-ENG 11-18 651-431-2670 or 800-657-3739 Page 7 of 7 DHS-4839E-ENG 11-18PRIVACY POLICY Updated at July 1st, 2023 LCM INTERNATIONAL ("we," "our," or "us") is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how your personal information is collected, used, and disclosed by LCM INTERNATIONAL. This Privacy Policy applies to our website, and its associated subdomains (collectively, our "Service") alongside our application, LCM INTERNATIONAL. By accessing or using our Service, you signify that you have read, understood, and agree to our collection, storage, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service. Definitions and key terms To help explain things as clearly as possible in this Privacy Policy, every time any of these terms are referenced, are strictly defined as: ⚫ Cookie: small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. It is used to identify your browser, provide analytics, remember information about you such as your language preference or login information. ⚫ Company: when this policy mentions "Company," "we," "us," or "our," it refers to Nelky Advisory SA, (Bahnhofstrasse 7 6300 Zug Switzerland), that is responsible for your information under this Privacy Policy. ⚫ Country: where LCM INTERNATIONAL or the owners/founders of LCM INTERNATIONAL are based, in this case is Switzerland ⚫ Customer: refers to the company, organization or person that signs up to use the LCM INTERNATIONAL Service to manage the relationships with your consumers or service users. ⚫ Device: any internet connected device such as a phone, tablet, computer or any other device that can be used to visit LCM INTERNATIONAL and use the services. ⚫ IP address: Every device connected to the Internet is assigned a number known as an Internet protocol (IP) address. These numbers are usually assigned in geographic blocks. An IP address can often be used to identify the location from which a device is connecting to the Internet. ⚫ Personnel: refers to those individuals who are employed by LCM INTERNATIONAL or are under contract to perform a service on behalf of one of the parties. ⚫ Personal Data: any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information - including a personal identification number - allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person. ⚫ Service: refers to the service provided by LCM INTERNATIONAL as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this platform. ⚫ Third-party service: refers to advertisers, contest sponsors, promotional and marketing partners, and others who provide our content or whose products or services we think may interest you. ⚫ Website: LCM INTERNATIONAL's site, which can be accessed via this URL: lcminternational.ch ⚫ You: a person or entity that is registered with LCM INTERNATIONAL to use the Services. What Information Do We Collect? We collect information from you when you visit our website, register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form. ⚫ Name / Username ⚫ Phone Numbers ⚫ Email Addresses ⚫ Mailing Addresses ⚫ Job Titles ⚫ Billing Addresses ⚫ Age ⚫ Password When does LCM INTERNATIONAL use end user information from third parties? LCM INTERNATIONAL will collect End User Data necessary to provide the LCM INTERNATIONAL services to our customers. End users may voluntarily provide us with information they have made available on social media websites. If you provide us with any such information, we may collect publicly available information from the social media websites you have indicated. You can control how much of your information social media websites make public by visiting these websites and changing your privacy settings. page 1/9 When does LCM INTERNATIONAL use customer information from third parties? We receive some information from the third parties when you contact us. For example, when you submit your email address to us to show interest in becoming a LCM INTERNATIONAL customer, we receive information from a third party that provides automated fraud detection services to LCM INTERNATIONAL. We also occasionally collect information that is made publicly available on social media websites. You can control how much of your information social media websites make public by visiting these websites and changing your privacy settings. Do we share the information we collect with third parties? We may share the information that we collect, both personal and non-personal, with third parties such as advertisers, contest sponsors, promotional and marketing partners, and others who provide our content or whose products or services we think may interest you. We may also share it with our current and future affiliated companies and business partners, and if we are involved in a merger, asset sale or other business reorganization, we may also share or transfer your personal and non-personal information to our successors-in-interest.We may engage trusted third party service providers to perform functions and provide services to us, such as hosting and maintaining our servers and the website, database storage and management, e-mail management, storage marketing, credit card processing, customer service and fulfilling orders for products and services you may purchase through the website. We will likely share your personal information, and possibly some non-personal information, with these third parties to enable them to perform these services for us and for you. We may share portions of our log file data, including IP addresses, for analytics purposes with third parties such as web analytics partners, application developers, and ad networks. If your IP address is shared, it may be used to estimate general location and other technographics such as connection speed, whether you have visited the website in a shared location, and type of the device used to visit the website. They may aggregate information about our advertising and what you see on the website and then provide auditing, research and reporting for us and our advertisers. We may also disclose personal and non-personal information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in order to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas), to protect our rights and interests or those of a third party, the safety of the public or any person, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to otherwise comply with applicable court orders, laws, rules and regulations. Where and when is information collected from customers and end users? LCM INTERNATIONAL will collect personal information that you submit to us. We may also receive personal information about you from third parties as described above. How Do We Use The Information We Collect? Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: ⚫ To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs) ⚫ To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you) ⚫ To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs) ⚫ To process transactions ⚫ To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature ⚫ To send periodic emails How Do We Use Your Email Address? By submitting your email address on this website, you agree to receive emails from us. You can cancel your participation in any of these email lists at any time by clicking on the opt-out link or other unsubscribe option that is included in the respective email. We only send emails to people who have authorized us to contact them, either directly, or through a third party. We do not send unsolicited commercial emails, because we hate spam as much as you do. By submitting your email address, you also agree to allow us to use your email address for customer audience targeting on sites like Facebook, where we display custom advertising to specific people who have opted- in to receive communications from us. Email addresses submitted only through the order processing page will be used for the sole purpose of sending you information and updates pertaining to your order. If, however, you have provided the same email to us through another method, we may use it for any of the purposes stated in this Policy. Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe page 2/9 instructions at the bottom of each email. How Long Do We Keep Your Information? We keep your information only so long as we need it to provide LCM INTERNATIONAL to you and fulfill the purposes described in this policy. This is also the case for anyone that we share your information with and who carries out services on our behalf. When we no longer need to use your information and there is no need for us to keep it to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, we'll either remove it from our systems or depersonalize it so that we can't identify you. How Do We Protect Your Information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information. We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) is never kept on file.We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the absolute security of any information you transmit to LCM INTERNATIONAL or guarantee that your information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by a breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. Could my information be transferred to other countries? LCM INTERNATIONAL is incorporated in Switzerland. Information collected via our website, through direct interactions with you, or from use of our help services may be transferred from time to time to our offices or personnel, or to third parties, located throughout the world, and may be viewed and hosted anywhere in the world, including countries that may not have laws of general applicability regulating the use and transfer of such data. To the fullest extent allowed by applicable law, by using any of the above, you voluntarily consent to the trans-border transfer and hosting of such information. Is the information collected through the LCM INTERNATIONAL Service secure? We take precautions to protect the security of your information. We have physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to help safeguard, prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use your information. However, neither people nor security systems are foolproof, including encryption systems. In addition, people can commit intentional crimes, make mistakes or fail to follow policies. Therefore, while we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If applicable law imposes any non-disclaimable duty to protect your personal information, you agree that intentional misconduct will be the standards used to measure our compliance with that duty. Can I update or correct my information? The rights you have to request updates or corrections to the information LCM INTERNATIONAL collects depend on your relationship with LCM INTERNATIONAL. Personnel may update or correct their information as detailed in our internal company employment policies. Customers have the right to request the restriction of certain uses and disclosures of personally identifiable information as follows. You can contact us in order to (1) update or correct your personally identifiable information, (2) change your preferences with respect to communications and other information you receive from us, or (3) delete the personally identifiable information maintained about you on our systems (subject to the following paragraph), by cancelling your account. Such updates, corrections, changes and deletions will have no effect on other information that we maintain, or information that we have provided to third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy prior to such update, correction, change or deletion. To protect your privacy and security, we may take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you profile access or making corrections. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information at all times. You should be aware that it is not technologically possible to remove each and every record of the information you have provided to us from our system. The need to back up our systems to protect information from inadvertent loss means that a copy of your information may exist in a non-erasable form that will be difficult or impossible for us to locate. Promptly after receiving your request, all personal information stored in databases we actively use, and other readily searchable media will be updated, corrected, changed or deleted, as appropriate, as soon as and to the extent reasonably and technically practicable. If you are an end user and wish to update, delete, or receive any information we have about you, you may do so by contacting the organization of which you are a customer. page 3/9 Personnel If you are a LCM INTERNATIONAL worker or applicant, we collect information you voluntarily provide to us. We use the information collected for Human Resources purposes in order to administer benefits to workers and screen applicants. You may contact us in order to (1) update or correct your information, (2) change your preferences with respect to communications and other information you receive from us, or (3) receive a record of the information we have relating to you. Such updates, corrections, changes and deletions will have no effect on other information that we maintain, or information that we have provided to third parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy prior to such update, correction, change or deletion.Sale of Business We reserve the right to transfer information to a third party in the event of a sale, merger or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of LCM INTERNATIONAL or any of its Corporate Affiliates (as defined herein), or that portion of LCM INTERNATIONAL or any of its Corporate Affiliates to which the Service relates, or in the event that we discontinue our business or file a petition or have filed against us a petition in bankruptcy, reorganization or similar proceeding, provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Affiliates We may disclose information (including personal information) about you to our Corporate Affiliates. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Corporate Affiliate" means any person or entity which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with LCM INTERNATIONAL, whether by ownership or otherwise. Any information relating to you that we provide to our Corporate Affiliates will be treated by those Corporate Affiliates in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. Governing Law This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of Switzerland without regard to its conflict of laws provision. You consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in connection with any action or dispute arising between the parties under or in connection with this Privacy Policy except for those individuals who may have rights to make claims under Privacy Shield, or the Swiss-US framework. The laws of Switzerland, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern this Agreement and your use of the website. Your use of the website may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international laws. By using LCM INTERNATIONAL or contacting us directly, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you should not engage with our website, or use our services. Continued use of the website, direct engagement with us, or following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy that do not significantly affect the use or disclosure of your personal information will mean that you accept those changes. Your Consent We've updated our Privacy Policy to provide you with complete transparency into what is being set when you visit our site and how it's being used. By using our LCM INTERNATIONAL, registering an account, or making a purchase, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms. Links to Other Websites This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services. The Services may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by LCM INTERNATIONAL. We are not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions expressed in such websites, and such websites are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by us. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Services to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including those that have a link on our platform, is subject to that website's own rules and policies. Such third parties may use their own cookies or other methods to collect information about you. Cookies LCM INTERNATIONAL uses "Cookies" to identify the areas of our website that you have visited. A Cookie is a small piece of data stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser. We use Cookies to page 4/9 enhance the performance and functionality of our website but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality like videos may become unavailable or you would be required to enter your login details every time you visit the website as we would not be able to remember that you had logged in previously. Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of Cookies. However, if you disable Cookies, you may not be able to access functionality on our website correctly or at all. We never place Personally Identifiable Information in Cookies. Blocking and disabling cookies and similar technologies Wherever you're located you may also set your browser to block cookies and similar technologies, but this action may block our essential cookies and prevent our website from functioning properly, and you may not be able to fully utilize all of its features and services. You should also be aware that you may also lose some saved information (e.g. saved login details, site preferences) if you block cookies on your browser. Different browsers make different controls available to you. Disabling a cookie or category of cookie does not delete the cookie from your browser, you will need to do this yourself from within your browser, you should visit your browser's help menu for more information. Kids' Privacy We do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13.If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers. Changes To Our Privacy Policy We may change our Service and policies, and we may need to make changes to this Privacy Policy so that they accurately reflect our Service and policies. Unless otherwise required by law, we will notify you (for example, through our Service) before we make changes to this Privacy Policy and give you an opportunity to review them before they go into effect. Then, if you continue to use the Service, you will be bound by the updated Privacy Policy. If you do not want to agree to this or any updated Privacy Policy, you can delete your account. Third-Party Services We may display, include or make available third-party content (including data, information, applications and other products services) or provide links to third-party websites or services ("Third- Party Services"). You acknowledge and agree that LCM INTERNATIONAL shall not be responsible for any Third-Party Services, including their accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance, legality, decency, quality or any other aspect thereof. LCM INTERNATIONAL does not assume and shall not have any liability or responsibility to you or any other person or entity for any Third-Party Services. Third-Party Services and links thereto are provided solely as a convenience to you and you access and use them entirely at your own risk and subject to such third parties' terms and conditions. Tracking Technologies ⚫ Local Storage: sometimes known as DOM storage, provides web apps with methods and protocols for storing client-side data. Web storage supports persistent data storage, similar to cookies but with a greatly enhanced capacity and no information stored in the HTTP request header. Information about General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) We may be collecting and using information from you if you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), and in this section of our Privacy Policy we are going to explain exactly how and why is this data collected, and how we maintain this data under protection from being replicated or used in the wrong way. What is GDPR? GDPR is an EU-wide privacy and data protection law that regulates how EU residents' data is protected by companies and enhances the control the EU residents have, over their personal data. The GDPR is relevant to any globally operating company and not just the EU-based businesses and EU residents. Our customers' data is important irrespective of where they are located, which is why we have implemented GDPR controls as our baseline standard for all our operations worldwide. page 5/9 What is personal data? Any data that relates to an identifiable or identified individual. GDPR covers a broad spectrum of information that could be used on its own, or in combination with other pieces of information, to identify a person. Personal data extends beyond a person's name or email address. Some examples include financial information, political opinions, genetic data, biometric data, IP addresses, physical address, sexual orientation, and ethnicity. The Data Protection Principles include requirements such as: ⚫ Personal data collected must be processed in a fair, legal, and transparent way and should only be used in a way that a person would reasonably expect. ⚫ Personal data should only be collected to fulfil a specific purpose and it should only be used for that purpose. Organizations must specify why they need the personal data when they collect it. ⚫ Personal data should be held no longer than necessary to fulfil its purpose. ⚫ People covered by the GDPR have the right to access their own personal data. They can also request a copy of their data, and that their data be updated, deleted, restricted, or moved to another organization. Why is GDPR important? GDPR adds some new requirements regarding how companies should protect individuals' personal data that they collect and process. It also raises the stakes for compliance by increasing enforcement and imposing greater fines for breach. Beyond these facts it's simply the right thing to do. At LCM INTERNATIONAL we strongly believe that your data privacy is very important and we already have solid security and privacy practices in place that go beyond the requirements of this new regulation. Individual Data Subject's Rights - Data Access, Portability and Deletion We are committed to helping our customers meet the data subject rights requirements of GDPR. LCM INTERNATIONAL processes or stores all personal data in fully vetted, DPA compliant vendors. We do store all conversation and personal data for up to 6 years unless your account is deleted.In which case, we dispose of all data in accordance with our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, but we will not hold it longer than 60 days. We are aware that if you are working with EU customers, you need to be able to provide them with the ability to access, update, retrieve and remove personal data. We got you! We've been set up as self service from the start and have always given you access to your data and your customers data. Our customer support team is here for you to answer any questions you might have about working with the API. Contact Us Don't hesitate to contact us if you have any questions. ⚫ Via Email: contact@lcminternational.ch ⚫ Via this Link: lcminternational.ch ⚫ Via this Address: Bahnhofstrasse, 7 - 6300 Zug, Switzerland page 6/9