Privacy Statement Privacy Statement 2018-04-13T19:02:40-04:00 WSM International LLC (‘WSM’) is committed to protecting the privacy and identity of every visitor to our website. No information disclosed to WSM will be shared with any outside entity, at any time and for any purpose whatsoever. WSM will take every precaution reasonable to protect all information provided to it, to ensure the privacy of our visitors and clients; however, as with any information transferred via the internet, it is not possible to guarantee outside entities will not use illegal methods to access information being transmitted over the internet. The following indicates the manner in which WSM collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from visitors to our website: The Information We Collect WSM may collect information from visitors of this website through online forms or other instances where visitors may provide such information. WSM may also collect information about how our website is used by tracking the number of unique views received by the pages of this website, the domains from which visitors originate, and/or ‘cookies’ to track how visitors use our website (a ‘cookie’ is stored on the visitors’ computer and can be used to identify the visitor should they visit the website again). How Information Is Used WSM may use information collected through our web site to contact visitors regarding services offered by WSM, to enhance our visitors’ experience with WSM and our affiliates, business partners and independent contractors. WSM may also use information collected through our web site for research regarding the effectiveness of the website and the marketing, advertising, and sales efforts of WSM. Disclosure Of Information WSM will not disclose any personal or private information provided by the visitors of our website to any person, agency or company outside of WSM and its partners, without the expressed permission of the visitor. However, WSM does retain the right to store and disclose anonymous information directly related to the efforts of WSM. This may include, but is not limited to, information used for the purposes of marketing, advertising, sales and any pertinent information requested by our investors and potential partners. WSM is obligated to comply with state and federal laws regarding the disclosure of information. Protection Of Information Information about visitors and clients of WSM is maintained on our systems and is protected using most recent industry standard security measures. However, as with any information submitted via the internet, we cannot guarantee outside sources will not attempt to obtain the information submitted to, maintained on, or transmitted to/from our systems. WSM does guarantee to take every step reasonable to protect the privacy and security of all information received. Questions Users may direct questions concerning this Privacy Policy by email to privacy@wsmintl.com . Users may elect not to receive solicitations from WSM or from its trusted affiliates, business partners and/or independent contractors by sending an opt-out request to optout@wsmintl.com. Enterprise Business Company Contact 200 Maple Park Boulevard Suite 201 St. Clair Shores, MI 48081 +1 (313) 263-1650 Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Toggle Sliding Bar Area Contact Us Company Name First Name Last Name E-mail Phone What can we help you with? Go to Top