Smart Entertainment We are part of the Rakuten Group, which includes companies such as Rakuten.co.uk, Viber, Kobo or Viki. Currently, if you are enjoying these services, you might have a different account for each one. The Rakuten Group wants to make your experience easier, with less different passwords and accounts. To do that, we are giving you the possibility to have just one account for all the services, so no one needs to remember the different details for each service they use! You will immediately be able to use your new account both with us and with Rakuten.co.uk. In the future, this account will also be compatible more Rakuten services. And, later on, it will bring you lots of great surprises and benefits! All those who set up their account after the evening of 27th November 2014 are already Rakuten users. But, there are three possible and more probable scenarios. Scenario #1: You created your Wuaki.tv account before that date. In this case you’ll have to migrate your account so it becomes a Rakuten account. To do so, please log in to your Wuaki.tv account. If you’re not a Rakuten account holder, you’ll be invited to become one. Accept our privacy policy and click on “Migrate my account”. After that you will be asked for a password for your new account. After choosing your password, just click on “Yes, migrate my account” and… that’s pretty much it. Easy peasy! From that moment onwards, this will be your account for both Wuaki.tv and Rakuten.co.uk services. All your purchases and rentals will be migrated to your new account and you won’t feel any difference at all, all the same, we promise. Scenario #2: You already have a Rakuten account. In this case, you’ll have to migrate anyway, since this lets us activate your Rakuten account on Wuaki.tv and move all your purchases and rentals to your new account. The process is exactly the same (our website will detect you have not migrated your account and will invite you to do it), but instead of asking you for a new password we will ask you to authenticate your Rakuten account during the migration process. With this action you are turning your previous Wuaki.tv and Rakuten accounts into only one “universal” account. Scenario #3: You don’t want to migrate your account. We are only going to migrate your current Wuaki.tv account if your give your approval. We won’t migrate any user without their explicit consent. If you decide not to migrate your account, you will still be able to continue enjoying your Wuaki.tv account for now; but, in the future Wuaki.tv will only work with Rakuten accounts. When that moment arrives, any account that has not been migrated will be deactivated. We will let you know when that date is close. And you can always contact our customer service team in order to reactivate and migrate your old account without losing your purchases. And remember, if you have any problem or question, you can always contact our customer service team ( help-uk@wuaki.tv ) Join us in this exciting journey!