Privacy Policy This privacy notice applies to AdGlare. ("AdGlare", "we", "our", "us"). The privacy of your data - and it is your data, not ours! - is a big deal to us. To be crystal clear - AdGlare does not and will not ever sell your data (nor your users' data) to third parties. We'll only ever access your account to help you with a problem or squash a software bug. Identity & Access When you sign up for AdGlare, we ask for your name, company name, and email address. That's just so you can personalize your new account, and we can send you invoices, updates, or other essential information. We'll never sell your personal info to third parties. When you pay for AdGlare, we ask for your credit card and billing address. That's so we can charge you for service, calculate taxes due, and send you invoices. Your credit card is passed directly to our payment processor and doesn't ever go through our servers. We store a record of the payment transaction, including the last 4 digits of the credit card number, for account history, invoicing, and billing support. When you write AdGlare with a question or to ask for help, we'll keep a transcript of that correspondence and your email address for future reference. Your Rights With Respect to Your Information The General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR") gives people under its protection certain rights with respect to their personal information collected by us on the Site. Accordingly, AdGlare recognizes and will comply with GDPR and those rights, except as limited by applicable law. The rights under GDPR include: Right of Access . This includes your right to access the personal information we gather about you, and your right to obtain information about the sharing, storage, security and processing of that information. Right to Correction . This is your right to request correction of your personal information. Right to Erasure This is your right to request, subject to certain limitations under applicable law, that your personal information be erased from our possession (also known as the "Right to be forgotten"). However, if applicable law requires us to comply with your request to delete your information, fulfillment of your request may prevent you from using AdGlare services and may result in closing your account. Right to Complain . You have the right to make a complaint regarding our handling of your personal information with the appropriate supervisory authority. Right to Restrict Processing . This is your right to request restriction of how and why your personal information is used or processed. Right to Object . This is your right, in certain situations, to object to how or why your personal information is processed. Right to Portability . This is your right to receive the personal information we have about you and the right to transmit it to another party. Right to not be subject to Automated Decision-Making . This is your right to object and prevent any decision that could have a legal, or similarly significant, effect on you from being made solely based on automated processes. This right is limited, however, if the decision is necessary for performance of any contract between you and us, is allowed by applicable European law, or is based on your explicit consent. California's CCPA Due to AdGlare's revenue and how many user data we collect, we do not fall under California's requirement to comply with the CCPA ($25MM min in revenue / 50% of rev from data sales / or handle data on 50K+ CA users). That having said, AdGlare does not store PII, does not drop cookies nor does it track users. Security & Encryption All data from your portal is encrypted via SSL/TLS when transmitted from our servers to your browser. Data isn't encrypted while it's live in our database, since it needs to be ready to send to you when you need it. For more information about how we keep your information secure, please review our security page . Cookies Cookies will be set in your browser when visiting this website, containing the following data: A session cookie, allowing you to log in and to store data about your order.A web referer cookie to see from which page you landed on adglare.com.Third Parties You understand that AdGlare uses third party vendors and hosting partners to provide the necessary hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technology required to provide you with our services. Deleted Data When you cancel your account, we'll ensure that nothing is stored on our servers past 90 days. Anything you delete on your account while it's active will be purged immediately. Data collected from your users When viewing an ad, the following information about your visit will be processed and/or logged. The geographic location: country, region, city and DMAThe device type (desktop, tablet, mobile)The browser type, language and user-agentThe operating system typeThe domain name of the page visitedThe protocol used to access the page (http/https)The date and time of the ad requestIn some cases: the GPS coordinates rounded to one decimalOnly upon conversion: the anonymized IP address of the user (e.g. 123.123.123.X) Law Enforcement While we may be required to disclose your personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, AdGlare won't otherwise hand your data over to law enforcement unless a court order says we have to. We flat-out reject such other requests from local and federal law enforcement when they seek data without a court order. And unless we're legally prevented from it, we'll always inform you when such requests are made. Location of Site and Data This Service is operated in the United States, The Netherlands, Germany and Singapore. If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us may be transferred to any of these countries. By using our Site, participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer. 10 years cancel