We use Cookies to optimize and analyze your experience on our Services, and serve ads relevant to your interests. By selecting Accept all, you consent to our use of Cookies. Learn more in our Cookie Policy Cookie preferences subNavShow Menu Your information, your privacy, your choices Customer choices When you subscribe to our Services, information linked to your account may be used or shared to conduct audience measurement, perform analytics, or deliver personalized advertising. You can opt out of all the activities described here through a single click or manage them individually by signing in to your account. Sensitive personal information preferences We do not sell information that identifies who you are to anyone, including sensitive personal information like race, ethnicity, political affiliation, or philosophical beliefs. Sensitive personal information collected, used, or stored by Comcast is used to support activities like personalized recommendations, marketing and advertising, and security and fraud monitoring. Customers may choose to limit use of this information for marketing, advertising, and new product development at any time. Cookie preferences Like many companies, we use cookies and other common tracking technologies (Cookies) to improve our Services, optimize and analyze your experience on our Services, and serve ads relevant to your interests. You may choose which Cookies to allow and can change your preferences at any time. Control which Cookies are stored by our websites in your browser and set preferences for how advertisers customize the ads you see on this device. Device and App Settings There may be additional privacy preferences available to you on your Xfinity equipment and products. Communications from Xfinity Tell us how you’d like us to communicate with you, e.g., phone, email, etc. Decide what Xfinity marketing offers you’d like to receive via email and/or text message. Download, delete, or correct your information Certain states give their residents a legal right to download, delete, or correct their personal information, but all Xfinity customers can make a request. Learn more about data brokers We may obtain information about you from other companies, sometimes called “data brokers.” Although you can opt out of our use or sharing of your information, changes to your settings do not apply to these other companies. You can review a list of the companies that may provide us with this information. To learn more about these companies’ use or sharing of your information and your choices, visit their websites. You can also read about data brokers on California's or Vermont's data broker registries anytime. Simple things you can do to protect your information Strengthen your passwords Enable two-step verification More Less I Want To More Less Shop More Less About Comcast Web Terms of ServiceCA Notice at CollectionPrivacy PolicyYour Privacy ChoicesAd ChoicesCookie PreferencesWe use Cookies to optimize and analyze your experience on our Services, and serve ads relevant to your interests. By selecting Accept all, you consent to our use of Cookies. Learn more in our Cookie Policy Cookie preferences subNavShow Menu Comcast Xfinity Cookies Notice Effective December 8, 2022 This Cookie Notice (“Notice”) explains how we and our partners, including advertisers and vendors, use cookies and similar tracking technologies when you use the products, services, websites, mobile apps, and platforms that link to it . We’ll refer to these as our “Services.” This Notice provides more information about these technologies, your choices, and is part of the Comcast Xfinity Privacy Policy. You should read the Privacy Policy and this Notice for a full picture of our collection and use of your information. What are cookies? Like many companies, we use cookies (small files placed on your computer or device) and other common tracking technologies on the Services, including HTTP cookies, HTML5 and Flash local storage/flash cookies, web beacons/GIFs, embedded scripts, ETags/cache browsers, and software development kits (referred to together from this point forward as “Cookies,” unless otherwise stated). First-party Cookies First-party Cookies are those that we place directly on the Services (including through the use of service providers) and we use them to enable the Services and their features and to assist in analytics activities. Third-party Cookies Certain third parties may place their Cookies on your device and use them to recognize your device when you visit the Services and when you visit other websites or online services. These third parties collect and use this information pursuant to their own privacy policies. Third-party Cookies enable certain features or functionalities, and advertising, provided on and off the Services. Types of Cookies The Services use the following types of first and third-party Cookies for these purposes: Cookie management You can use the methods described below to manage Cookies. You must take these steps on each browser or device that you use. If you replace, change, or upgrade your browser or device, or delete your Cookies, you may need to use these opt-out tools again. Cookie preferences To opt out of our use of certain Cookies, go to the Cookie preferences footer link on our sites. You can opt out of most Cookies, including Cookies used to deliver personalized advertising, but you will not be able to opt out of strictly necessary cookies. Please review the Cookie preferences across Comcast web domains section below to see which of our sites have been grouped together for the purpose of Cookie preferences. Browser controls You may be able to disable and manage some Cookies through your browser settings. If you use multiple browsers on the same device, you will need to manage your settings for each browser. Please click on any of the below browser links for instructions: Google Chrome Apple Safari Mozilla Firefox Microsoft Internet Explorer If the browser you use is not listed above, please refer to your browser’s help menu for information on how to manage Cookies. Please be aware that disabling Cookies will not disable other analytics tools we may use to collect information about you or your use of our Services. Analytics provider opt-outs To disable analytics Cookies you can use the browser controls discussed above or, for some of our providers, you can use their individual opt-out mechanisms. Please visit the Your Privacy Choices to learn more. Flash local storage These Cookies are also known as local shared objects and may be used to store your preferences or display content by us, advertisers, and other third-parties. Flash Cookies need to be deleted in the storage section of your Flash Player Settings Manager. Learn more about deleting these Cookies . Personalized advertising Most third-party advertisers offer a way to opt out of their personalized advertising. For more information or to opt out of receiving personalized advertising from participating third-party advertisers, please visit Your Privacy Choices . You can also opt out of some of our advertising network providers by visiting their opt-out pages: Google Privacy Policy Google Opt-Out page Facebook Privacy Policy Facebook Opt-Out page Twitter Privacy Policy Twitter Opt-Out page These are examples of our advertising providers, but the list is not exhaustive. In addition, we are not responsible for the effectiveness of any of these providers’ opt-out mechanisms. After you opt out, you will still see advertisements, but they may not be as relevant to you. Mobile settings You may manage the collection of information for personalized advertising purposes in mobile apps via the device’s settings, including managing the collection of location data.To opt out of mobile ad tracking from third parties, you can do so by selecting “Limit Ad Tracking” (for iOS devices) or “Opt out of Ads Personalization” (for Android devices) option in your device’s settings. Consequences of deactivation of Cookies If you disable or remove Cookies, some parts of the Services may not function properly. Information may still be collected and used for other purposes, such as research, online services analytics or internal operations, and to remember your opt-out preferences. Cookie preferences across Comcast web domains Your Cookie preferences will be shared across the following Comcast web domain families. If you wish to adjust your Cookie preferences for any of these domain families at any time, simply visit the Cookie preferences link in the footer of any one of the domain family sites. Xfinity Xfinity.com/privacy, xfinity.com/learn, xfinity.com/shop, xfinity.com/buy, xfinity.com/support, digital.xfinity.com, approval.cws.com, customer.xfinity.com, my.xfinity.com, payments.xfinity.com, www.xfinity.com/stream, www.xfinity.com/mobile/shop, www.xfinity.com/mobile/learn, internetsecurity.xfinity.com, carriers.xfinity.com, login.xfinity.com, es.xfinity.com, es-payments.xfinity.com, referafriend.xfinity.com, military.xfinity.com, locations.xfinity.com Xfinity on Campus www.xfinityoncampus.com Xfinity Forums forums.xfinity.com Internet Essentials apply.internetessentials.com, es-apply.internetessentials.com, internetessentials.com Xfinity Incentive Tracker xfinityincentivetracker.com Comcast Business business.comcast.com, business.comcast.com/learn/mobile, business.comcast.com/support/home, activecore.comcast.com Developer - Comcast developer.comcast.com Prepaid my.xfinityprepaid.com, Xfinityprepaid.com Contact us Changes to this Notice Want to learn more? Review your privacy preferences More Less I Want To More Less Shop More Less About Comcast Web Terms of ServiceCA Notice at CollectionPrivacy PolicyYour Privacy ChoicesAd ChoicesCookie PreferencesWe use Cookies to optimize and analyze your experience on our Services, and serve ads relevant to your interests. By selecting Accept all, you consent to our use of Cookies. Learn more in our Cookie Policy Cookie preferences subNavShow Menu Additional information regarding other laws and individual rights Additional Notices: California Notice at Collection California law provides California residents with rights to receive certain disclosures regarding the collection, use, and sharing of “Personal Information,” rights to access, delete, and correct certain Personal Information we collect about them, restrict us from “selling” or “sharing” certain Personal Information, and limit our use of Sensitive Personal Information, as defined by the law and described in the categories below. These rights apply to all residents of CA, regardless of whether you are a customer, business contact, or member of the workforce. As a California resident, you have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your privacy rights. The California Consumer Privacy Act defines “Personal Information” to mean “information that identifies, relates to, describes, is capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household.” You or your authorized agent may submit a request to exercise these rights by visiting our www.xfinity.com/privacy/requests or calling us at 1-844-963-0138 . To opt out of targeted advertising and the sale or sharing of Personal Information, or to set preferences regarding our use of Sensitive Personal Information, please visit the Xfinity Privacy Preferences Center and make the appropriate selections in the Settings menu of your relevant devices including X1, Flex, and Xumo TV. Residents of the State of California also have the right to request information regarding third parties to whom the company has disclosed certain categories of personal information during the preceding year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes under California's "Shine the Light" law (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.83). Personal information under this California law means "any information that when it was disclosed identified, described, or was able to be associated with an individual." We do not disclose this type of personal information to third parties for their own purposes and we permit you to opt out of any disclosures of non-identifiable personal information. However, if you are a California resident and would like to inquire further, please email Comcast_Privacy@comcast.com. Learn more about your rights if you are a California resident and how to exercise them Collection, use, and retention of Personal Information The general section of this Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we collect, how we collect it, how we use it in categories that are easy to understand. The CCPA requires us to disclose the personal information we have collected about consumers in the following categories. Some of the categories include very different types of information within the same category and certain personal information may fall into multiple categories. How we use and how long we keep the information within each category will vary , and not all types of information within the same category will be used for all the purposes listed. California law also requires us to provide information regarding the criteria we use to determine the length of time for which we retain personal information. We utilize the following criteria to determine the length of time for which we retain personal information: The business purpose for which the information is used, and the length of time for which the information is required to achieve those purposes;Whether we are required to retain the information in order to comply with legal obligations or contractual commitments, or is otherwise necessary to investigate theft or other illegal activities, to ensure a secure online environment, or to protect health and safety; The privacy impact on the consumer of ongoing retention, including the consumer's likely expectations in light of the sensitivity of information and our Privacy Commitments; and The manner in which information is maintained and flows through our systems, and how best to manage the lifecycle in light of the volume and complexity of the systems in our infrastructure. Individual pieces of personal information such as those listed above may exist in different systems that are used for different business or legal purposes. A different maximum retention period may apply to each use case of the information.Certain individual pieces of information may also be stored in combination with other individual pieces of information, and the maximum retention period may be determined by the purpose for which that information set is used. Identifiers Name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers SOURCE Directly from you when you provide it to us, such as when you create an account From our systems when we generate the information and assign it to you, such as your account number or your IP address from third parties From third parties PURPOSE OF COLLECTION AND USE To offer or provide our ServicesTo make improvements to our existing Services and create new products, services, or featuresTo provide marketing and advertisingTo personalize our Services Additional categories of information listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)) A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, driver's license or state identification card number, education, employment, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories SOURCE Directly from you when you provide it to us, such as when you create an account or pay for your ServicesFrom third parties PURPOSE OF COLLECTION AND USE To offer or provide our ServicesTo make improvements to our existing Services and create new products, services, or featuresTo provide marketing and advertisingTo personalize our Services Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law Age (40 years or older), national origin, marital status, gender, veteran or military status SOURCE Directly from you when you provide it to us, such as when you sign up for an offer for veterans From third parties who make inferences regarding your household, such as marital status or the age ranges of people within your household PURPOSE OF COLLECTION AND USE To offer or provide our ServicesTo make improvements to our existing Services and create new products, services, or featuresTo provide marketing and advertisingTo personalize our Services Commercial information Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies SOURCE From you when you complete transactions with usFrom third parties PURPOSE OF COLLECTION AND USE To offer or provide our ServicesTo make improvements to our existing Services and create new products, services, or featuresTo provide marketing and advertisingTo personalize our Services Biometric information Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, scans of the hands or face geometry, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data SOURCE Directly from you when you provide it to us, such as when you seek to authenticate your identity.From our systems when you opt in to certain features of our Services, such as Xfinity Home security, that may collect information and generate inferences about physical patterns to deliver the Services and applicable features you have selected PURPOSE OF COLLECTION AND USE To offer or provide our ServicesTo verify your identityTo make improvements to our existing Services and create new products, services, or featuresTo protect the health and safety of our customers, employees, contractors, or the general public Internet or other electronic network activity information Browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with one of our internet websites, applications, or an advertisement. SOURCE From our systems when you use or interact with our ServicesFrom third parties. For more information on these third parties, see our Cookie Notice PURPOSE OF COLLECTION AND USE To offer or provide our ServicesTo make improvements to our existing Services and create new products, services, or featuresTo personalize our Services and to provide marketing and advertising, when you use our websites like Xfinity.com or ComcastBusiness.com or apps (see our Cookie Notice ).We do not use information collected from our broadband network through the provision of Xfinity Internet or Xfinity Mobile for these purposes.Geolocation data Precise physical location or movements SOURCE From our systems when you use or interact with Services that collect this information, such as Xfinity Mobile or the Xfinity Mobile apps and websites PURPOSE OF COLLECTION AND USE To offer or provide our ServicesTo make improvements to our existing Services To personalize our Services and to provide marketing and advertising; we do not use information collected from our provision of Xfinity Internet or Xfinity Mobile for these purposes Sensory data Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information SOURCE From our systems when you use certain features of products and services that may collect information and generate inferences about physical patterns, such as Xfinity Home security features or when you use the Voice Remote to deliver Services and applicable features that you have selected PURPOSE OF COLLECTION AND USE To provide our ServicesTo make improvements to our existing Services and create new products, services, or features Inferences drawn from other personal information Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes SOURCE From our systems through a series of computer processes PURPOSE OF COLLECTION AND USE To offer or provide our ServicesTo make improvements to our existing Services and create new products, services, or featuresTo provide marketing and advertisingTo personalize our Services Sensitive Personal Information Social security, driver’s license, state identification card, or passport number; account log-in, financial account, debit card, or credit card number in combination with any required security or access code, password, or credentials allowing access to an account; precise geolocation; racial or ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, or union membership; the contents mail, email and text messages; genetic data and biometric information; information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s health; or information collected and analyzed concerning a consumer’s sex life or sexual orientation. Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories. We do not collect all of these examples of Sensitive Personal Information, nor do we use all types of Sensitive Personal Information for the purposes described below. SOURCE Directly from you when you provide it to us, such as when you create an account or pay for your Services From our systems when you use or interact with Services that collect this information or when you opt into certain features of our Services From third parties who make inferences regarding your household PURPOSE OF COLLECTION AND USE To offer or provide our Services To make improvements to our existing Services and create new products, services, or features To provide marketing and advertising To personalize our Services To verify identity and to protect the health and safety of our customers, employees, contractors, or the general public Disclosures to third parties for a business purpose For all enumerated categories listed above, we limit disclosures of Personal Information for business purposes to service providers, as described in When and with Whom We Share Information. Sharing and sale of personal information and right to opt out The CCPA requires companies to include certain disclosures relating to your right to opt out of “sale” or “sharing.” We do not sell information that identifies who you are to anyone and we do not knowingly sell the personal information of consumers under 16 years of age. To opt out of the sale or sharing of non-identifying information, please visit the Xfinity Privacy Preferences Center and make the appropriate selections in the Settings menu of your relevant devices including X1, Flex, and Xumo TV. Please note that your right to opt out does not apply to our sharing of data with service providers, with whom we work and who are required to use the data only on our behalf. Below are the types of information “sold” and the categories of third parties that receive the information. This information does not, in and of itself, identify who you are. Identifiers to Affiliates, advertising networks, data analytics providers, social networks, and audience measurement companies. Internet or other electronic network activity information to affiliates, advertising networks, data analytics providers, social networks, and audience measurement companies. Inferences drawn from other personal information to advertising networks Right to know, right to request correction, and right to request deletion of information California residents have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use, and sell, as well as the right to request that we delete certain personal information that we have collected from you.If we hold personal information that is not accurate, California residents have the right to request that we correct this information. You or your authorized agent may submit a request to exercise your rights by visiting www.xfinity.com/privacy/requests or calling us at 1-844-963-0138 . For your security and to ensure unauthorized third parties do not access your personal information, we will require you to verify your identity before we can act on your request. If you are a current customer or still have access to your Xfinity account, you will be required to authenticate through your Xfinity account. If you do not have an account with us, you will be required to provide an email address and mobile phone number to start the verification process. You may also be required to provide a qualified government-issued photo identification. If you are asking for access on behalf of someone else, we will require verification of your identity, as well as proof of authorization by the individual whose personal information you wish to access. There may be information we will not return in response to your access request, such as information that would affect the privacy of others or interfere with legal requirements. Similarly, there may be reasons why we cannot comply with your deletion request, such as the need to keep your personal information to provide you service or to fulfill a legal obligation. In certain circumstances, we may not collect sufficient identifiers to match information in our records with your request. California residents have the right to request that we restrict our use of Sensitive Personal Information. You can limit our use and disclosure of your Sensitive Personal Information for personalized recommendations, marketing, and advertising purposes through the Xfinity Privacy Preferences Center . Right to information regarding participation in data sharing for financial incentives We may run promotions from time to time and ask you to share personal information with us in exchange for discounts. We will always give you clear notices about these types of programs when you sign up, and participation is always voluntary. If you change your mind, you will always be able to opt out, and if you don’t participate, you will still be able to use our Services. To review the number of requests we have received over time, how we have complied with those requests, and the median or mean number of days in which we respond to such requests, please visit www.xfinity.com/privacy/reports . Additional information regarding Colorado residents’ privacy rights Colorado law provides Colorado residents with rights to access, delete, and correct certain “Personal Data” we collect about them, as well as to restrict the use of that Personal Data for targeted advertising, restrict the “sale” of that Personal Data, and control our use of Personal Data considered sensitive. If you are a Colorado resident, you also have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your privacy rights. While Colorado residents have the right to opt out of automated profiling that would produce legal or other similarly significant effects, we do not use Personal Data to make automated decisions in any situation where you would have a legal right to opt out. The Colorado Privacy Act defines “Personal Data” to mean “any information that is linked or reasonably linkable to an identified or identifiable individual.” When we use the term “personal information” in our Privacy Policy, it includes Personal Data covered by this definition. You or your authorized agent may submit a request to exercise your access, deletion, and correction rights by visiting www.xfinity.com/privacy/requests or calling us at 1-844-963-0138 . For your security and to ensure unauthorized third parties do not access your personal information, we will require you to verify your identity before we can act on your request. If you are a current customer or still have access to your Xfinity account, you will be required to authenticate through your Xfinity account. If you do not have an account with us, you will be required to provide an email address and mobile phone number to start the verification process. You may also be required to provide a qualified government-issued photo identification. If you are asking for access on behalf of someone else, we will require verification of your identity, as well as proof of authorization by the individual whose personal information you wish to access. To opt out of targeted advertising and the sale or sharing of Personal Data, or to set preferences regarding our use of sensitive Personal Data, please visit the Xfinity Privacy Preferences Center and make the appropriate selections in the Settings menu of your relevant devices including X1, Flex, and Xumo TV. If we deny your request, you have the right to appeal our decision. You can request further review through the request dashboard .Additional information regarding Connecticut residents’ privacy rights Connecticut law provides Connecticut residents with rights to access, delete, and correct certain “Personal Data” we collect about them, as well as to restrict the use of that Personal Data for targeted advertising, restrict the “sale” of that Personal Data, and control our use of Personal Data considered sensitive. If you are a Connecticut resident, you also have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your privacy rights. While Connecticut residents have the right to opt out of automated profiling that would produce legal or other similarly significant effects, we do not use Personal Data to make automated decisions in any situation where you would have a legal right to opt out. The Connecticut Data Privacy Act defines “Personal Data” to mean “any information that is linked or reasonably linkable to an identified or identifiable individual.” When we use the term “personal information” in our Privacy Policy, it includes Personal Data covered by this definition. You or your authorized agent may submit a request to exercise your access, deletion, and correction rights by visiting www.xfinity.com/privacy/requests or calling us at 1-844-963-0138 . To opt out of targeted advertising and the sale or sharing of Personal Data, or to set preferences regarding our use of sensitive Personal Data, please visit the Xfinity Privacy Preferences Center and make the appropriate selections in the Settings menu of your relevant devices including X1, Flex, and Xumo TV. If we deny your request, you have the right to appeal our decision. You can request further review through the request dashboard . Additional information regarding Maine residents’ privacy rights Maine’s Broadband Internet Access Service Customer Privacy Act generally prohibits providers of broadband Internet access service (“Providers”) from using, disclosing, selling or permitting access to “ customer personal information ” without a customer’s express, affirmative consent, which may be revoked at any time. However, no consent is required for the collection, retention, use, disclosure, or sale or access to customer personal information when such activities are required to: Provide the service from which such information is derived or for the services necessary to the provision of such service;Advertise or market the Provider's communications-related services to the customer;Comply with a lawful court order;Initiate, render, bill for and collect payment for broadband Internet access service;Protect users of the provider's or other providers' services from fraudulent, abusive or unlawful use of or subscription to such services; or Provide geolocation information concerning the customer: For the purpose of responding to a customer's call for emergency services, to a public safety answering point; a provider of emergency medical or emergency dispatch services; a public safety, fire service or law enforcement official; or a hospital emergency or trauma care facility; orTo a provider of information or database management services solely for the purpose of assisting in the delivery of emergency services in response to an emergency. A Provider may not refuse to serve a customer who does not provide consent when required or charge a customer a penalty or offer a customer a discount based on the customer's decision to provide or not provide consent. A Provider shall take reasonable measures to protect customer personal information from unauthorized use, disclosure or access, taking into account the nature and scope of the Provider's activities, the sensitivity of the data the provider collects, the size of the Provider, and the technical feasibility of the security measures. In addition, a Provider may use, disclose, sell, or permit access to non-CPI, unless the customer opts out. If you are an Xfinity customer, you can manage your account information and review your privacy settings at www.xfinity.com/privacy/your-privacy-choices . To review the full Xfinity privacy policy, visit www.xfinity.com/privacy . To learn more about our privacy commitments, including our commitment to protect your privacy when you use our broadband Internet service, please visit www.xfinity.com/privacy . Additional information regarding Virginia residents’ privacy rights Virginia law provides Virginia residents with rights to access, delete, and correct certain “Personal Data” we collect about them, as well as to restrict the use of that Personal Data for targeted advertising, restrict the “sale” of that Personal Data, and control our use of Personal Data considered sensitive.If you are a Virginia resident, you also have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of your privacy rights. The Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act defines “Personal Data” to mean “any information that is linked or reasonably linkable to an identified or identifiable natural person.” When we use the term “personal information” in our Privacy Policy, it includes Personal Data covered by this definition. You or your authorized agent may submit a request to exercise your access, deletion, and correction rights by visiting www.xfinity.com/privacy/requests or calling us at 1-844-963-0138 . To opt out of targeted advertising and the sale or sharing of Personal Data, or to set preferences regarding our use of sensitive Personal Data, please visit the Xfinity Privacy Preferences Center and make the appropriate selections in the Settings menu of your relevant devices including X1, Flex, and Xumo TV. If we deny your request, you have the right to appeal our decision. You can request further review through the request dashboard . Additional information regarding EEA, Switzerland, and United Kingdom residents’ privacy rights The EU General Data Protection Regulation and the UK General Data Protection Regulation provide residents of the EEA, United Kingdom, and Switzerland the rights to receive notice regarding the purposes for which your data are processed and the legal basis for our processing, the categories of recipients of your personal information, whether the personal information will be transferred outside these jurisdictions, and the criteria we use to determine how long to retain your data. You also have the right to receive notice about your rights. These rights apply to all residents of these locations, regardless of whether you are a customer, business contact, or member of the workforce. The GDPR defines “Personal Data” to mean “any information that is linked or reasonably linkable to an identified or identifiable natural person.” When we use the term “personal information” in our Privacy Policy, it includes Personal Data covered by this definition. Learn more about your rights if you are an EEA, Switzerland, or United Kingdom resident and how to exercise them Right to be informed The general section of this Privacy Policy describes the types of personal information we collect, how we collect it, and how we use it in categories that are easy to understand. For information on our retention practices, please see How long we keep your information above. LEGAL BASIS FOR PROCESSING We rely on a variety of legal bases to process your personal information. We mainly process your personal information because it is necessary to perform our agreement to provide the Services to you or because the processing is necessary for our legitimate interests where those interests do not override your fundamental rights and freedoms related to data privacy. Where we rely on legitimate interest as this lawful basis, our legitimate interest is necessary for promoting our business, improving the services we offer to you and your experience when you interact with us, and ensuring effective operational management and internal administration of our business and the exercise of our rights. In limited circumstances, we may rely on other legal bases for processing your personal information, including when necessary to comply with a legal obligation or where you provide your consent for processing. CROSS-BORDER TRANSFER OF INFORMATION Certain personal information may be transferred to and processed in the US and other countries where we have facilities or in which we engage service providers. The laws in the U.S. regarding personal information may be different from the laws of your state or country. We implement appropriate safeguards to protect your personal information as required by relevant law, including supplemental measures, if we transfer your personal information outside of the EEA, UK, or Switzerland Right of access, right to data portability, right to request correction, and right to request deletion of information You have the right to request that we: Give you access to, and a copy of your personal information we hold in our systems; Correct or update inaccurate or incomplete personal information we have about you; Delete all or some of the personal information we have about you (e.g., if it is no longer needed to provide Services to you). To submit a request to exercise your rights, please complete the form available at www.xfinity.com/privacy/requests. We may have a reason under the law why we do not have to comply with your request, or may comply with it in a more limited way than you anticipated. If we do, we will explain that to you in our response. Please note that, in order to verify your identity, we may require you to provide us with information prior to accessing any records containing information about you.In certain circumstances, we may not collect sufficient identifiers to match information in our records with your request. Right to object, withdraw consent, and restrict processing You have the right to request that we: Stop using, and ensure that all third parties stop using, some or all of your personal information (e.g., if we no longer have a legal basis to process it); Stop contacting you with promotional messages. You can exercise these rights by visiting the Xfinity Privacy Preferences Center and making the appropriate selections in the Settings menu of your relevant Comcast/Xfinity issued devices. Right to opt out of automated processing You have the right to opt-out of automated processing where such processing would produce legal or other similarly significant effects. However, we do not use personal information of residents of the EEA, Switzerland, and United Kingdom to make automated decisions about you that would have these effects. Right to lodge a complaint You have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority about our use of your personal information. Want to learn more? Review your privacy preferences More Less I Want To More Less Shop More Less About Comcast Web Terms of ServiceCA Notice at CollectionPrivacy PolicyYour Privacy ChoicesAd ChoicesCookie PreferencesOur Privacy Policy Additional Notices: Table of contents Introduction We know you care about your privacy and the protection of your personal information. We also know it is our responsibility to be clear about how we protect your information. We designed this Privacy Policy to do just that. It explains the types of personal information we collect, and how we collect, use, maintain, protect, and share this information. This Privacy Policy also tells you about the rights and choices you may have when it comes to your personal information. Some of what we say in our Privacy Policy is required by law, and may at times seem long and complicated, but we’ve worked hard to try to make our Privacy Policy easy to understand and provide examples where possible. The Xfinity Privacy Center includes more information about: How to review and manage your personal information and account activityHow to manage your preference, including setting your marketing and advertising preferences, and restricting certain uses and sharingHow you can better protect yourself online You can review this Privacy Policy and the information in the Xfinity Privacy Center anytime. If you still have questions, you can contact us for more information. When the Privacy Policy applies This Privacy Policy applies to the information we collect when you use or interact with the business entities, products, services, networks, and platforms , including our websites, mobile apps, and other services and devices where this policy is referenced. These may include Xfinity-branded services, Comcast-branded Services, and other products and services we deliver. This Privacy Policy also applies when you otherwise interact with us. We’ll refer to all of these as our “Services” in this Privacy Policy. It also applies to the information we collect about you from third parties. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the other products, services, websites, and applications (mobile or television) that you may use or interact with through Xfinity platforms. Learn more about when the Privacy Policy applies Because this Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices for all of our Services, some parts may not apply to you. For example, if you do not subscribe to Xfinity Voice (home phone service) or Xfinity Mobile, we will not collect call detail information. If you do not subscribe to Xfinity Home, we will not collect home security event information. Some Services may have additional privacy practices that may be described to you in different ways, such as in a separate contract for Comcast Business Services. To the extent there is an overlap between this Privacy Policy and a Service-specific privacy policy, the Service-specific policy or agreement will control with respect to that Service. This Policy does not apply to the non-Xfinity products, services, websites, and applications that you may use through the Xfinity platforms and we are not responsible for the practices of the companies providing those offerings. For example, if you subscribe to Xfinity Internet and visit a news or shopping website, the privacy policy for that website will apply. If you use one of our platforms to use another company’s streaming service, the privacy policy for that streaming service will apply to information it collects about your activity within the app. Likewise, if you connect your smart thermostat to your Xfinity Home security and automation service, the privacy policy of the smart thermostat company will apply to the information it collects. For more information about how these non-Xfinity products, services, websites, and applications use your information, please review their privacy policies. The personal information we collect and how we collect it To provide you with our Services, we collect your personal information. This can include information that does not personally identify you - such as device numbers, IP addresses, and account numbers. It may also include information that does personally identify you, such as your name, address, and telephone number. We call any information that identifies you "personally identifiable information" or "PII." If you allow others to use your Services, we will also collect personal information about those individuals. If you use our Services through someone else’s account, we will collect information about you, but it may not identify who you are to us. We may also collect information about you from third parties .We collect this information to provide our Services, communicate with you, respond to your requests , and to tailor our Services to best meet your needs and interests. Learn more about the information we collect and see examples What we collect CONTACT INFORMATION Information such as your full name and telephone number that we use to stay in contact with you ACCOUNT INFORMATION Information we use to identify who you are and/or to provide or maintain your account and Services, which may include biometric information, such as audio recordings and facial scans when used as a means of identification ANALYTICS AND INFERENCES Information related to your household, account, or your use of our Services, and our predictions about what you might like or not like BILLING INFORMATION Information including your financial transactions that are available on your billing statements and other payment receipts DEMOGRAPHIC AND INTEREST INFORMATION Information we obtain from other companies to better tailor our programming, marketing, and advertising services to you. SERVICE ACTIVITY INFORMATION Information associated with your use of our Services In some cases, California requires that we use different names to describe the categories of information that we collect. For more information about these categories, please see the ” Additional information regarding other laws and individual rights ” section of this Privacy Policy. How we collect personal information We collect personal information about you in several ways 1. DIRECTLY FROM YOU WHEN YOU CREATE AN ACCOUNT, INTERACT WITH OUR CUSTOMER SERVICE, OR INTERACT WITH US ON BEHALF OF YOUR BUSINESS, SUCH AS: Contact information, which may include your name, mailing address, email address, or telephone numberLogin credentials for our Services, such as your username and passwordInformation regarding your preferences for your experience on the Services, such as your settings and other information you provide us to enable personalization of contentCustomer communications records, including records of calls and chats with our customer service representativesInformation that you provide when interacting with us on our social media pages, message boards, and other forums, including your username, profile pictures, and comments, as well as information you publicly share about us Photographs or images of your propertyPayment information, such as your credit/debit card or other financial account informationYour Social Security numberYour driver’s license, state identification cards, or other forms of identificationLegal documents, such as documentation of the authority to act on behalf of another person 2. WHEN YOU USE OR INTERACT WITH OUR SERVICES, SUCH AS: Household and device video selection and viewing activity Voice commands and audio recordings made through voice activated devices that are part of the Services, such as the Voice Remote or our app-based remoteGeolocation information on where you are at a specific point in time based on your service address to help us authenticate you for certain services on our platform IP addresses, device identifiers, and network equipment addresses when devices connect to our Services, and other device information, including information about Devices provided by other companies from which you use our ServicesUser activity information on our websites and applications using cookies and other technologies and information provided by other companies when you integrate their services with our Services Domain Name Server or “ DNS ” searches and network traffic activity when you use our Services, such as Xfinity Internet, Xfinity Mobile or Xfinity WiFiGeolocation information that indicates where your device is at a specific point in time when you use Xfinity Mobile or enable that function in our mobile apps General location information, such as the city or ZIP Code that correlates with the location of a WiFi service access point or with the lease of your device IP address when you use Xfinity Internet or Xfinity WiFi The quantity, technical configuration, type, features, call history, and amount of your use of voice services (known as Customer Proprietary Network Information or “CPNI”)Video and audio recordings (if you have turned these features on) when you use Xfinity Home security and automation 3.FROM THIRD PARTIES, SUCH AS: Credit reporting agencies and other entities that provide credit scoring, identity verification, fraud prevention, and similar servicesLandlords and property owners that provide contact and other information Government entities that offer public recordsConsumer data providers that offer demographic , interest , purchase , and other data that we use to tailor our marketing and communications to your interest Providers of third-party apps that you use on devices governed by this privacy policySocial networks and other publicly available data, like Facebook Online advertising companies who may share information about the marketing and advertisements you have seen or clicked on We do not knowingly allow others to collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites when you use our online Services. For more information about cookies and other online tracking technologies, please visit our Cookie Notice to manage your preferences, please visit the Xfinity Privacy Preferences Center . You can also use a browser that offers you the ability to use the Global Privacy Control to communicate your privacy preferences to us when you visit our websites; please note that this will not affect how we process your information when you interact with our products and services. In some of our Services, such as Xumo TV, we may also use technologies to attempt to recognize when different devices are used by the same individual. Because definitions and rules for a “Do Not Track” standard have not yet been established, including whether such signals must be user-enabled, Comcast does not yet respond to “Do Not Track” signals sent from browsers. How and when we use information, including for marketing and advertising We use the information we collect to provide our Services and communicate with you. We also use it to improve our Services, develop new products and services, give recommendations, deliver personalized consumer experiences (including marketing and advertising for our own and others' products and services), investigate theft and other illegal activities, and to ensure a secure online environment. We may combine information across our systems, platforms, and databases. This includes combining information we receive from third parties and information about your use of our Services. We may also combine information about your use of one Service with information we get from your use of another Service. Learn more about our uses of your information and see examples TO PROVIDE THE SERVICES Setting up your account and account managementMeasure credit and payment riskService deliveryBill and invoiceAuthenticate access to your account, including identity verificationManagement of the network and devices supporting our service and our systems, and other maintenance and operationsProvide technical supportHelp with hardware and software upgrades for devices and systems TO COMMUNICATE WITH YOU Respond to your questionsPersonalize communications and your experienceSend you service-related announcements and surveys TO UNDERSTAND YOUR USE OF AND MAKE IMPROVEMENTS TO OUR SERVICES Understand the use of our existing ServicesIdentify and develop new products and servicesMarket the ServicesRecommend movies or television shows to youLet you know which products and services we think may be of interest to youHelp third-party advertisers and programmers deliver more relevant advertising on our Services and other services and platformsDetect the unauthorized use, or abuse of the ServicesProtect our customers from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of the Services Protect our rights, our personnel, and our propertyComply with applicable lawTo protect the health and safety of our customers, employees, contractors, or the general public When and with whom we share information You are in control of your data. We do not sell, and have never sold, information that identifies who you are to anyone. This includes your Internet usage information, video usage information, or call detail information. If you participate in offers that require us to disclose your identifiable data, we will, but only at your direction and with your consent. We share personal information with others when it's needed to provide you with our Services, including credit reporting agencies. We also share personal information with others: When you direct us to do so, including to authorize other users on your accountWhen required by law or to respond to legal processTo protect our property or rights or the safety of our employees, our customers, or other individuals If we share your personal information with other companies for their own marketing and advertising activities, we will first get your consent. This may be through opt-in or opt-out settings , depending on the type of personal information shared.We may also share personal information that does not identify you with third parties for their own marketing and advertising purposes, which you can opt out of. This mainly occurs when you interact with our websites and mobile applications that contain third-party cookies or other advertising trackers. To learn more about this, please read our Cookie Notice Learn more about when and with whom we share information The Comcast family of businesses If Comcast shares the personal information it collects about you with separate Comcast companies, such as NBCUniversal-branded companies, to use for their own purposes, we will first give you the choice to opt out of or opt in to any sharing in the Xfinity Privacy Preferences Center . Account owners and other authorized users We may share information about a customer's account and use of a Service to the primary account owner following appropriate authentication. The primary account owner may also allow others to see information on the account. Service providers To provide and support the Services, sometimes we use other companies as service providers to transmit, collect, process, or store information for us. We require these service providers to treat the information we share with them as confidential and to use it only for providing their services to us. These include: BILLING AND COLLECTION PROVIDERS Such as payment processors and organizations that assist us in assessing your credit and payment status ACCOUNTING, AUDITING, AND TAX PROVIDERS INSURANCE PROVIDERS PROFESSIONAL SERVICES PROVIDERS Such as firms that provide consultative services, assist with improving our programming, provide legal services, or supply project-based resources and assistance ANALYTICS SERVICES Including entities that analyze traffic to and on our websites, analyze how our Services are used, and assist with identifying and communicating with potential customers MARKETING, ADVERTISING, AND SALES Entities that assist us in creating and executing marketing, advertising, and sales programs, including order application processing, and printing, mailing, and electronic communications services SECURITY PROVIDERS Such as entities that assist with security incident verification and response, service notifications, fraud prevention, identity verification and management, and authentication INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PROVIDERS Such as entities that assist with website design, hosting, and maintenance, data and software storage, and network operations CUSTOMER SERVICE SUPPORT Including services related to our call centers, installation, maintenance, and repair services Third parties We do not sell, and have never sold, information that personally identifies who you are to anyone. Although permitted by federal law, we do not disclose your name and address to non-governmental entities, such as charities or businesses, for their own marketing purposes. Sometimes, you may ask us to share information that personally identifies you with another company . In that instance, we will make sure you give us clear direction about what you want us to share and with whom, before we share that information. Other sharing with third parties can include: SOCIAL MEDIA COMPANIES You may interact with parts of our Services that cause information to be published to your social networks. For example, you may click on a Facebook "like" button, which publishes to your Facebook account that you "like" one of our Services. On those parts of our websites with social network functionality, a social network may be able to collect information about you. For example, if a page contains a Facebook "like" button, Facebook may be able to collect data about your visit to that page, even if you don't click on the "like" button. To control this sharing of information, please review the privacy policy of the relevant social network and/or sign out of it before you use our Services. ONLINE ADVERTISING PARTNERS We may use cookies or other technology to deliver personalized advertising to you when you visit other websites, including advertising based on the products and services you viewed on our Services. We also allow our partners, including advertisers and service providers, to use cookies and similar tracking technologies when you use our Services. For more information about the use of cookies and other technologies on our online Services, please see the Cookies Notice . AUDIENCE MEASUREMENT AND ANALYTICS COMPANIES We work with business partners to help us measure and analyze how our customers are using our Services. For video, this includes assessing which programs are most popular, how many people watch a program to its conclusion, whether people are watching advertisements, and what programming and video content we will carry on the Services.It also includes determining how our customers prefer to view certain kinds of programming when they use our Services, such as whether they like to watch certain programs live, or if they prefer to view them on demand, on mobile devices, or online. Our business partners may compile this information into reports with aggregated and anonymous statistics that are then made commercially available (for example, a ratings report that indicates what percentage of viewers watched a particular program live vs. on-demand). Xfinity Stream includes Nielsen's proprietary measurement software, which will allow users to contribute to market research, like Nielsen's television ratings. By visiting www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy, users can access more information about the measurement software and learn about their choices with regard to Nielsen's measurement. NON-XFINITY APPS AND PARTNERS Certain Services enable you to interact directly with technology provided by other companies, such as using a non-Xfinity video app available through our Services, or accessing our Services through another company’s platform or device . When you use our Services in connection with any technology provided by another company, you are directing us to interact with that company and that company may collect information from you and our Services. This Privacy Policy does not cover the privacy practices of other companies. For more information about how those companies use your information, please review their privacy policies. For more information about non-Xfinity apps supported on our video Services, please visit https://my.xfinity.com/privacy/providers . Certain apps may also run using technology provided by Metrological, a separate Comcast company not subject to this Privacy Policy, whose privacy practices are described at www.metrological.com/privacypolicy . CONSUMER REPORTING AGENCIES We disclose information that personally identifies you to consumer reporting agencies that may be subject to other laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act. These disclosures may include information that helps validate your identity, such as your name, current and former addresses, contact information, Social Security number, government-issued identifiers, your payment history and account status, and other identifying information. PUBLIC SAFETY AUTHORITIES If you have our Xfinity Voice service, Comcast will disclose your name and contact information to public safety authorities such as 911/E911 and related emergency services. DIRECTORY SERVICES, ASSISTANCE, AND CALLER ID Your name, address, and telephone number may be sent to publishers to be printed in directories and posted in online directories. Once that information is printed or posted online, it is outside of our control and may be sorted or repackaged and made available again in different formats by anyone, including data aggregators, for a variety of purposes, including marketing. For a fee, you can choose to have a nonpublished number, which means that Comcast will not provide your name, address, and telephone number for publishing in the phone book and online directories. You can also choose to have a published number, but choose the "omit address feature," which means we will not provide your street address for publishing in the phone book and online directories. If initiating service online, select "non-published" option, otherwise call 1-800-XFINITY to sign up. We may also make your number, name, and address available to directory assistance (411) providers. If you have a nonpublished number, Comcast will not make your number available through directory assistance. Comcast may still share your name and address with the 411 provider when specified by law (but the provider is not authorized to share your (non-published number). Please note: While the non-published feature will keep your name, address, and telephone number out of printed and online directories over which Comcast exercises control, even a non-published phone number may exist in databases not controlled by Comcast - if, for example, your present telephone number or address was previously published under your name, or if you provided this information to businesses or government agencies. One way to help protect your privacy may be to request assignment of a new telephone number (with which your name has not previously been associated). You may also want to activate Caller ID Blocking or select the do-not-call option. Caller ID provides your name and telephone number to the person you are calling - even if you have a non-published number. Per Line Caller ID Blocking will automatically block Caller ID for all calls you make from your registered telephone number and can be activated by calling 1-800-XFINITY . Per Call Caller ID Blocking will block name and number on a per-call basis and can be activated by dialing *86 before each call you want to block.POTENTIAL PURCHASERS OF OUR BUSINESS If we enter into a potential or actual merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, then information about you and your subscription will, in most cases, be shared or transferred as part of the transaction. This includes information that personally identifies you. If this Policy will be changed as a result of such a transaction, you should refer below under " Changes to the Privacy Policy. " GOVERNMENT AND OTHER ENTITIES WHEN REQUIRED BY LAW OR TO PROTECT COMCAST AND OTHERS There are times when we may be required by law to disclose information about you to third parties. This may happen with or without your consent, and with or without notice, in compliance with the terms of valid legal process such as a subpoena, court order, or search warrant. If you subscribe to our Xfinity Video service, Comcast may be required to disclose information that personally identifies you to a governmental entity in response to a court order. In this case, the Cable Act requires that you be given the opportunity to appear in a court proceeding to contest any claims made in support of the court order, and the governmental entity must offer clear and convincing evidence that you are reasonably suspected of engaging in criminal activity and that the information sought would be material evidence in the case. For more information, see "Your Rights and Our Limitations Under Federal Laws." If you subscribe to the Xfinity Internet, Voice, Mobile, or Home security and automation Services, Comcast may be required to disclose information that personally identifies you to a governmental entity in response to a subpoena, court order, or search warrant, depending on the type of information sought. We may be prohibited from notifying you of any such disclosures by the terms of the legal process. A non-governmental entity, such as a civil litigant, can seek information that personally identifies you or your use of the Xfinity Video, Internet, or Voice Services only pursuant to a court order, and we are required by the Cable Act to notify you of such court order. If Comcast is required to give information that personally identifies you to a private third party in response to a civil court order for these or other Services, we will notify you prior to making such disclosure unless legally prohibited from doing so. We may also disclose information that personally identifies you as permitted by law and without your consent when it is necessary to protect our customers, employees, or property; in emergency situations; or to enforce our rights under our terms of service and policies. How we protect your information We follow industry-standard practices to secure the information we collect to prevent the unauthorized access, use, or disclosure of any personal information we collect and maintain. These security practices include technical, administrative, and physical safeguards, which may vary, depending on the type and sensitivity of the information. Although we take the responsibility of safeguarding your personal information seriously, no security measures are 100% effective and we cannot guarantee that these practices will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access, use, or disclose your information. Comcast also takes additional steps to increase the security and reliability of customer communications. We do not read your outgoing or incoming email, file attachments, video mail, private chat, or instant messages. However, we (along with our service providers) use software and hardware tools to help prevent and block "spam" emails, viruses, spyware, and other harmful or unwanted communications and programs from being sent and received over Comcast.net email and the Comcast Services. To help protect you and the Services against these harmful or unwanted communications and programs, these tools may automatically scan your emails, video mails, instant messages, file attachments, and other files and communications. We do not use these tools for marketing or advertising. How long we keep your information We keep your personal information for different lengths of time depending on the type of information and the business and legal requirements. For example, if you are a customer, we keep information that personally identifies you as long as you subscribe to one or more of our Services. If you no longer subscribe to a Service, we still may need that information for business and legal requirements, such as to protect against fraud, calculate taxes, or respond to legal requests. Other information is deleted automatically after a set period of time, often set by law, unless we are legally required to hold it longer, such as for pending litigation. We destroy, de-identify, or anonymize the information when it is no longer needed in identifiable form.The choices you have to control our use of personal information You have many choices about how we communicate with you and how we use or share your information. You can manage these settings in the Xfinity Privacy Preferences Center. If you change your mind, you can update your preferences any time. Learn more about your privacy choices For your convenience, we have created the Xfinity Privacy Preferences Center where you can manage: how we process personal information linked to your account for certain uses associated with audience measurement, analytics, and personalized advertising for third-party products and services based on your interestswhether we use your sensitive personal information for personalized recommendations, advertising, and marketingyour preferences regarding which cookies are stored by our website in your browser when you visit your preferences regarding communications, offers, and notifications from us You can find out more about the choices you have and set your preferences. If you change your mind, you can return any time to update it. Some of the choices are limited to our use of certain customer information and may require you to sign in to your account. If you subscribe to Xfinity voice service, when you are interacting with one of our customer service representatives, such as on a call, in our offices, or during an online chat session, we may ask you for your oral consent to the use of your customer proprietary network information or “CPNI” for the purpose of reviewing your account and providing you with an offer for other products and services. If you provide consent, Comcast may use your CPNI only for the duration of that telephone call or discussion in order to offer you additional services. If you deny or restrict your approval for us to use your CPNI, you will suffer no effect, now or in the future, on how we provide any services to which you subscribe. Additional privacy preferences may be available to you on the devices you use to access the Services. How to access and correct the information in our records Part of our commitment to transparency includes giving our customers access to the personal information we have about them. If you subscribe to our Services, you have the ability to see and correct your personally identifiable information through your online account services. Certain states may give you additional rights, as described in the “ Additional information regarding other laws and individual rights ” section of this Privacy Policy. All individuals may also make requests to access and correct certain personal information, and to have us delete certain personal information through our Privacy Center by visiting www.xfinity.com/privacy/requests . Learn more about how to access personally identifiable customer information If you subscribe to an Xfinity Service, you may correct or update information in your account or by contacting us as described below. If you are an Xfinity Home customer, you can also correct or update your contact and emergency information in the Xfinity Home app. We will correct our records once we have verified that the changes you request are proper. If you subscribe to Xfinity TV, Internet, or Voice services and would like to see your own personally identifiable information, other than your customer proprietary network information (CPNI), you may do so at your local Comcast office. To do so, please contact us by mail at the address below or by phone at 1-800-XFINITY , giving us a reasonable period of time to locate and, if necessary, prepare the information for review, and to arrange an appointment during regular business hours. You will need to have proper identification and will only be able to see the personally identifiable information in your account and no other account. If you make a written request for a copy of your Xfinity Voice or Mobile CPNI, we will provide you with the relevant information we have by mailing it to your account address, or to any person authorized by you, if we reasonably believe the request is valid. However, subscribers to our Xfinity Voice and Mobile Services should be aware that we generally do not provide them with records of any inbound or outbound calls or other records that we do not furnish in the ordinary course of business (for example, as part of a bill) or which are available only from our archives, without valid legal process such as a court order. In addition, we cannot correct any errors in customer names, addresses, or telephone numbers appearing in, or omitted from, our or our vendors' directory lists until the next available publication of those directory lists. Further, we may have no control over information appearing in the directory lists or directory assistance services of directory publishers or directory assistance providers that are not owned by us.Comcast reserves the right to charge you for the reasonable cost of retrieving and photocopying any information or documents that you request, where permitted by law. Your rights and our limitations under federal laws The federal Cable Act imposes limitations on our collection and sharing of information that personally identifies you when you subscribe to Services that use the facilities of the Comcast cable system. The Communications Act imposes restrictions on our use and sharing of CPNI when you use Services that are deemed telecommunications services. Learn more about your rights and our limitations under federal laws The Cable Act and Personally Identifiable Information This Privacy Policy is designed to comply with Section 631 of the Cable Communications Policy Act of 1984, as amended, (the "Cable Act"). The Cable Act permits Comcast to use the cable system to collect personally identifiable information about you. Personally identifiable information is information that identifies you specifically; it does not include de-identified, anonymous, aggregate, or other data that does not identify you. We may collect personally identifiable information when it is necessary to render cable services or other services to you and to detect unauthorized reception or use of the services. We may use the cable system to collect personally identifiable information about you for additional purposes with your prior written or electronic consent. The Cable Act also permits Comcast to disclose personally identifiable information if the disclosure is necessary to render, or conduct a legitimate business activity related to, the cable service or other services provided to you; required by law or legal process; or limited to your name and address, subject to your opt-out consent. The frequency of any disclosure of personally identifiable information varies in accordance with our business needs and activities as described in this Policy. If you believe that you have been aggrieved by any act of ours in violation of the Cable Act or other applicable laws, we encourage you to contact us directly at Comcast_Privacy@comcast.com in order to resolve your question or concern. You may also enforce the limitations imposed on us by the Cable Act as applicable with respect to your personally identifiable information through a civil lawsuit seeking damages, attorneys' fees, and litigation costs. Other rights and remedies may be available to you under federal or other applicable laws as well. This Privacy Policy neither supersedes, enhances, nor modifies any arbitration agreement to which you may be bound as a subscriber to one or more of the Services. The Communications Act and CPNI Section 222 of the Communications Act of 1934, as amended (the "Communications Act"), provides additional privacy protections for information about the quantity, technical configuration, type, destination, location, and amount of your use of telecommunications services, including Xfinity Voice and Mobile Services, and the information about those services contained on your bills for those Services. This information is known as customer proprietary network information or "CPNI". CPNI does not include your name, address, or telephone number, which is defined by the Communications Act as "subscriber list information". However, that information is otherwise considered personally identifiable information. If you are a customer of Xfinity Voice or Mobile Service, or another Service that is subject to these requirements, you have the right, and Comcast has a duty, under the Communications Act and other applicable laws, to protect the confidentiality of your CPNI. In addition, the FCC's rules provide additional privacy protections and choices regarding use and sharing that are specific to our Voice and Mobile service that we describe in this Policy. Additional information regarding other laws and individual rights Your privacy may be impacted differently depending on where you live. If you're a resident of one of the following places, select your location to review the additional privacy notice and information that applies to you. Changes to this Privacy Policy We may change this Privacy Policy over time as our business needs and those of our customers change. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that increase our rights to use personal information that we have previously collected about you, we will notify you through written, electronic, or other means so that you can make any necessary decisions about your ongoing use of our Services.How to contact us with questions about this Privacy Policy Send us a message: Comcast_Privacy@comcast.com Be sure to include your name and address, your Comcast account number (if applicable), and a daytime telephone number where we can reach you. Visit our online help center Xfinity Assistant More Less I Want To More Less Shop More Less About Comcast Web Terms of ServiceCA Notice at CollectionPrivacy PolicyYour Privacy ChoicesAd ChoicesCookie Preferences