Menu PRIVACY-FIRST MARKETPLACE Non-addressable, privacy-friendly inventory. For buyers who are frustrated at the ever-shrinking amount of addressable inventory and sellers that want to capture the value of their non-addressable inventory, the Yieldmo Privacy-First Marketplace delivers technologically-enhanced non-addressable inventory that purposefully does not rely on traditional user-level targeting. Find out how you can deliver superior results for your campaigns using Yieldmo’s Advanced Contextual signals. We analyze the impression, not the audience, delivering results with no cookies required. PRIVACY-SAFE DATA Yieldmo’s SmartCuration Engine analyzes dozens of privacy-compliant signals collected on billions of impressions and analyzed for quality and results. We capture contextual, situational, environmental, and attention signals and optimize in real time Our data focuses on the ad inventory, not the audience, so it’s privacy compliant We don’t rely on cookies to capture data so, we can help you find valuable impressions you may be missing with your audience strategy FUTURE-PROOF YOUR BUYING STRATEGY We’ve created deals to optimize your campaigns across non-addressable inventory. Yieldmo’s curated high-performance, privacy-first inventory does not rely on traditional user-level targeting. Additionally, our proprietary tech lifts KPIs and elevates the user experience with a typically lower than average cost. Turn the constraints of non-addressable inventory into opportunity. Test our cookieless deals and customize them to your campaign goals. • Always-on deals that you can use over and over or highly customized deals that are curated specifically for the goals of a single campaign • Leverages Yieldmo's proprietary curation technology to deliver high-performance, privacy-first inventory • Use standard, DSP-hosted ad units - no separate workflow needed, available across all pipes and formats Access these deals directly in your DSP deal library. BROWSE DEALS See what Yieldmo can do for your business. LEARN MORE Products Overview Company Insights Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Share Or Sale of Personal Data Share Or Sale of Personal Data Under the CPRA, you have the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information by using this toggle switch. If you opt out we will not be able to offer you personalized ads and will not hand over your personal information to any third parties. Additionally, you may contact our legal department for further clarification about your rights as a California consumer by using this Exercise My Rights link.If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we have to take that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore we would not be able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences. Performance CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy Policy PRIVACY POLICY Privacy Matters Yieldmo strives to improve the mobile advertising experience for consumers, publishers, and advertisers. Your privacy is important to us. Accordingly, we have adopted the following Privacy Policy (the “Policy”). This Policy explains how information is collected and utilized by Yieldmo, Inc. (“Yieldmo”, “we”, “us” or “our”). This Policy applies to the Yieldmo website located at https://www.yieldmo.com, (the “Website”) and to Yieldmo’s products and services, including the advertising network and platform operated by Yieldmo (the “Service”). Please read this Policy carefully, and feel free to contact us if you have any questions regarding its content. By accessing and using the Website or using the various websites and applications that participate in the Service, you consent to us processing your information in accordance with this Policy. If you are a consumer or end-user of or our advertising services and wish to opt-out of our advertising, click here Privacy Policy Index Business Users of Website & Services Consumers Or Other End-Users Of The Service European Data Subjects Disclosure & Rights California Consumer Disclosure & Rights Business Users of Yieldmo’s Site and Services Information You Provide Directly To Us If you register to use the Website or Service as a business customer (e.g., as an advertiser, agency or publisher), we ask for and store information you provide such as your email, first name, last name, company name, username, address and phone number (collectively, “Registration Data”). After you register to use the Website or Service, you may set up advertising campaigns and other account parameters. In addition, we may collect information when you provide it to us through contact forms, career applications, email subscriptions, webinar registrations or at events. The Service and the Website are not developed for, or directed at, children under the age of 16. We do not knowingly accept registrations or information from users that are under 16. If you are aware that any child under the age of 16 has become a registered user or provided personal information to Yieldmo, please inform us here , so that we can confirm and take the appropriate steps to remove the account and any related information. Information we automatically collect when you interact with our Website or Service. We collect information about the manner of your use of the Website, including through the use of pixel tags, cookies and other mobile software. Collected information includes; cookie or mobile device identifiers, session length, IP address, location, time of usage, viewed pages and files, your advertising campaign selections, and other information regarding your use of the Website (collectively with Registration Data, the “Account Data”). How we use and share collected information. Collected information may be used to provide the Service to you, conduct internal analysis, account management and maintenance, perform billing, invoicing and payment functions in connection with your account, send services-related information, alerts and promotional messages to you, and maintain and improve the performance of the Website and Service. We may also use this information to offer personalized features, including varying the content you receive in future visits to the Website based on your preferences and activities. We will not sell, rent or share your information with third parties for their own uses without your express consent. However, there are occasions we may share information for a designated business purpose, including: Through the use of proprietary links, pixel tags and cookies served by marketing partners, social media, or tailored advertising services that may use collected information from our Services to assist Yieldmo but also to improve their products and services. Please see your choices below to opt-out of these potential uses.With any other divisions, subsidiaries or corporate affiliates of YieldmoIf we are compelled by law to do so, such as through a subpoena or court order. If it is required as part of a business transaction where Yieldmo or any subsidiary is acquired. We may share aggregated information, such as the number of Website or Service visits, referring partner metrics, or number of account registrations. Your choices with our information uses If you are a business customer, you may contact us at any time and request the following choices with our use of your personal information: Access . We can provide you with the personal information (or ‘personal data’ for European visitors) that we maintain about you. Modification. We will correct any mistakes with your personal information. Opt-Out. You may request that we cease using your information for marketing or other purposes that are not required to provide the services you’ve requested.You may also choose to opt-out through the following mechanisms:If you have received a commercial email from us, you will have the option to opt-out or unsubscribe provided in the email itself.You may choose to opt-out of tailored advertising services we may work with through this industry website Deletion. You can request that we delete any personal information about you, unless we are required by contract or law to retain it. Your browser may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services (including tailored advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and across different websites. Neither our Website nor Services support Do Not Track requests at this time. Consumers Or Other End-Users Of Yieldmo’s Service Types of Information Collected Yieldmo partners with numerous companies to provide online advertisements to end users of mobile websites, mobile applications (“Apps) and other online media (“End Users”). As an End User browses the mobile Internet or uses Apps that include references to the Service, the End User’s browser or device may request advertisements from Yieldmo’s system. When Yieldmo receives these requests, and/or when Yieldmo delivers advertisements to such browser or device, we may collect information about these interactions (as well as any further interaction with the advertisements provided by the Service such as views, clicks, conversions, etc.). This may include, for example: IP address; unique identifiers sent to us from mobile devices, network carriers or data providers; information contained in HTTP headers or other internet transfer protocol signals; ‘hashed’ information (such as email addresses or usernames that are pseudonymized so as to be no longer associated with an individual’s name or email address); demographic information such as a user’s gender, age, and income range; attributes of computer or device usage, such as advertisements clicked, websites and content areas visited; date and time of advertisement request, and advertisement delivery and interaction activities; browser type and version; operating system; language setting; information about or from the presence or use of Apps on a mobile device; and location. Such information is stored on Yieldmo’s servers. We may also collect the GPS location of your device if you have opted to provide it to Yieldmo or to one of Yieldmo’s publisher or third party data provider partners. On occasion, we may also receive information from third-parties that enables advertisement optimization, independently of or in combination with the information collected by Yieldmo, such as audience interest segments and product categories. From time to time, advertisements served by Yieldmo may contain functionality that enables an End User to enter personal information into such advertisements, in order to allow the End User to sign-up for or receive information regarding a product or service offered by an advertiser. In the event that an End User elects to provide personal information under such circumstances, we may collect such information on behalf of such advertiser or its agency. We may use and share such information as described under “How Information is Used” below. How Information is Used The information collected pursuant to this Policy may be used to provide purchasing opportunities and aggregate reports to advertisers, agencies and publishers who participate in the Yieldmo Service, to schedule, deliver and optimize advertisements, to use or create audience interest segments and categories, to limit the number of times a specific advertisement is presented to the same browser or device (frequency capping), to provide advertisements only to certain types of mobile devices, to anonymously track sales and conversions, to detect and eliminate fraudulent activity, to administer and enhance the Service, and to help Yieldmo display, optimize, target and/or customize advertisements to the interests or preferences of End Users. Any End User-volunteered personal information that is entered by an End User into an advertising unit which we receive pursuant to this Policy may be shared with the applicable advertiser or its agency on behalf of whom such information was collected. The End User should review the advertiser’s privacy policy to understand how the advertiser will process such personal information. Yieldmo may use certain general health-related information in delivering advertisements based on inferred End User interest in these topics based on sites or ads with which the End User previously interacted. This may include information related to general health, wellness, common ailments and illnesses, beauty and fitness, but will not include sensitive health information (such as a user having a certain medical condition like cancer or diabetes).For example, a user who views content related to parenting might later be shown an ad for children’s clothing or accessories. Similarly, a user who views content related to fitness might later be shown ads related to exercise-related apps. We may also utilize non-sensitive health-related targeting data segments provided by third party data companies. As an example, Yieldmo may use health-related segments from those third parties such as “Beauty, Health & Fitness > Health, Diets & Nutrition” (Click here for a representative list of such health segments). We may, in accordance with our Ad Policy , accept certain political advertising and target such advertising based upon region, or contextually based upon the content of the page on which the advertising will be displayed (e.g. news page). We do not currently use audience segments in connection with political advertising. We may share the above types of information with our affiliates, third party partners and agents. For example, we may share information to analyze the performance of advertisements, provide reporting to advertisers and clients, improve advertisement targeting on our platform, improve our products and services, and enable third party partners (such as Google) to improve advertisement targeting across their respective services and platforms and otherwise use the information for their lawful business purposes. Your choices with our Service information uses If you believe Yieldmo processes information about you or your device, you may contact us at any time here to request the following choices with our use of your information. In order to make these requests, we will need your cookie and/or mobile advertising identifiers. We may also request additional verification information. Access . We can provide you with the personal information (or ‘personal data’ for European visitors) that we maintain about you. Modification. We will correct any mistakes with your personal information. Opt-Out. End Users can opt out of tailored advertising served by Yieldmo in the following ways. Please note that you will need to opt out for each browser or device that you use, and that there is also a separate opt out for mobile applications, hashed email address use, and connected TVs/OTT devices. Following an opt-out, Yieldmo’s system may still provide advertisements to you. Please note, however, that these advertisements may be less relevant to your interests For desktop and mobile web, you can opt-out as follows:via Yieldmo’s opt-out tool here. Note: Yieldmo may set a non-unique cookie for the sole purpose of implementing such opt-out request. If you opt-out, you should not delete your cookies. If you delete your cookies after opting out, you will need to opt-out again. Note: Yieldmo may set a non-unique cookie for the sole purpose of implementing such opt-out request. If you opt-out, you should not delete your cookies. If you delete your cookies after opting out, you will need to opt-out again.You can opt-out via the Network Advertising Initiative industry opt-out page here. Alternatively, you can download an opt-out cookie protector for select browsers from here To opt-out of tailored advertising for the mobile applications on your current device: The method of opting out depends on the type of device you have. Please also note that, in some cases (i.e., if you have an older device), it may be necessary for you to provide your device ID in order to opt out. – Opting out on Apple iOS devices: On iOS 6.0 or higher, you can select a setting that enables you to limit ad tracking. You can do this by clicking on Settings -> General -> About -> Advertising, and setting the Limit Ad Tracking function to ‘ON’. Alternatively, you can go to Setting -> Privacy -> Advertising and set the “Limit Ad Tracking” function to ‘ON’. – Opting out on Android devices: In Android devices with Google Play Services 4.0 and higher, You can opt out of tailored interest-based advertising services by opening the Google Settings App, then clicking on Ads (under “Services”) and setting the “Opt of ads” function to ‘green’. You may go here for instructions on how to use the advertising choice mechanisms for various devices.Some of our clients use their email address databases to work with LiveRamp, Inc., who may enable them to use hashed email addresses from such databases to tailor advertising. To opt out of this type of personalized advertising, please visit https://optout.liveramp.com/opt_out We may engage in use of collection or use of data for advertising on connected televisions and OTT devices. To exercise your choices with regards to advertising on connected televisions and OTT devices, please visit https://www.networkadvertising.org/internet-connected-tv-choices/ .If you have questions about how to disable your device’s location services, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or the manufacturer of your particular device. Deletion.You can request that we delete any personal information about you, unless we are required by contract or law to retain it. Industry Self-Regulation Yieldmo is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) and adheres to the NAI Code of Conduct. Yieldmo also adheres to the Digital Advertising Alliance’s Self-Regulatory Principles. Data Retention We generally retain collected information for up to 13 months, unless Yieldmo is required to retain such information for a longer period of time in order to comply with its legal or contractual obligations. After this timeframe, the information is anonymized in a way that makes it unable to be associated back to an individual computer or device and is then stored for analytical and reporting purposes. When we may share consumer or other end-user information Business purposes: We may work with other advertising services, and if we receive consent from you for personalized advertising or you do not object to our use of your information for personalized ads, we may transfer your information to another advertising service so they may assist with personalizing ads. In such an event, these advertising services may also use your information to improve their products and services. Service Providers : We retain certain service providers to perform functions and services for us. We may share information with these service providers, but only to the extent necessary to perform these functions and services, and only pursuant to obligations that are consistent with this Policy. Business Transfers : We may disclose information to third-parties if: (a) we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your information to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets, or (b) if Yieldmo or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third-party, in which case information held by Yieldmo will be one of the transferred assets. Legal and Regulatory Compliance : We may disclose information to fulfill legal or regulatory requirements or if we believe, in good faith, that such disclosure is legally required or necessary to protect others’ rights or to prevent harm. Aggregate Information : Yieldmo may share aggregate and anonymous usage statistics regarding the Yieldmo Service with the public or businesses with whom we work. Such aggregated information is not PII. Yieldmo may also use such aggregated information to help Yieldmo improve the design and delivery of the Yieldmo Service and increase its effectiveness. Security Yieldmo uses reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. To that end, we have designed and deployed hardware, software, and networking solutions in an effort to reasonably secure and protect access to our systems and data. Please note that where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access the Website or Service, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. Regardless of the precautions taken by you or by us, “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you transmit such information at your own risk. European Data Subjects Disclosure & Rights Legal basis for processing We process personal data in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”) under the following legal bases: Consent: Our advertising service relies on consent for the placement and reference of cookies or mobile advertising identifiers.Legitimate interest: Our advertising service may use collected data to improve our products and services. We may also send marketing and other communications content to our business customers.Contract fulfillment: We use business and consumer or other end-user information to perform specific functions our business customers require as part of our Services. Legal obligation: We may be compelled by law to share business or other information associated with data subjects. Data subject rights As noted above, you may exercise your rights to Access, Modify, or Delete your personal data here. You may also exercise your right to object to our advertising uses by clicking here , or business customers can opt-out of emails by clicking through the unsubscribe link in any received emails. International data transfer If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide your information to us, you consent to our transferring your information to the United States in order for us to process it there. For data subjects of the European Economic Area, information transfers to the U.S.are subject to additional protections including through our use of model contracts approved by the European Commission or to our partners and service providers who utilize other methods of providing legal protection for your information. Complaints European data subjects may lodge a complaint with Yieldmo’s Data Protection Officer by emailing DPO@yieldmo.com . Alternatively, data subjects may wish to lodge a complaint with a European Data Protection Authority California Consumer Disclosure & Rights Definitions The terms “Business Purpose(s)”, “Personal Information”, “Sell” (or “Sale”), “Service Provider(s)” and “Third Parties” have the meanings given in the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA). These term references and disclosures are limited to this section of the Privacy Policy and designated exclusively for California Consumers. Categories of Personal Information Unique device identifiers such as Cookies, Mobile Ad IDs (IDFAs for iOS and Android Ad IDs), Timestamps, User Agent Strings, IP addresses and general location data that is no more specific than a postal code, and web addresses (also known as “URLs”) or mobile applications where a user is browsing. Purposes for collecting Personal Information We collect personal information to deliver and measure online advertising. Categories of sources from which Personal Information is collected Websites, mobile applications, advertising services, technology platforms. Purposes for use of collected Information We use collected information to deliver and measure relevant online advertising. Categories of Personal Information we sell Identifiers and inferences about website visitors. Purposes for selling personal information This data is used by our Clients and Partners for more tailored advertising, marketing, measurement, analytics, and research. Categories of Third Parties to whom Personal Information is sold Advertisers, advertising agencies, marketers, technology platforms, and market research firms. Categories of third parties to whom information was shared for a business purpose Advertisers, advertising agencies, marketers, technology platforms, and market research firms. California Consumer Rights & Options Access or Delete Your Personal Information Complete our rights exercise form here Persons residing in California may also call our automated voicemail system at 1-866-I-OPT-OUT (1-866-467-8688) Service Code 744 with your cookie ID and/or Mobile Ad ID Opt Out of Sales or Exercise Your “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” Right Under CCPA You can opt-out via Yieldmo’s opt-out tool here : Note: Yieldmo may set a non-unique cookie for the sole purpose of implementing such opt-out request. If you opt-out, you should not delete your cookies. If you delete your cookies after opting out, you will need to opt-out again. Alternatively, you may also opt-out of Yieldmo’s and other companies’ data collection practices via the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) opt-out page here , or Digital Advertising Alliance’s (“DAA”) opt-out page here Changes to Privacy Policy It may be necessary from time to time for us to modify this Policy to reflect changes in the way we collect and use information or changes in privacy-related laws, regulations, and industry standards. Accordingly, we reserve the right to change this policy at any time by posting the revised policy on the Website. Data will be handled in accordance with the policy in effect at the time the data is used. Contact If you would like us to delete (or modify if necessary) all records of your personal information, or if you have any other questions or concerns, please contact us at privacy@yieldmo.com or via mail at the address below: Yieldmo, Inc. Attn.: Privacy, 1 Tara Boulevard, Suite 200 – Nashua, NH 03062 Last Updated: August 29, 2022 Products Overview Company Insights Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly.Share Or Sale of Personal Data Share Or Sale of Personal Data Under the CPRA, you have the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information by using this toggle switch. If you opt out we will not be able to offer you personalized ads and will not hand over your personal information to any third parties. Additionally, you may contact our legal department for further clarification about your rights as a California consumer by using this Exercise My Rights link.If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we have to take that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore we would not be able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences. Performance CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting CookiesSwitch Label label These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Cookie List checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label