Privacy Policy Last updated: March 22, 2023 This Privacy Policy includes important information about your personal data and we encourage you to read it carefully. Who we are The data controller is Yospace Technologies Ltd (Yospace). Yospace is a technology company that specialises in Dynamic Advertisement Insertion (DAI) for digital video, registered in England and Wales. Registration number: 04494783. Our registered address is: Church House, 18-20 Church Street, Staines-upon-Thames, Surrey TW18 4EP, UK. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us by writing to us at the above address, or by emailing mydata@yospace.com How we collect information about you There are several ways we may collect information about you. These include: When you provide it to us by getting in contact (phone/email/web)*When you provide it to us in person (business card/scanned badge/event registration)When you subscribe to our servicesWhen you share your information on a public forum that is related to your business (LinkedIn/conference or event website) We may also collect information about you if you consent to the use of cookies when using our website. *Phone calls may be recorded for training purposes or for the resolution of any disputes. Recordings are retained for 3 months and access is restricted to the customer services management team. What information we collect about you This can include the following: name, date of birth, location, phone number, email address, job title, company name, company address, payment details where relevant, IP address, geographical location of where you accessed our website, information about how you use/interact with our website, information from cookies (if you have consented to their use) and information about your computer or other electronic device (tablet and browser type). For more information on our use of cookies. Security of your information Yospace respects your data and has taken appropriate technical and organisational measures to ensure we have mitigated against such risks as loss or unauthorised access, destruction, use, modification or disclosure of data. Do you collect any special category data? Yospace does not collect special category data as a matter of course. How we use your information and the legal basis for this Your information is used to process your purchases, deliver our services and contact you, as well as to improve the website experience for our users. When you enter into business with us, we may collect the following information: name, phone number, email address, address, billing address, company name, VAT number (if applicable), job title. If you don’t provide this information, you won’t be able to purchase from us or enter into a contract with us. In these instances, we process your personal data because it is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, or in order to take steps at your request to enter into a contract. When you share your details with us, either through a scanned badge at a relevant industry event or by providing a business card, we may collect the following information: name, phone number, email address, address, company name, job title. Once a contract has been entered into and/or you have shared your details we may send you marketing communications relating to the product(s) you have purchased and relevant industry events. In these instances, processing is performed on the basis of assumed consent because you have shown legitimate interest. This will continue until such time that you withdraw consent. When you send us an enquiry or visit our website, you can opt in to receive marketing communications in relation to our products and services by ticking the relevant boxes. We will then send you the relevant marketing communications until such time that you remove your consent. In these instances, processing is performed on the basis of your consent. Who we share your data with We will only share your data with third parties for the purposes of delivering our services, fulfilling any contracts we enter with you, where required by law or to enforce our legal rights. Third party communications Yospace will not disclose your details to third parties for the purpose of receiving communications from those third parties, including relevant business information, unless you specifically opt-in to this type of communication. Service providers Only when necessary to deliver our services and run our business, we share your information with various providers who will act as data processors.These include: Telephone and email providersPayment processing providersIT service providersHosting providersMailing houses and print/fulfilment companies Mailing, print and fulfilment companies Yospace will only disclose your information to print and fulfilment companies who are conducting business on Yospace's behalf and only for an agreed purpose, such as trade show flyer distribution, operational mailings or marketing mailings. Payment information Yospace does not share financial details with any third parties. However, it may (in appropriate circumstances) use certain other companies to provide services to you, such as a credit card processing company. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personal information for any purposes other than to provide this service to Yospace. Sharing your information for legal reasons Yospace will share your information when required to do so in order to comply with a common law or statutory obligation. For example, this may include information surrounding criminal acts or threats to public security. Transfer of your information outside the European Economic Area (EEA) Only when necessary to deliver our services and run our business, we share your information with providers outside the EEA who will act as data processors. These include: Telephone and email providersPayment processing providersIT service providersHosting providersMailing houses and print/fulfilment companies Other than these cases, Yospace will not transfer your personal data to any country outside the EEA. How long we hold your information We will keep hold of your data for no longer than necessary. The length of time we retain it will depend on any legal obligations we have (such as tax recording purposes), the nature of any contracts we have in place with you, the existence of your consent or our legitimate interests as a business. Purchases When you purchase a product or service from us, we retain that information for the duration of the period during which we are contracted to work with you, then for as long as there is a legitimate business interest reason to do so (for example, if you are likely to be at relevant industry events that we attend). We retain that information for a period of six years following the end of the financial year during which you purchased from us. It is our legal obligation to keep these records for tax purposes. We will retain your information beyond six years if there is a legitimate business reason to do so. When that reason is no longer applicable we will delete your information within 12 months. Enquiries Unless you provide consent for future contact during your enquiry, we will keep your information for as long is required to respond and complete your enquiry, and then for as long as there is a legitimate business reason to do so (for example, if you are likely to be at relevant industry events that we attend) and for a further 12 months, before deleting your information. Will you be subject to profiling and automated decision making? Details on your interactions with Yospace may be used to review the relevance and quality of the products and services we offer. However, we do not undertake any automated profiling or automated decision-making processes. Your rights Subject to certain limitations, you have the right to: Request a copy of the information we hold about you and be told about its use.Request that Yospace rectifies or deletes your information, or restricts processing if you have concerns over its accuracy, deletion or fair and lawful use.Object to the processing of your personal data, based on your particular situation, where this processing is based on the legitimate interests of Yospace, where it involves direct marketing, or where it is completed for research or statistical purposes. Withdraw consent to the use of your information. All of our non-operational communications contain an unsubscribe link and you can manage your preferences at any time online within the ‘About’ section of our website.Receive your personal data in a portable, commonly used, machine-readable format to transfer to another data controller. However, in some circumstances we may be unable to provide you with some or all of your personal data, for example, if it compromises the confidentiality of a third party. Concerns or complaints If you have concerns or questions over the collection, storage or processing of your data, you are encouraged in the first instance to contact a Yospace member of staff on +441784466388 . Alternatively, you can write directly to our Marketing & Communications representative at: Marketing & Communications, Yospace, Church House, 18-20 Church Street, Staines-upon-Thames, Surrey TW18 4EP. mydata@yospace.com You also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. In the UK, this is the Information Commissioner’s Office (ICO). Contact details for the ICO are available here .Cookie Policy Last updated: March 22, 2023 Cookies are tiny files that help track the use of the site and to personalise your journey. These cookies can be stored so that if you return to a website, that website server can call the information from the cookies stored on your computer to tailor your experience of the site. Yospace is no different; we use cookies to help you browse our website more effectively and for website analytics - we do not store personally identifiable information in our cookie data. Cookies are perfectly safe to be stored on your computer and almost all web browsers have cookie storing enabled as default. However, all browsers have the option of disabling cookies being stored on your computer if you wish to do this. As a rule, cookies will make your browsing experience better. However, you may prefer to disable cookies on this site and on others. The most effective way to do this is to disable cookies in your browser. We suggest consulting the Help section of your browser or taking a look at the About Cookies website which offers guidance for all modern browsers.