NPAW Suite Privacy Policy NPAW S.L. (“Nice People At Work”, NPAW) is committed to protecting your privacy. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding data and personal data (each as defined below) that we collect from users of our website, the NPAW products (the “Products”), or related services. This Privacy Policy covers our collection, use and disclosure of information we collect through our website and further communications with us. If you are a client or partner, please refer to our NPAW Privacy Policy Addendum attached to your Service or Partner Agreement. Before providing us any data on the website, please ensure that you have read and understood our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this privacy policy. NPAW S.L. Address: Contact person for privacy matters: User Consent By submitting or making available Personal Data through our website, communications with us or through any related services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the processing of your Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Information Collection We collect the following data from our Customers through NPAW Suite, when you create a user on it: First name, Last name and Email. Furthermore, we may collect and process on behalf of our Customers through use of the Services the following non sensitive data: Personal Data: User IP address, User ID, Device IDNon-Personal: Country, City, ISP, connection type, media resource being played (URL, title, duration, hosting, etc.) and the user behavior while viewing it, such as pausing, seeking a certain point of the video, or leaving the video before its end Purposes Regarding our Customers information collected through NPAW Suite, it is used for commercial and administrative purposes relating to NPAW, in particular to inform you about our services and making commercial offers, to respond to your direct inquiries, provide you a demo, include products and services in your Service Order, schedule meetings, and to send you marketing, and dissemination materials, case studies, webinars and white papers. Regarding end-users data collected on behalf of our Customers through use of the Services, the purpose is to assess the quality experience of them and to provide metrics, insights and action points to maximize the audience satisfaction and service performance. Information from use of NPAW Suite SDKs NPAW may collect or receive analytics or other data through use of the NPAW Suite SDKs. The SDKs (Software Development Kit) are designed to be compatible with or embedded into websites and applications that serve video content, which will allow you to collect Analytics Data from Customer’s end users. Analytics Data may include information about the Customer’s end users who view video content, such as the following: IP addressesUnique user or device identifiersDetails about the video content viewedDevice informationInformation about software or technology used to view videosInteractions with video content (e.g. when the user starts watching, when they click “pause”, when they skip an ad, if autoplay is activated, etc.)Information from video content publishers and distributors (e.g., user IDs) The main reason to collect and process Analytics Data is solely to provide our Service to our Customers, to maintain and improve our Service, and as otherwise permitted by our agreement with our Customers. Therefore, Analytics Data is owned and controlled by our Customers. It is important to highlight that we do not use Analytics Data for our own marketing or advertising purposes, or disclose such data to third parties, except to the extent that Analytics Data has been aggregated and/or anonymized in a manner designed not to identify our Customer or its end users. Customers will have their own NPAW Privacy Policy Addendum attached to their Service or Partner Agreement. Lawful Basis for Processing NPAW provides the NPAW Suite platform, a video business intelligence platform that assesses the quality experience of your audience and provides metrics, insights and action points to maximize your audience satisfaction and service performance (hereinafter, the “Business”). We process the data on the basis of your informed consent, as well as for legitimate interests of NPAW (the interest in conducting and managing our Business to enable us to interact with you and give you the best service/product). We make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law).You can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by contacting us as indicated below. Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. You may withdraw your consent at any time, by contacting us as indicated below. Retention Period We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements, and in particular until you specifically ask us to delete this data. To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. Data Quality It is important that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and current. Please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us. Marketing We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. We may use your personal data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. This is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you. You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or used our services and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing. You may opt out by emailing us. Cookie Data Our cookie policy is indicated here Information and Sharing NPAW does not disclose, sell or share your personal data with other people or non-affiliated companies for promotional purposes except to provide the services you have requested, only when we have your permission. We may disclose your information under the following circumstances: To our service providers, for the provision of their services (e.g. email or mailing services)When we share anonymous, aggregated information generated by our servicesWhen we respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal processes or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claimsWhen we believe in our sole discretion it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent or take actions against illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of terms of use of NPAW or otherwise required by law Links to Other Sites This Website contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by NPAW. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Website Changes to these Terms and Purposes If we make material changes in the way we use your personal data, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Website or sending you an email, through our Commercial Department, with the email address you provided when you submitted your personal information on the site. We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another legitimate reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose If you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact us International Transfer The personal information we collect may be transferred to and stored in countries outside of the jurisdiction you are in. NPAW main infrastructure is located in the European Union. If you wish to enquire further about these safeguards used, please contact us using the details set out above Your Rights Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. You have the right to: Request access to your personal data. This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing itRequest correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to usRequest erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it.You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request Object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms Request restriction of processing of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data's accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with youWithdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent At any time you may revoke the consent to use your information and/or exercise the above rights, for free, by emailing us at or at or calling at Powered by Localize