Privacy Policy Respecting the privacy rights of each of our customers is extremely essential to us. We are dedicated to adhering to the Standard Data Security Control 2016/679 as well as the Data Security Act 2018. The privacy policy describes the way we obtain, save as well as utilize private information concerning you anytime you visit our sites ( http://localhost/zie/ ) along with our tablet, mobile and several other applications (our “Websites”). This policy is applicable to each of our Websites irrespective of how they are accessible by you or made available to you. Please be sure to read this privacy policy thoroughly before proceeding to make use our Websites, because this policy will be applicable to your use of each of our Websites. In case you don’t desire your information to be made use of as established in this privacy policy, you should certainly not use our Websites. Your use of our Websites, together with any specific requests you make, is regulated by our Terms and Conditions along with our Cookie Policy. Please consider reading these, because they contain essential terms that applicable to you. Who are we? The information regulator of our Sites is Amori Ltd (“we”, “us” or “our”) of 47 Main Street, Cumbernauld, Glasgow, G67 2RT . In case of any questions regarding the way we take care of your private data, please be sure to get in touch with the Data Protection Officer at Amori Ltd , 47 Main Street, Cumbernauld, Glasgow, G67 2RT , or through email on contact@zienix.co.uk.www122.your-server.de What specific information do we collect and why? Anytime you visit our Websites, we may obtain: Details like the IP address of your personal computer, web browser and its version not to mention the incognito data obtained from cookies anytime you explore our Web pages. We obtain these particular details to enable us fully grasp the best way to better our Sites including our services and also to guarantee that the content on each of our Websites is delivered to you in an excellent way. We have a genuine focus on this particular development so as to be certain that our site is functioning efficiently and to offer you outstanding solution. We will retain these private details for six months. They include; Personal details like your name, phone number, address and e-mail address as made available by you the moment you sign-up to http://localhost/zie/ or perhaps enroll in any of our services. We therefore obtain these particular details for the following purpose: In order to process the order you make through our websites. If perhaps you fail to give us the details that we ask for, then you might not be in a position to place any order through our Website. We’ve got valid interest to obtain this data: in order to process your request and offer you our solutions. We will save your name, phone number and e-mail address for 13 months. For your address information, we will save it for 24 months.To be able to process the payment of your purchase, we indulge 3rd party processors. Should you give them permission to do so, the 3rd party processors may well save your payment card information to be able to quicken your transaction duration. If perhaps you wish to adjust your account configuration settings, please make sure you sign in to your account and follow the provided guidelines; For product improvement (e.g. Call backs for reviews on brand new market solutions), for market analysis, statistical research, evaluation and survey purposes, to help advise you on improvements to our Website or our market solutions. We have a valid desire to obtain this particular data: to keep on improving the services. We will certainly save these private details for 24 months. Nevertheless, in case you have not placed an order for 13 months, we will automatically anonymise your private information; and To guarantee you secure marketing together with offers that are beneficial and of importance to you. We have valid interest to have this data: to be able to understand your personal preferences as well as to customize our solutions to you in order to better the advertisements you receive from us. We will save this private data for a period of 24 months, nevertheless, if perhaps you haven’t made any order for 13 months, we will systematically anonymise your private information and after that we shall no longer send you any direct advertising. You can opt out of this system any time you so wish. Direct Advertising Once you submit an order on our Website, we will e-mail and SMS message you regular offers about related goods and services. We bear genuine interest in mailing you this advertisement: to be able to market our goods and services to each of our clients and ensure you are kept updated on the perfect offers along with the available deals. Can I quit receiving direct advertising? Of course!You are certainly free anytime to unsubscribe from direct advertising; this will in no way have an effect on our dedication to offer you outstanding solutions along with top quality products. In order to withdraw agreement to advertising, don’t hesitate to get in touch with us through e-mail. We will cease from mailing you advertising information soon enough but, mostly no later than 30 days beginning the time you submitted the request. For what period of time do you keep me opted in for direct advertising? If perhaps you haven’t submitted any order within 13 months, we will systematically opt you out of receiving further direct advertising. If you submit the order form again and haven’t beforehand unsubscribed, or perhaps in case you place a purchase order then opt in to direct advertising, we will restart mailing to you our advertising communications. With whom do we share your personal details? We may well share your individual details with direct marketing organizations to carry out services on our account (like mailing you distinctive offers that we may possibly have) who will solely be authorized to make use of your private details for the purpose of executing that specific function purely in compliance with our directions and not for any other reason. Please check out “The specific information we collect and why” above for more information. In certain situations, we may need to reveal your private details by law, due to the fact that a court, the law enforcement or other legal or regulatory administration companies have requested us for it. We ask all 3rd parties that we labor with to strictly handle your private details as discreet and to totally abide by all relevant United Kingdom and Ireland data security and consumer laws. Where do we keep your private details? The information that we obtain from you will be copied to, and then filed at, a location inside the European Economic Area (“EEA”). However, the transmission of data online is normally not fully safe. Nevertheless, we will try the best we can to secure your private data, we can’t totally ensure the safety of any specific information sent to our Websites and any form of data transmission will be at your own peril. After receiving your details, we will then employ tight measures and safety functions to try and eliminate unauthorized accessibility. Virtually all the details you make available to us is definitely saved on protected servers. In order to eliminate unauthorized accessibility or disclosure, we have set ideal physical, digital as well as business policies to shield and secure all the data we obtain. Your rights You have every right to ask for access to or modification of your individual information that we have about you. Additionally, you’ve got the right to delete your private details, to prohibit the processing of your private details and the right to obtain your private details that you have made available to us and to send such individual details to another data regulator. In order to submit a subject entry request, please make sure you get in touch with the Data Protection Officer at Amori Ltd , 47 Main Street, Cumbernauld, Glasgow, G67 2RT . If you wish to submit any other request to us, don’t hesitate to write to us at Amori Ltd , 47 Main Street, Cumbernauld, Glasgow, G67 2RT for the attention of the Data Protection Officer. Please take note, while working on a data subject enquiry, we’ve got a responsibility to employ practical methods to confirm the identity of the data subject that has made the enquiry. We will, in every case, demand a duplicate of Passport or Driving License as well as proof of address (e.g. utility bill); in case this isn’t included on the Driving License provided. In case you have any concern related to our processing of your private details, you have every right to issue your grievance to the Information Commissioner’s Office in the United Kingdom. If perhaps you feel that any specific information we have concerning you is incomplete or erroneous, don’t hesitate to e-mail us and we will definitely rectify or up-date any details soonest possible. Revisions to our Privacy Policy Any sort of improvements we make to this particular Privacy Policy will always be published on this web page and, where applicable, informed to you through e-mail. Please make sure you frequently check back so that you can view any updates or adjustments to our privacy policy. How to Get in touch with us If perhaps you have any concerns regarding our Privacy Policy, please be sure to get in touch with the Data Protection Officer at Amori Ltd , 47 Main Street, Cumbernauld, Glasgow, G67 2RT . Zienix System Menu Menu Facebook Twitter