AppDynamics Privacy Policy: Cisco Online Privacy Statement AppDynamics has adopted the Cisco Online Privacy Statement effective September 27, 2021, and which is available here . Please review the FAQs below about this transition. Notes and Frequently Asked Questions AppDynamics has adopted the Cisco Online Privacy Statement effective from September 27, 2021. Please review the FAQs below for more information about this transition. Please note this key difference regarding how to access and edit your personal information Please note that instead of utilizing the Cisco Profile Management Tool link referenced in the Cisco Online Privacy Statement under the heading ‘Access to and Accuracy of Your Personal Information and Exercising Your Rights’, customers of AppDynamics can view and edit personal information and preferences online through the Account Portal available here: accounts.appdynamics.com Why is AppDynamics making this change? This change from the AppDynamics Privacy Policy to the Cisco Online Privacy Statement is part of the continued alignment of the AppDynamics business with Cisco. When did the change to Cisco Online Privacy Statement become effective? The change became effective on September 27, 2021. Is my personal information less protected by this change to the Cisco Online Privacy Statement than it was under the AppDynamics Privacy Policy? No, your personal information will continue to be treated and protected in a manner consistent with the treatment described in the AppDynamics Privacy Policy. There will be no additional sharing or use of your personal data as a result of this change. Does AppDynamics use Cookies and other Web Technologies? Yes, both AppDynamics and Cisco use automatic data collection tools, such as cookies, tags and similar technologies. For more information about our use of cookies and similar technologies and to update your cookie preferences, please visit the Cisco Cookie Consent Manager which can be accessed through the Cisco Online Privacy Statement under the heading ‘Use of Cookies and other Web Technologies’. How can I get more information about the Cisco Online Privacy Statement? If you have additional questions which are not covered by these FAQs, you can contact AppDynamics by sending an email to privacy@appdynamics.com or by contacting Cisco at privacy@cisco.com . How do I object to my personal information being processed under the Cisco Online Privacy Statement? You can contact AppDynamics by sending an email to privacy@appdynamics.com.or or by using this privacy request form . You can also write to Cisco at Cisco Systems, Inc., Privacy Legal Department, 170 West Tasman Drive, San Jose, CA 95134, USA. Will I now receive marketing from Cisco not related to AppDynamics Products and Services? This update does not change your marketing or communication preferences. You will receive marketing based on the preferences you have previously stated. You can unsubscribe from marketing messages from Cisco or AppDynamics at any time either by following the instructions contained within the email you receive or by emailing us at privacy@cisco.com (for messages from Cisco) or privacy@appdynamics.com (for messaged from AppDynamics). Subscribe to our mailing list Thank you! Your submission has been received! Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form Copyright 2009 - 2023 AppDynamics. All Rights Reserved Privacy Statement Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Cookie Policy Japanese English English Consent Manager Your PrivacyStrictly Necessary CookiesPerformance CookiesTargeting CookiesFunctional Cookies Your Privacy When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Privacy Statement Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Cookie List Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy Policy We often see privacy policies that are impossible to understand, too technical, too comprehensive, and written by lawyers for lawyers. We hope this privacy policy is different and easy to understand for you. We try to make an app that puts you first in every decision, and we hope it shows. We'll keep improving our privacy policy, and we'll let you know in the app if something significant changes. Promises This privacy policy is about what we do but we also think it's important to talk about the things we won't do. We'll: never sell your personal datanever prioritize certain stores over othersnever spam you How eTilbudsavis Works When we talk about the app we mean our website, iOS (iPhone and iPad), and Android. At a basic level, you can use our app quite anonymously. We don't track you or send your personal data to third parties. When you use our app we ask you if we may use your location data. We process your IP address if you haven't given us GPS access or manually entered your address. We do this to show you relevant deals in your vicinity, see GDPR article 6(1)(f). We don't store your IP address. You can always delete this information in the app by resetting your address where you normally enter one. You also have the option of subscribing to certain stores, save searches, create shopping lists, etc. You can do all of this without giving us your name or e-mail (except for the website). You can optionally attach your e-mail to the anonymous account so that you can sign in to other devices. When you create an account we only ask for your name, e-mail, and a password to create a secure login for you, see GDPR article 6(1)(f). The password is encrypted and can't be read by us. You can delete your account on the website . Your account will be deleted immediately and you can't undo it. You're always welcome to create a new account though. If you don't delete your account, your data will remain in our database. How We Make Money We make money in three ways: every time you open an deal or catalog, we receive a small amount from the store. We also have a product called Insights where businesses can see which deals people search for, which catalog are popular, etc. Finally, we have a product called Incito that allows businesses to create inspiring digital catalogs automatically. We don't prioritize certain stores over others and there are no auctions. We don't show external ads or sell your personal data. We'll always be free to use for you. Preferences / Cookies We only use cookies to make our apps work so that you can login, save your address, save your searches, share your shopping list with others, etc. We don't save your address in our database behind the scenes. The address is only saved in the app itself so we can show content near you as the app is built around content near you. Notifications Push Notifications We only send you push notifications if you've allowed the app to do so and you use a feature that is intended to send you a push notification, see GDPR article 6(1)(a). You can always disable these features to disable push notifications. Or disable push notifications in settings on your iPhone, iPad, or Android device. E-mails We don't send you any e-mails unless you do something where it's natural, and we have a wish to get in contact with you, see GDPR article 6(1)(f): when you create an account we'd like to validate your e-mailwhen you change your e-mail we'd like to validate your new e-mailwhen you ask to reset your passwordwhen your saved searches have new resultswhen someone shares their shopping list with youwhen a store you subscribe to has a new catalog Access Your Data and Your Other Rights You can always contact us on hej@etilbudsavis.dk if you want to know which data we have on you. We can only do this if you've created an account with an e-mail as we wouldn't otherwise be able to find your personal data. You can also write us to fix incorrect data about yourself that for one reason or the other have been registered in the app. In certain cases you also have the right to get your personal data deleted and the processing of your data limited. Please be aware certain features in the app depend on your personal data (like logging in), and by limiting the use of your personal data, you won't be able to use all features. In addition, you have the right to object to our processing of your personal data. Who Can Access Your Data We have a principle that as few people as possible should be able to access your data. That is why only a few trusted developers have the option of accessing the database because they work on improving the app each day, just like only a few of our suppliers have access to your data to make sure the app works optimally. No one can see your password as it's encrypted. All of our developers are based within EU/EEA, and we never transfer your data to countries outside this area.Complaints eTilbudsavis is owned by Tjek A/S that is responsible for your data. If you wish to file a complaint you can always reach out to the Danish Data Protection Agency . You can find Tjek A/S' contact info here . Final Thoughts Our work isn't done yet. In the future we wish to secure your privacy even more. We believe your privacy should be secured through technology and not words in a privacy policy. In theory we could write whatever we wanted and do something else. That's why true security is our goal just like we see messaging apps that have end-to-end encryption where you can write friends and family without anyone eavesdropping. We are however quite proud of our approach to privacy and we hope you can see the work we've put into it. Third Parties TrackJS Saves the potential errors that happens in your browser when you visit our website. We use TrackJS to be able to quickly fix these errors. Your IP address is not saved. Isn't enabled automatically and is only used on our website. Google Firebase Crash Reporting Like TrackJS, Firebase Crash Reporting does the same just for our Android app. They save your IP address and we can't disable that. Isn't enabled automatically and is used in our Android app. Android When you install our Android app Google will measure certain things as part of the operating system. This is the case for all apps and out of our control. Google Maps We use Google Maps on our website and in the Android app to show your location and stores on a map. Amazon Web Services Amazon Web Services is responsible for servers, databases, and infrastructure. We continue to improve security both online and offline. For example, we've enabled database encryption to avoid physical access to data in Amazon's data centers. Google Cloud Google Cloud is like Amazon Web Services, where we also manage servers, databases, and infrastructure. Apple: iOS When you install our iOS app Apple will measure certain things as part of the operating system. This is the case for all apps and out of our control. Dansk English Norsk Polski Українська Svenska Shopping ListGeneral Data Privacy Notice Last updated August 10, 2023* Welcome to New Relic! New Relic's full-stack data analysis platform enables businesses to have a clearer view of what’s happening in their software. Want to learn how New Relic processes data when you use or interact with our Services? See our Services Data Privacy Notice . For California Residents, please see our California Privacy Notice . Interested in applying for a job at New Relic? See our Applicant Privacy Policy to understand how New Relic uses the information you provide when you apply. For California Residents, please see our California Applicant Privacy Notice . This New Relic General Data Privacy Notice (“General Privacy Notice”) explains who we are, how we collect, share and use personal data about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. We are committed to protecting your information and being transparent about the information we collect about you and how we use it. We recommend that you read this General Privacy Notice in full to ensure you are informed. If you have any questions about this General Privacy Notice please see Section 16 (How to Contact Us) . If there’s a particular section you’re interested in reviewing, click on a link below to jump to that spot. 1. Definitions 2. Who We Are 3. The Information We Collect About You 4. How We Use Your Personal Data 5. How We Share Your Personal Data 6. Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Data 7. How Long We Hold Your Personal Data 8. International Data Transfers 9. Your Choices and Data Protection Rights 10. Do Not Track and Global Privacy Control 11. Advertising 12. Third Party Websites and Social Media Widgets 13. Security of Your Personal Data 14. Children 15. Changes to this General Privacy Notice 16. How to Contact Us “Personal Data” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual, including, for example, your name, phone number, post code or zip code, Device ID, IP address and email address. Further information about the Personal Data that we collect, where we collect it from, and how we use it is set out below. “Sites” means the websites that display or link to this General Privacy Notice, such as www.newrelic.com , status.newrelic.com , learn.newrelic.com , discuss.newrelic.com , www.newrelic.jp , www.newrelic.de , codestream.com , pixielabs.ai and any related New Relic website operated by New Relic. Undefined terms used in this General Privacy Notice have the same definition as in our Terms of Service . New Relic, Inc. makes monitoring services and tools available via several platforms, including pixielabs.ai, newrelic.com, and codestream.com. When you create an account with us via one of our platforms, your information is controlled by New Relic, Inc. New Relic collects Personal Data about you both offline and online. Offline information about you originates from our interactions with you, for example, during in-person meetings or at New Relic events, conferences, or workshops. Online information originates from your activities on our Sites and third party sources. The Personal Data we collect includes information such as your name, mailing or billing address, credit card information, username, GitHub ID, email address, company name, IP or MAC address. We collect this information so we know who you are for various reasons, including to communicate with you, bill you correctly, and to enable you to log-in to and use New Relic Sites and New Relic Separate Platforms. For more information on the types of Personal Data we collect and how we may receive it, click on “Read more”. Read more We may collect offline or online data, such as contact and financial information, from you directly, automatically, or from third parties, such as data aggregators, that may not have a relationship with you. a.Personal Data Categories Personal Data category Examples of Personal Data included Contact information Your name, job title, company name, mailing address, phone number, email address, username, password Financial & billing information Your billing name and address, credit card number, bank account information Event visitor information Your name, title, company name, mailing address, country, phone number, email address Community profile information Username, photo and/or biographical information, such as your occupation, social media profiles, profile on Stack Overflow, Github ID, company name, areas of expertise, custom profiles Office visitor information Your name, email address, phone number, photograph, company name, time and date of arrival Pictures, videos, & audio recordings Images of you captured during a New Relic event or promotion in photos or videos and/or recordings of you made during a research or a promotional session or event with your consent Device & geographic information IP address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location), user ID, and other technical information Information about how your device has interacted with our Sites, including the pages accessed and links clicked b. Personal Data we collect directly from you includes contact, financial and billing, event visitor, community profile, and office visitor information, as well as pictures, videos and audio recordings, and data we collect automatically, which includes device and geographic information. Personal Data category Examples of how it may be collected by New Relic directly Collected automatically Contact information If you express an interest in obtaining additional information about our Servicesrequest customer supportuse our "Contact Us" or similar featuresregister to use our Sites and other New Relic platforms, such as pixielabs.ai, sign up for or attend an event, webinar or contestdownload certain content, such as whitepapers from our Sites or third-party sitesparticipate in a New Relic research study or promotioninitiate a webchat on the New Relic website No Financial & billing information If you make purchases via our Sitesregister for an event or webinar No Event visitor information If you attend an event No Community profile information We may collect this data in a variety of contexts.If you attend a New Relic promotion or event, your image may be captured in a photo or videoparticipate in a New Relic research study your research session may be recorded with your consent. No Office visitor information If you visit our SitesSome of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further in the New Relic Cookie Policy . Yes If you provide to us or to our service providers any Personal Data relating to other individuals or third parties (such as your beneficiaries, references for job candidates, or referrals for the purposes of collaboration within the New Relic platform), you represent that you have the authority to do so and permit us to use the Personal Data in accordance with this General Privacy Notice. If you would like to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please see Section 9 (Your Choices and Data Protection Rights) . If you are that beneficiary or any other third party whose Personal Data was provided to New Relic on your behalf and with your consent, and you would like to exercise your rights relating to your Personal Data, please see Section 9 (Your Choices and Data Protection Rights) . c.We may collect the following types of Personal Data about you from third parties that supply us with Personal Data in order to help us establish an account, target our marketing, or fulfill orders in partnership with our resellers. Our third party company relationships help us to update, expand, and analyze our Personal Data records, identify new customers, optimize our Sites and Services, create more tailored advertising to provide services that may be of interest to you, and manage open source projects. Personal Data that we collect from third party sources include: Example Categories of Personal Data Third party source Contact informationIntent data (or user behavior data)Device and geographic informationCommunity profile informationProviders of business contact informationResellers, referral and joint marketing partners, distributors, managed service providers, IAAS or PAAS partners, cloud providers, and other technical alliances Details about a potential customers’ software environment Resellers, referral and joint marketing partners, distributors, managed service providers, IAAS or PAAS partners, cloud providers, and other technical alliances User account information Vendors User account information Code repository platforms, such as GitHub Contact information Companies that host an event or sponsor an event We have checked that these third parties have an appropriate legal basis to provide us this Personal Data, such as your consent, a legitimate business interest, or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your Personal Data. In general, Personal Data we collect from you or about you from third parties is used for business and commercial purposes, for example to provide and maintain our Sites, Services, and New Relic Separate Platforms. Additionally, collecting this information enables us to better understand the visitors who come to our Sites, where they come from, and what content on our Sites is of interest to them. Read more New Relic uses your Personal Data for the following purposes: manage the security of our Sites, physical locations, networks, and systemsoperate, administer, analyze, develop, improve and optimize the use, function and performance of our Sites, Services, New Relic Separate Platforms and systemscomply with applicable laws and regulations and to operate our businessto manage code check-ins and pull requests for open source and community development projectsengage in transactions with customers, suppliers and business partners and to process orders for New Relic Services to provide New Relic Services, New Relic Separate Platforms, survey tools, payment processing services, or the certificate creation tool for New Relic Universityconduct research you agree to participate in or reach out to you to discuss any feedback you may submit, through meetings, surveys, or other toolsrespond to your queries and provide you with information and promotional material on New Relic when you initiate a webchattailor our marketing and sales activities to your company’s interests and in accordance with your communication preferences and your requests for information and to be contacted by New Relic tailor the purchase of Servicesfor purposes of targeted advertising, delivering relevant email content and event promotion to link or combine information about you with other Personal Data we get from third parties, to help understand your needs and provide you with better and more personalized serviceby creating anonymous data records from Personal Data in accordance with applicable law. Except as provided in this General Privacy Notice, we do not, and will not, sell Personal Data. Generally, we may disclose your Personal Data for our business purposes, such as to our service providers, partners or competent law enforcement bodies. Read More New Relic may disclose your Personal to a. Third party service providers. We engage with third parties to support our business and operations. For example some third party service providers offer services that we use to provide the Services, Sites, and New Relic Separate Platforms, such as cloud providers. b. Event sponsors and hosts. If you elect to do so, we may share Personal Data collected at New Relic events, such as FutureStack or New Relic’s seminars, with sponsors and hosts of such events, for valuable consideration from such sponsor or host to New Relic. Such sponsor or host may use it for their business or commercial purposes in accordance with their own privacy notices. c. Business partners. We contract with business partners, such as third party resellers, for our commercial purposes. For instance, if you fill out a form on our Sites, such as by signing up for a free New Relic account, ebook or webinar, or if you reach out to our Sales team, you may be contacted by a designated New Relic partner. d. Comply with our legal obligations.Where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person, we may disclose your Personal Data to any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party. e. New Relic entities. We may share your Personal Data within New Relic, such as with or between subsidiaries of New Relic, Inc. We and our subsidiaries will only use the information as described in this notice. f. Actual or potential buyers. In connection with any actual or proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer (and its agents and advisors) it must use your Personal Data only for the purposes disclosed in this General Privacy Notice. g. Other person(s). Where you provide consent to the disclosure or as allowed by applicable data protection law, we may share your information as described at the time of consent. When we use your Personal Data, we take care to ensure that it is used in an appropriate way. Our use of Personal Data is done under one of various legal bases, including for our legitimate interest, in performance of a contract or with your consent. If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your Personal Data, please see Section 16 (How to Contact Us) . Read More We will process your Personal Data and share that Personal Data in accordance with this Privacy Notice where: Its use is necessary for a contract you have entered into or because you have asked for something to be done so you can enter into a contract with usIts use is necessary because of a legal obligation that applies to us (except an obligation imposed by a contract). This may include responding to subpoenas, warrants or other requests served on New Relic anywhere in the world or to protect or defend the rights or property of New Relic or its users You have consented to its use in a specific way. For example where you have consented to receiving marketing materials. You may withdraw your consent at any time as further described in Section 9 (Your Choices and Data Protection Rights Its use is in accordance with our legitimate interests e.g. to manage our business, subject to those interests not overriding your fundamental rights and freedoms. This may include the activities and purposes described in Section 4 (How We Use Your Personal Data) and Section 5 (How We Share Your Personal Data) . In connection with due diligence efforts as part of a proposed sale, merger, or reorganization of our business or after a sale, merger, or reorganization If we ask you to provide Personal Data to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your Personal Data is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your Personal Data). We retain Personal Data we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements). This may also include situations where litigation is pending or ongoing and such information is subject to a legal hold. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your Personal Data, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your Personal Data has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your Personal Data and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible. Where we rely on your consent you have the right to withdraw it at any time in the manner indicated when you consent. If you have questions about or need further information concerning the retention of your Personal Data, please see Section 16 (How to Contact Us) . When you use our Services or Sites, your Personal Data may be transferred to, and processed in, countries where we or our service providers operate. These may be countries other than the country in which you are located These countries may have data protection laws that are different from the laws of your country. Read more If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), Switzerland, and/or the United Kingdom (UK) your Personal Data will be accessed by New Relic staff or suppliers, transferred, and/or stored outside the EEA, Switzerland and/or the UK.We take appropriate safeguards to require that your Personal Data will remain protected in accordance with this General Data Privacy Notice and as required by applicable data protection law, including: (i) requiring that our third-party service providers and partners employ an adequate method of transfer, such as the European Commission’s Standard Contractual Clauses (further details of which can be provided upon request).New Relic is also certified under the EU-U.S. & Swiss- U.S. Data Privacy Frameworks and adheres to the Data Privacy Framework principles with respect to transfers of personal data from the European Union (“EU”) and Switzerland to the United States. Please click here to read our Data Privacy Framework Notice. New Relic takes reasonable steps to ensure that the Personal Data we collect is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete and up to date. We offer certain data protection options to all individuals, including the ability to opt out of receiving marketing communications, to amend your personal data contained in your account, and to request we delete your account information. For more information on the rights and options you have, including jurisdiction-specific rights, please click Read More. Read More a. When it comes to your marketing choices, we offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your Personal Data. We will periodically send you newsletters and emails that directly promote the use of our Sites or the purchase of our Services (marketing communications) as the following applies : (i) in accordance with your marketing preferences, (ii) if you sign up for a New Relic account or other content, (iii) request to be contacted by New Relic and/or if you request information from New Relic. You can opt out of receiving marketing communications from us at any time by clicking (1) the 'unsubscribe' or ‘opt out’ link at the bottom of the marketing emails you receive, (2) adjusting your email preferences provided here , or (3) by sending an email to Privacy@newrelic.com. Please note that it may take up to three days to remove your contact information from our marketing communications lists, so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make your request. Your email preferences only affect marketing communications. You will not be able to opt out of service emails from us, such as transactional emails, or notices of updates to our Terms of Service, Services Privacy Notice, or this General Privacy Notice. Should you decide to opt-out of receiving future mailings, we will retain a record of your preference (including retaining your email address) and we may share your email address with third parties solely for the purpose of ensuring that you do not receive further marketing communications related to our Services from third parties. b. We apply certain data protection rights to all individuals , regardless of location. Specifically, you may correct or update Personal Data contained in your account by editing your profile within the registration portion of our Sites or sending an email to Privacy@newrelic.com. You may also request we delete your account information, or remove your Personal Data from a Site testimonial or our blog by sending an email to Privacy@newrelic.com. When you reach out to us, we will endeavor to respond without delay in accordance with applicable data protection laws. We may need to ask you additional clarifying questions in order to accurately respond to your request and to verify you are making the request in respect of your own Personal Data. With respect to deletion requests, we may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep Personal Data and not remove it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). We will let you know if we are unable to comply with this request and the reasons why. c. EEA & the United Kingdom In addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete Personal Data outlined above, persons located in the EEA or the United Kingdom have some additional data protection rightsunder EEA and UK data protection laws. These rights include the right to find out if we use your Personal Data, or to access your Personal Data. Also, you can object to the processing of Personal Data we process on the basis of our legitimate business interests, ask us to restrict processing, or request portability of your Personal Data. Where we have collected and processed your Personal Data on the basis of consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. You should note that withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to the withdrawal, nor will it affect the processing of your Personal Data where we relied on lawful bases other than consent.You have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority. If you are an EEA or UK individual and would like to make any of these requests, please submit your request to Privacy@newrelic.com d. California New Relic provides services to businesses and complies with the applicable provisions of the California Consumer Privacy Act. If you are a California resident, please see our California Privacy Notice . e. Nevada If you are a resident of Nevada, you have the right to submit a request that we do not sell to third parties certain types of personal information that we have collected or will collect about you. You can exercise this right by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Nevada Do Not Sell Request” and providing us with your name and the email address. Please note that we do not currently sell your personal data as the term “sale” is defined in Nevada Revised Statutes Chapter 603A. If you have any questions about New Relic’s privacy practices, you can contact us as described in Section 16 (How to Contact Us) If you are a Virginia resident, you have some additional data protection rights. under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act, in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete Personal Data outlined above. You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a portable copy of the Personal Data that you provided to us. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your personal data as the term “sale” is defined in the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. This means that New Relic may disclose personal data for targeted advertising in line with your choices. You have the right to opt out of the sale of your personal information. You may opt out of the disclosure of your personal data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Virginia Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. You have the right not to be discriminated against based on exercising your data protection rights, and we do not discriminate against any individual for doing so. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes. If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to the Virginia Attorney General at the following address https://www.oag.state.va.us/consumer-protection/index.php/file-a-complaint . If you have any questions about New Relic’s privacy practices, you can contact us as described in Section 16 (How to Contact Us) g. Colorado If you are a Colorado resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Colorado Consumer Privacy Act, in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete Personal Data outlined above. You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a portable copy of the Personal Data that you provided to us. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of decisions that produce legal or similarly significant effects concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your personal data as the term “sale” is defined in the Colorado Consumer Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Colorado Consumer Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose personal data for targeted advertising in line with your choices.You may opt out of the disclosure of your personal data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Colorado Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes. If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 45 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to the Colorado Attorney General by following the instructions here: https://complaints.coag.gov/s/contact-us . If you have any questions about New Relic’s privacy practices, you can contact us as described in Section 16 (How to Contact Us) h. Connecticut If you are a Connecticut resident, you have some additional data protection rights under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act in respect of Personal Data that we collect and/or process on you, which are in addition to the rights to correct, update, or request to delete such Personal Data as outlined above. You can request that we confirm if we actually process your Personal Data and request access to such Personal Data. You have the right to request a copy of your Personal Data processed by us in a portable and, to the extent technically feasible, readily usable format where the processing is carried out by automated means subject to applicable restrictions. You have the right to opt out of the processing of the Personal Data for purposes of targeted advertising, the sale of personal data, or profiling in furtherance of solely automated decisions that produce a legal or other significant impact concerning the consumer. Please note that New Relic does not “sell” your personal data as the term “sale” is defined in the Connecticut Data Privacy Act. New Relic engages in targeted advertising as that term is defined under the Connecticut Data Privacy Act. This means that New Relic may disclose personal data for targeted advertising in line with your choices. You may opt out of the disclosure of your personal data for targeted advertising by clicking on the Your Privacy Choices tab on www.newrelic.com or by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com with the subject line “Connecticut Do Not Disclose My Data for Targeted Advertising”. In order to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, we may require you to verify your credentials before you can submit a data protection request. If you do not have an account with us, or if we suspect that your account has been accessed without your authorization, we may ask you to provide additional personal information for verification purposes. If we refuse to take action on a data protection request that you have made, you may appeal our decision within a reasonable period of time by contacting us at privacy@newrelic.com and specifying that you wish to appeal. Within 60 days of our receipt of your appeal, we will inform you in writing of any action taken or not taken in response to the appeal, including a written explanation of the reasons for the decisions. If your appeal is denied, you may submit a complaint to the Connecticut Attorney General by following the instructions here: https://portal.ct.gov/AG/Common/Complaint-Form-Landing-page . If you have any questions about New Relic’s privacy practices, you can contact us as described in Section 16 (How to Contact Us) i. Australia Supplemental Data Protection Law Disclosures. New Relic will process Personal Data under this General Data Privacy Notice in accordance with the Australian Privacy Act 1988 and the Australia Privacy Principles. If you are an Australian resident and you are dissatisfied with our handling of a data subject right request or a complaint, you can always contact us at Privacy@newrelic.com. If you disagree with the resolution proposed by us, you may make a complaint to the Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (“OAIC”) by contacting the OAIC using the methods listed on their website http://www.oaic.gov.au. New Relic does not currently commit to responding to browser’s “do not track” or “DNT” preference across its Sites and Services, because no common industry standard for DNT has been adopted by industry groups, technology companies or regulators, including no consistent standard of interpreting user intent.New Relic takes privacy and choices regarding privacy seriously and will make efforts to continue to monitor the development around DNT browser technology and the implementation of a standard for DNT. Global Privacy Control is a browser setting that allows you to notify websites you visit about your privacy preferences. New Relic honors website visitors’ Global Privacy Control signals. We may partner with third party ad networks either to display advertising on our Sites or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner may use cookies and web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our Sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. To learn more about targeted advertising and advertising networks and about your ability to opt out of collection by certain third parties, please visit the opt-out pages of the Network Advertising Initiative, here , and the Digital Advertising Alliance, here . In addition, if you wish to opt-out of interest-based advertising click here (or, if located in the EU, click here ). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads. This General Privacy Notice applies to the use and disclosure of Personal Data that we collect as described herein. Our provision of a link to any other website or location is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such other website or location or its contents. When you click on such a link, you will leave our site and go to another site. During this process, a third party may collect Personal Data from you. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this General Privacy Notice do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of data after you click on a link to a third party. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any website you visit. Our Sites also include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets, such as the “Share this” button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Sites. Your interactions with these features are also governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. New Relic is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Data. We use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For instance, when you enter your credit card number on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). All account accesses require users to provide their username and password. It is the responsibility of each user to maintain this information in a secure manner. Despite these measures, you should know that New Relic cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Data and mistakes and security breaches may happen. If you have any questions about security on our Sites, you can contact us as described in Section 16 (How to Contact Us) . Our Sites are not directed to children and we do not intentionally gather Personal Data about visitors who are under the age of 16. If you learn that anyone younger than 16 (or of older age as applicable under the laws of your jurisdiction) has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us as described in Section 16 (How to Contact Us) , and we will take steps to delete such information. If you are a minor (as per the applicable laws in your jurisdiction) and are using this website, you may only do so with the consent of your parent or guardian. This General Privacy Notice may be changed from time to time, and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use your Personal Data, we will take appropriate measures to inform you, consistent with the significance of the changes we make. You can see when this General Privacy Notice was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this General Privacy Notice. This Privacy Notice is effective as of the date set out at the top of this Privacy Notice. It describes the categories of personal information that we have collected, disclosed for a business or commercial purpose and sold over the preceding twelve (12) months. New Relic has a Data Protection Officer and has nominated both local and global Data Protection Officers.If you have questions about how your Personal Data is collected, stored, shared or used, or if you wish to exercise any of your data rights, or if you have a disability and need to access this notice in an alternative format, please contact our Data Protection Officers at: By email: privacy@newrelic.com By mail: Attn: Legal Data Subject Request New Relic, Inc. 188 Spear Street Suite 1000 San Francisco, CA 94105 New Relic appointed New Relic International Limited as its EU data protection representative, and the Irish Data Protection Commissioner is New Relic supervisory authority. You can contact New Relic EU Representative at: 31-36 Golden Lane Dublin 8, Ireland Or by emailing privacy@newrelic.com attn: New Relic EU Representative. New Relic appointed New Relic UK Limited as its UK data protection representative, and the Information Commissioner’s Office is New Relic supervisory authority in the United Kingdom. You can contact New Relic UK Representative at: Strand Bridge House 138-142 The Strand London, England WC2R 1HL Or by emailing privacy@newrelic.com attn: New Relic UK Representative. For any complaints regarding our compliance with our privacy and security practices, please contact New Relic first. New Relic will investigate and attempt to resolve any complaints and disputes regarding our privacy practices. The data controller of your Personal Data for all countries that New Relic does business is New Relic, Inc., unless you have contracted directly with New Relic, K.K. in Japan, in which case New Relic, K.K. is the data controller. *Updated on August 10, 2023 with additional information on uses and disclosures on personal data. Prior VersionsAdobe Privacy Policy Last updated: April 20, 2023 The Adobe Privacy Policy describes the privacy practices of Adobe’s Services and Software (as defined in our General Terms of Use) and anywhere we display or reference this policy. If you are a resident of North America, your relationship is with Adobe Inc. (Adobe U.S.) and the laws of California and the United States apply. If you reside outside of North America, your relationship is with Adobe Systems Software Ireland Limited (Adobe Ireland), which is the controller with regard to your personal information collected by Adobe, and the laws of Ireland apply. Please note that in order to use our Services and Software, you acknowledge that Adobe will transfer your personal information across national borders and to other countries where Adobe and its partners operate, including the United States. The privacy protections and rights of authorities to access your information in these countries may not be equivalent to those in your country. We will only transfer your personal information to these countries where permitted to do so by law and we will take steps intended to ensure that your personal information continues to receive appropriate protections. For more information, please see the section “ Does Adobe transfer my personal information across national borders? ” If the content or information that you store in Adobe Services and Software contains personal information of other individuals, you must be legally permitted to disclose the personal information to Adobe. Summary of Key Points Where your consent is required, we will obtain your permission before (i) sending you news and promotional material about Adobe; (ii) accessing information stored on your device relating to your use of, and engagement with, Services and Software (e.g. Adobe Connect meetings) and crash reports; and (iii) analyzing your content. You can withdraw your consent to such activities at any time. Learn more This policy explains when we process personal information for our legitimate interests. You can ask us to stop processing this information. Learn more about your rights and how you can exercise them We use your personal information to enable you to register with Adobe and to provide you with our Services and Software, and other products or services that you request. Learn more . We provide interactive features that engage with social media sites, such as Facebook. If you use these features, these sites will send us personal information about you. Learn more . We use cookies and other technologies to track the use of our Services and Software. To learn about opportunities to choose not to allow cookies, click here . If you are using our website in a browser, this information is also available in our Cookies Policy . There are several places within Adobe’s Services and Software that allow you to post comments, upload pictures, or submit content which will be publicly available where you choose to participate in these activities. We also disclose personal information to other companies in the Adobe family and with advertising and sales partners consistent with your choices. We also disclose information with third parties we engage to process personal information on our behalf or when such sharing is required by law, or in certain other situations. Learn more . We transfer your personal information to the US and other countries, which may be outside the country in which you live. We use government-approved contractual clauses such as European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses to help protect your personal information. Learn more . What does this privacy policy cover? This privacy policy describes how Adobe (also referred to as "we," "us" or "our") will make use of your information in the context of: Adobe websites; web-based services such as Behance; and web-based aspects of the Creative Cloud, Document Cloud and Experience Cloud (together referred to as "websites");Services that display or include a reference to this policy;Adobe’s marketing, sales, and advertising practices; andThe privacy practices of previously acquired companies, unless otherwise noted here. Please note that websites and apps provided by some companies acquired by Adobe may operate under their own privacy policies until their privacy practices are integrated with Adobe's privacy practices. For a current list of these companies, click here . Additional privacy-related information for certain Adobe Services and Software can be found in the table below: Please also see the Adobe Terms of Use and any additional Terms of Use or Product License Agreements that may apply to the Services and Software you are using. What information does Adobe collect about me?Adobe ID, registration, and customer support When you register to use an Adobe Service, create an Adobe ID, purchase a license to our Services and Software, or contact us for support or other offerings, Adobe collects information that identifies you. This includes: Identifiers and contact information, such as: Name; Email address;Telephone number;Postal or Physical Address;Country;Account Password. Commercial and transaction information, such as: Payment/billing information (where an app or website is 'paid for');Licenses purchased;Eligibility information (e.g., student or teacher identification for student and teacher editions of apps);Content of and information provided through customer support communications (e.g., recorded customer and technical support calls and stored content of your correspondence with us via our website, chat features, phone calls, and other channels);Types of Services and Software of interest. Professional, education or other demographic information, such as: Date of birth;Company or school name;Title;Occupation;Job function;Expertise;Company details, such as the size, industry, and other information about the company where a user may work (when the user has provided the company name); Analytics or other electronic network activity, such as: IP address;Browser;Mobile Device ID;Browser extensions connected to your Adobe accounts. Inferred Information To help keep our databases current and to provide you the most relevant content and experiences, we may infer or generate information based on the information we collect or combine information provided by you with information from third party sources, in accordance with applicable law. For example, the size, industry, and other information about the company you work for (where you have provided company name) will be obtained from sources including, professional networking sites and information service providers. We may also infer, generate, or collect and receive information from third parties, including partners, and from publicly accessible sources, for purposes that include to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraudulent, deceptive or illegal activity, misuse of our Services and Software, security or technical issues, as well as to protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Adobe and our employees, our users, children, or the public. Adobe Services and Software We collect information you provide to us (e.g., when you access and use our Services and Software) or permit us to collect (e.g., as part of a third-party integration). We also collect or generate information about how you access and use our Services and Software, including when you use a desktop or mobile app feature that takes you online (such as a photo syncing feature). Depending on the Services and Software you access and use, this information may be associated with your device or browser or it may be associated with your Adobe account or content. It includes: Analytics or other electronic network activity, such as: IP address;Browser and device information, including browser and device type, settings, unique identifiers, version, language settings, and configuration;Webpage that led you to an Adobe website;Search terms entered into a search engine which led you to an Adobe website;Use and navigation of Services and Software, including how you interact with Adobe websites (collected through cookies and similar technologies, or by Adobe servers when you are logged into the app or website); Analysis of your use and navigation of the Services and Software as well as your content Professional, Education or other demographic information, such as: Profile information (e.g., account profile, public profile, Behance profile). Commercial and transaction information, such as: Content (e.g., documents, photos, videos, activity logs, direct feedback from you, and metadata about your content) which is sent or received using an online feature of Adobe Services and Software, or which is stored on Adobe servers. Sensitive personal information, such as: Biometric identifiers or information as defined under US laws (e.g., faceprints and voiceprints from your user Content, as defined in the Adobe General Terms of Use ) and precise geolocation. Where required by law, we will seek any required permissions from you prior to any such collection.See the "Adobe acting on your behalf" and "How we analyze your content to deliver features requested by you" sections below for more information. The following links provide further information on: Your privacy choices regarding how we use this information;Adobe products and services licensed by educational institutions ;How Adobe uses cookies and similar technologies ; andHow Adobe analyzes your content using techniques such as machine learning in order to improve our Services and Software, and how to opt out of this. Adobe Software activation and automatic updates When you activate your Adobe Software or when you install updates to the Software, we collect analytics or other electronic network activity information, such as: your device (manufacturer, model, IP address);the Adobe Software (version, date of activation, successful and unsuccessful updates);your product serial number (e.g., where this is required before you can start using your product). You can learn more about app activation here . Adobe emails Emails we send you may include a technology (called a web beacon ) that collects Analytics or other electronic network activity, such as whether you have received or opened the email, or clicked a link in the email. If you do not want us to collect this information, you can opt out of receiving Adobe marketing emails . Adobe online advertising Adobe advertises online in a variety of ways, including displaying Adobe ads to you on other companies' websites and apps and on social media platforms, such as Facebook and LinkedIn. Adobe websites use cookies, pixels, and similar technologies provided by our own company ( Adobe Experience Cloud ) and other companies that allow us to gather additional information to measure and improve the effectiveness of our advertising. We collect Analytics or other electronic network activity information such as: Which ads are displayed;Which ads are clicked on; and Where the ad was displayed. Learn more about Adobe’s advertising practices . Buttons, tools, and content from other companies Adobe Services and Software may include buttons, tools, or content that link to other companies’ services (for example, a Facebook "Like" button). We may collect information about your use of these features, such as content “liked” and address information in Google Maps. In addition, when you see or interact with these buttons, tools, or content, or view an Adobe web page or app containing them, some information from your browser may automatically be sent to the other company. Please read that company’s privacy policy for more information. Adobe websites may implement Google reCAPTCHA Enterprise to help prevent spam and abuse. reCAPTCHA Enterprise collects hardware and software information, such as device and application data, and sends it to Google for purposes of providing, maintaining, and improving reCAPTCHA Enterprise and for general security purposes. Your use of reCAPTCHA Enterprise is subject to Google’s Privacy Policy Adobe social networking pages and social sign-on services You can sign into some Adobe Services and Software using a social networking account, such as a Facebook account. Where you give appropriate permissions, we will receive contact and identifier information about you from your social networking account, such as name, country, and basic demographic information. Adobe has its own pages on many social networking sites (for example, the Adobe® Photoshop® team’s Facebook page). We will collect information which you have made publicly available on your social networking account, such as name and interests in our products and services, when you interact with our social networking pages. The social networking sites may provide statistics and insights to Adobe which help us understand the types of actions that people take on our pages. Where applicable, Adobe and the social media site(s) have entered into an arrangement which determines our respective responsibilities. You can learn more about Adobe’s practices with respect to social networking pages and account sign-on services here . Adobe acting on your behalf In certain instances, Adobe is acting only on your behalf for personal information collected and processed by our services (for example, for the address book contacts shared by users when entering recipient information). In such cases, Adobe is acting only on your instructions in order to facilitate the Service requested by you, and you will be responsible for the information shared. In these instances, we will inform you through in-app notifications or other in-time communications.If you submit any information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with your use of Adobe apps or websites, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this policy. How we analyze your content to deliver features requested by you Adobe offers certain features that let you edit and organize your photographs, videos, and other types of content using characteristics like face and voice (e.g., you can group similar faces, places, and image characteristics within your collection), and such characteristics may be considered biometric identifiers or biometric information under certain US laws or other applicable privacy laws. When you choose to use these features, Adobe is acting only on your instructions in order to facilitate the service requested by you. These features are off by default and, should you choose to enable them, you can always disable these features. Where we process biometric identifiers or biometric information to deliver a feature requested by you, we delete this information once you turn off the feature, unless otherwise specified in the Software or Services. Visiting our Physical Offices When you visit an Adobe office, we will collect Identifiers and Contact information such as your name, company name, and email address; and Audio, electronic, visual, or similar information including facial images and voice information such as from CCTV video or voice recordings and photos. How does Adobe use the information it collects about you, and what are the legal bases for these uses? Adobe uses the information we collect about you for the following purposes: To fulfill a contract, or take steps linked to a contract: this is relevant where you register to use an Adobe app or website (whether paid, or as a free trial).This includes:Providing you with the Adobe Services and Software for which you have registered, and any other services or products that you have requested; Administering product or platform skill/knowledge courses and other content, including testing and certifications (as applicable);Verifying your identity; Processing payments;Sending you necessary communications (for example, related to payments or expiration of your subscription); andProviding customer service or support. As required by Adobe to conduct our business and pursue our legitimate interests, in particular:Providing you with the Adobe Services and Software for which you have registered and any other products and services you have requested;Analyzing your use and measuring effectiveness of our Services and Software, including recordings, to better understand how they are being used so we can improve them and engage and retain users; Sending you information about Adobe products and services, special offers and similar information, and sharing your information with third parties for their own marketing purposes (where your consent is not required);Analyzing your use and navigation of our Services and Software, your content, your profile information, and your interaction with our communications, to tailor and customize the Services and Software, and marketing communications ( learn more ) (where your consent is not required); Analyzing your use and navigation of our Services and Software as well as your content and metadata about your content through techniques such as machine learning in order to detect and prevent fraudulent, deceptive, or, illegal activity, or misuse of our Services and Software, and improve our Services and Software and the user experience (where your consent is not required); Diagnosing problems in our Services and Software;Detecting, preventing, or otherwise addressing fraudulent, deceptive, or illegal activity, and misuse of Services and Software, security or technical issues, as well as protecting against harm to the rights, property or safety of Adobe, our users, or the public; Conducting surveys and market research about our customers, their interests, the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns, and customer satisfaction (unless we need consent to undertake such surveys, in which case we will only do this with your permission);Investigating and responding to any comments or complaints that you may send us;Checking the validity of the sort code, account number, and card number you submit if you use a credit or debit card for payment, in order to prevent payment fraud or other illegal or deceptive payment practices (we use third parties for this – see “Does Adobe disclose my personal information to others?” below); Sharing account information registered under a business email address with employers for account migration purposes;Combining with other data we may have about how you interacted with our products and services when logged out or logged in, in order to provide a more seamless experience, show you the most relevant content and services, and for marketing purposes, with your consent where required;If we merge with or are acquired by another company, sell an Adobe website, app, or business unit, or if all or a substantial portion of our assets are acquired by another company, your information will likely be disclosed to the prospective purchaser, our advisers and any other prospective purchaser's advisers and will be one of the assets that is transferred to the new owner; and In connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory and investigative purposes as necessary (including disclosure of information in connection with government agency requests, legal process or litigation). Where we process your information based on legitimate interests, you can object to this processing in certain circumstances. In such cases, we will cease processing information unless we have compelling legitimate grounds to continue processing or where it is needed for legal reasons. If legitimate interest is not an available legal basis in a particular jurisdiction, we will engage in the processing activities described above on a legal basis that is available in that particular jurisdiction.Where required, when you give Adobe your consent or otherwise consistent with your choices:Sending you information about Adobe products and services, special offers and similar information, and sharing your information with third parties for their own marketing purposes;Placing cookies and using similar technologies in our Services and Software and in email communications, in accordance with our Cookies Policy and the information provided to you when those technologies are used; Accessing information stored on your device relating to your use of, and engagement with, Services and Software (e.g., Adobe Connect meetings) and crash reports; Accessing information stored on your device which you allow us to receive through device-based settings (e.g., photos, location and camera) in order to provide certain functionality within our Services and Software; Analyzing your use and navigation of the Services and Software or your content (including metadata about your content) using techniques such as machine learning in order to detect and prevent fraudulent, deceptive, or illegal activity or misuse of the Services and Software, and improve our services and the user experience; and Allowing you to participate in sweepstakes, contests, and similar promotions and to administer these activities. On other occasions where we ask you for consent, we will use the information for the purposes which we explain at that time. Where we rely on consent to process information, you can withdraw your consent to such activities at any time. For legal reasons:Responding to requests by government or law enforcement authorities conducting an investigation. Using or disclosing information as reasonably necessary to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, potential deceptive or illegal activities, misuse of Services and Software or technical issues and software piracy (e.g., to confirm that software is genuine and properly licensed), helping to protect you as well as Adobe. Where this processing and these disclosures are not strictly required by law, Adobe may rely on its legitimate interests, where available, and those of third parties described above. Does Adobe disclose my personal information to others? Disclosing to other Data Controllers We will disclose your personal information within the Adobe family of companies for the purposes identified above (see a list of Adobe entities and our acquired companies ). We will also disclose your personal information with other third-party data controllers with your consent (where required by applicable law) or to provide any product or service you have requested (e.g., third-party integrations). Third-party data controllers may also use Adobe products and services to collect and process your personal information. If you are using an email address that is associated with a business domain (e.g., yourname@businessname.com) to access Adobe's Services and Software, or if you were invited to use the Services and Software by a business, we may provide your personal information to that business. Disclosing for Fraud Prevention, Safety and Security Purposes We will disclose personal information to companies that help us run our business to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, deception, illegal activity, misuse of Adobe Services and Software, and security or technical issues. Additionally, we will disclose personal information to companies, organizations, government authorities, or individuals outside of Adobe if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to detect, prevent, or protect against such fraudulent, deceptive, or illegal activity, misuse of our Services and Software, or security or technical issues, or where it is reasonably necessary to protect from harm the rights, property or safety of Adobe and our employees, our users, children, or the public as required or permitted by law. Disclosing to Data Processors We will also disclose your personal information to companies that help us run our business by processing personal information on behalf of Adobe for the purposes identified above. Such companies include providers of customer support services (including those that record or store communications), providers of analytics technologies that record and analyze your interaction with our websites to help us improve your experience including session replay partners, payment processing services, fraud monitoring and prevention, detecting and preventing deceptive or illegal activity or misuse of our Services and Software, email, social media, and other marketing platforms and service providers, and hosting services. We have entered into agreement with these companies as required by applicable law and require these companies to protect your personal information consistent with this Privacy Policy.Other Information Disclosure Adobe may also disclose your personal information: When you agree to the disclosure;When we have a good faith belief that we are required to provide information in response to a subpoena, court order, or other applicable law or legal process ( learn more ), or to respond to an emergency involving the danger of death or serious bodily harm;If we merge with or are acquired by another company, sell an Adobe website, app, or business unit, or if all or a substantial portion of our assets are acquired by another company, your information will likely be disclosed to the prospective purchaser, our advisers and any prospective purchaser's advisers and will be one of the assets that is transferred to the new owner. We may disclose or publish aggregate information that doesn’t specifically identify you, such as statistical information about visitors to our websites or statistical information about how customers use the Adobe Experience Cloud . Is my personal information displayed anywhere on Adobe’s websites or applications? There are several places within Adobe’s Services and Software that allow you to post comments, upload pictures, participate in message boards or chats, engage with blogs, share technical information, or submit other content for others to see. Sometimes you can limit who can see what you share, but there are some places where what you share can be seen by the general public or other users of the service. Such information can appear in search engine results or through other publicly available platforms and can be “crawled” or searched by third parties. For example, when users post content on message boards, online chats, blogs, and Community Forums, the information posted by the user will become public. Some online content may remain accessible publicly even after Adobe fulfils a request to delete the poster’s personal information. Please be careful when you share your personal information. Do not share anything you wouldn’t want publicly known unless you are sure you are posting it within an app or website that allows you to control who sees what you post. Please note that when you post messages on certain user forums on our websites and app, your email address or name and/or profile photo may be included and displayed with your message. You can find more information about managing your public profile here . To remove content you have shared on our Services and Software, please use the same feature you used to share the content. If another user invites you to participate in shared viewing, editing, or commenting of content, you may be able to delete your contributions, but usually the user who invited you has full control. If you have questions or concerns about this, please contact us Is my personal information secure? We work hard to protect your personal information. We employ administrative, technical, and physical security controls where appropriate, such as encryption, 2-step verification, and appropriate contractual confidentiality obligations for employees and contractors. Where does Adobe store my personal information? Your personal information and files are stored on Adobe’s servers and the servers of companies we engage to provide services to us. Does Adobe transfer my personal information across national borders? The main locations where we process your personal information are Ireland, the US and India, but we also transfer personal information to all other countries in the world where our Services and Software are available. We carry out these transfers in compliance with applicable laws – for example, by putting data transfer agreements in place to help protect your personal information. If you reside outside of North America, your relationship is with Adobe Ireland. Where Adobe Ireland transfers your personal information to a country which is not within the EEA and is not subject to an adequacy decision by the EU Commission, we rely on one or more of the following legal mechanisms: European Commission approved Standard Contractual Clauses and/or your consent in certain circumstances. A copy of the relevant mechanism can be provided for your review upon request, using the contact details provided at the end of this Privacy Policy. For more information about how Adobe Ireland transfers European personal information, please see Cross-border data transfers . The information above applies to Adobe users who are consumers. More information is available for our business customers that want to learn more about Cross-border data transfers What rights do I have regarding my personal information and how can I exercise these rights?Under the law of some jurisdictions, you may have the right to ask us for a copy of your personal information; to correct, delete or restrict (stop any active) processing of your personal information; and to obtain the personal information you provide to us for a contract or with your consent in a structured, machine readable format, and to ask us to share (port) this information to another controller. You may be entitled to additional rights based on applicable data privacy laws in your jurisdiction. In addition, you can object to the processing of your personal information in some circumstances (such as where we are using the information for direct marketing). These rights may be limited, for example, if fulfilling your request would reveal personal information about another person, or if you ask us to delete information which we are required by law to keep or which we need to defend claims against us. In addition, Adobe websites recognize the Global Privacy Control available in some web browsers. If your browser is configured to send this signal, Adobe will opt you out of Adobe’s use of advertising cookies on that browser. You can learn more about Adobe’s advertising practices and your privacy choices here . To exercise any of these rights (including deactivating your Adobe ID account), you can get in touch with us – or our data protection officer – using the details set out below. Additionally, many of our Services and Software allow you to edit your personal information by accessing the " my account ," "my profile," or a similar feature of the service you are using. Likewise, you can delete files or photos you have stored in our Services and Software by logging in and using the deletion functions that are available. If you have unresolved concerns, you have the right to report them to your local privacy regulator or data protection authority and, where applicable, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with Adobe Ireland's lead supervisory authority, the Irish Data Protection Commission. When you are asked to provide personal information, you may decline. And you may use web browser or operating system controls to prevent certain types of automatic data collection. But if you choose not to provide or allow information that is necessary for certain services or features, those services or features may not be available or fully functional. For example, to register with Adobe, to create an Adobe ID, and to use some Adobe Services and Software, the provision of some information is mandatory: if relevant information is not provided, then we will not be able to administer an Adobe account to you, or provide you with the Services and Software requested. Other optional information, if not provided, may impact our ability to provide a personalized experience or tailored content or offerings. What rights do I have in my state? In addition to the rights above, see Additional US State Privacy Rights for more information. Withdrawing consent or otherwise objecting to direct marketing The Adobe family of companies (see list of Adobe entities and our acquired companies ) and companies we hire to help market our Services and Software on our behalf may use your information to provide you with information and offers related to Adobe. Where we rely on your consent, you will always be able to withdraw that consent, although we may have other legal grounds for processing your information for other purposes, such as those set out above. In some cases, we are able to send you direct marketing without your consent, where we rely on our legitimate interests. You have an absolute right to opt-out of direct marketing, or profiling we carry out for direct marketing, at any time by: updating your preferences in your Adobe ID profile;updating your preferences in your specific website or app accounts;clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our marketing emails; orcontacting us using the details provided at the end of this privacy policy. Click here for further information on your choices regarding our marketing practices. What information is collected by companies using Adobe Experience Cloud solutions? Adobe Experience Cloud solutions help our business customers personalize and improve the performance of their websites, apps, and marketing messages. For example, these customers may use Adobe Experience Cloud solutions to collect and analyze information about how individuals use their websites ( learn more ). The information collected is stored in our services on behalf of and for use by these business customers. How long does Adobe retain my information? When you register for an account and create an Adobe ID, we process and keep most personal information we process on your behalf have about you for as long as you are an active user of our Services and Software. We delete certain personal information we collect about you when we no longer have a business reason to retain it.When you close your account, we begin deleting certain personal information that we no longer have a business reason to retain, such as your hashed password and your tokenized payment account data. Additionally, there is some we typically retain personal information we need to retain even after you close your account to comply with legal requirements, such as personal information related to our contract and business transactions with you, which we need to retain for ten years after your last interaction with us. Where we process personal information for marketing purposes or with your consent, we process the information until you ask us to stop and for a short period after this (to allow us to implement your requests). We also keep a permanent record of the fact that you have asked us not to send you direct marketing or to process your information so that we can respect your request in the future. Can children use Adobe websites and apps? Adobe Services and Software are not intended for minors under the age of 13, except in limited situations where certain Creative and Document Cloud applications may be available to children for educational purposes under the direct supervision of a teacher or parent. For more information about the collection and use of this and other student data (for students over the age of 13) please see the Adobe & Student Privacy page for more details. Additionally, Adobe makes available a Privacy for Younger Users page to provide information for younger users of Adobe’s Services and Software (who are over 13 years of age) in an age appropriate format. All other Adobe Services and Software are not intended for use by children and certain Services and Software specifically prohibit users who are under a certain age. If you do not meet applicable age requirements, please do not use those Services and Software. Will this privacy policy change? Occasionally, we may update this privacy policy (or other documents in the Adobe Privacy Center) to allow Adobe to accommodate new technologies, industry practices, regulatory requirements or for other purposes. If we do, we will change the "last updated" date at the top of this policy and the revised policy will be posted to this page so that you are aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we may disclose it. We encourage you to periodically review the Adobe Privacy Center for the latest information on our privacy practices. Under certain circumstances (for example with certain material changes or where it is required by applicable privacy laws) we will provide notice to you of these changes and, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent. Notice may be by email to you, by posting a notice of such changes on our Services and Software, or by other means consistent with applicable law. Who can I contact with questions or concerns? If you have a privacy question, concern, or request, please fill out a privacy inquiry form . If you are outside North America, you can also get in touch with Adobe Ireland's data protection officer at DPO@Adobe.com or by postal mail at 4-6 Riverwalk, Citywest Business Park, Dublin 24, Ireland. Adobe Data Protection Office Email: DPO@adobe.com For Marketo specific privacy questions, concerns, or requests please contact us by email at privacyofficer@marketo.com . For Magento specific privacy questions, concerns, or requests please contact us by email at privacy@magento.com . For Workfront specific privacy questions, concerns, or requests please contact us by email at privacy@workfront.com . For Allegorithmic specific privacy questions, concerns or requests please contact us by email at privacy@allegorithmic.com . For practices that are covered by our PR P Certification , if you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at http s://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request .Shop for Creative Cloud Photoshop Adobe Express Photography Premiere Pro Adobe Stock Elements Family Document Cloud Acrobat Acrobat Sign Special offers View plans and pricing View all products For business Creative Cloud for teams Creative Cloud for enterprise Document Cloud for business For education Discounts for students and teachers Schools and universities Digital Learning Solutions For mobile Apps for iOS Apps for Android Experience Cloud What is Experience Cloud? Analytics Experience Manager Commerce Marketo Engage Workfront Terms of Use Support Download and install Help Center Adobe Support Community Enterprise Support Genuine software Resources Adobe Blog Adobe Developer Adobe Account Log in to your account Adobe About Careers Newsroom Corporate responsibility Investor Relations Supply chain Trust Center Events Diversity and inclusion Integrity Featured products Adobe Acrobat Reader Adobe Express Photoshop Illustrator Privacy Terms of Use Cookie preferences Do not sell or share my personal information AdChoices Language Navigation Language Navigation Choose your region Selecting a region changes the language and/or content on Adobe.com. AmericasEurope, Middle East and AfricaAsia Pacific Locale Modalv2 We have detected you are visiting a different region on adobe.com Chat with usPrivacy Notice Published on: 23 May 2018 Last updated on: 18 May 2023 This is the Privacy Notice for the F5 and NGINX brands. It explains the way that F5, Inc. and its affiliates (collectively "F5") handle information about you that is collected in the contexts described below. Management of our customer relationships, including through accounts you set up with F5.Sales, including through resellers, distributors, partners, and third-party marketplaces.Our certification programs.Our training programs, including F5 University.Our events.Our marketing and advertising programs.Our investor relations.Management of our websites and apps in relation to any of the above. Under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and other similar laws, F5 is considered a “controller” of that data because F5 determines how that data will be handled. F5, Inc. is typically the primary controller within the F5 group of companies. This Privacy Notice also applies to personal data F5 receives in the context of providing its services (the “ Services ”). For many Services, F5 acts only as a “processor” (not a controller) with respect to the personal data it collects through the Service. This means that F5 handles the personal data solely pursuant to the relevant customer’s instructions, unless legally required to do otherwise. The Service-specific Privacy Statements below explain F5’s role as a controller or processor with respect to particular Services and provide additional privacy information. 1. What types of Personal Data does F5 collect? We collect, store, and use the following categories of personal data: Contact details and professional details, such as name, email address, phone number, title, and employer's name.Information about our users' experiences with F5 products, services, websites, events, webinars, and online forums and communities, such as DevCentral.Contact information derived from interactions with F5 by our actual or prospective customers’ employees (e.g., interactions with customer service).Information about actual or prospective users' interests. Payment information for purchases with F5.Audio and visual information, such as CCTV footage and recordings of some calls, meetings and events.Additional details about certification candidates, including:Identity documents and other personal data collected solely to authenticate the candidate's identity and for test security (such as photographs, fingerprints, or palm vein scans).Personal data submitted for test accommodations (such as information about health or language concerns). Test results. Other personal data collected in connection with our Services, as described in the relevant Service-specific Privacy Statement. We obtain personal data directly from you or your employer; from third-party sources such as our Unity Partners (which include resellers and distributors); third-party marketplaces where our products are offered (such as AWS and Google Cloud Platform); data brokers (such as Dun & Bradstreet); marketing companies; referrals from customers, and users; and from publicly available sources such as company websites and LinkedIn. Through some Services, we obtain personal data from our customers, or from individuals who interact with our customers or their online properties. In some cases, F5 collects personal data through the technology described in Section 7 below. 2. How does F5 use and disclose Personal Data with others? F5 uses and discloses personal data for the following purposes: To analyze, improve, and develop F5 products and Services.To provide our products, Services, events, websites, communities, training, and other business offerings.To process payments.To manage our relationships with customers, partners, resellers, distributors, event attendees, investors, and others (which may involve disclosing personal data to them).For marketing, advertising, and other communications (including customizing those communications for specific recipients). To provide a third party (such as an employer) with confirmation or denial of an individual's claimed certification status.For surveys and other market research.For security, IT management, and related research.To enforce the legal terms that govern our business and commercial relationships (for example, we may disclose personal information with the opposing party, judge or arbitrator in a dispute).To provide security and business continuity.To follow the law, or in other cases where we believe that using or disclosing the data is appropriate to protect the rights, safety, and property of F5 or others (for example, when required to make disclosures in response to lawful requests by public authorities, such as to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).For an actual or contemplated business sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, or reorganization, or due diligence in anticipation of such an event (for example, if a company were to acquire F5, it may also acquire the personal data we hold).For other purposes requested or permitted by our customers or users. For those purposes, we may disclose personal data to, for example: our affiliates;our customers;service providers, vendors, and other third parties that assist us, such as our Unity Partners , event providers, payment processors, marketing providers, testing providers, analytics providers, providers of technical services (e.g., providers of data storage, data backup, and CRM systems), and other subcontractors;joint marketing partners;security researchers; employers and others who seek verification of an individual’s claimed certification status;entities involved in dispute resolution (such as an arbitrator or an opposing party);entities involved in potential or actual significant corporate transactions or events (such as those described in the second-to-last item in the list of uses and disclosures above);governmental entities. These uses and disclosures are also subject to our contractual obligations. 3. What are the legal reasons F5 can do this? The laws in some jurisdictions require data controllers to tell you about the legal grounds that allow them to use or disclose your personal data. Where those laws apply, our legal grounds are: Legitimate interests : We handle personal data because it furthers the legitimate interests of F5 (or of our customers, business partners, or suppliers) in business activities such as the ones listed below, and because that handling of data does not unduly impact your interests, rights, and freedoms:Providing cybersecurity and managing information technology assetsProtecting business activities, individuals, and propertyProviding customer serviceMarketing and advertising (including sending certain direct marketing) Analyzing and improving business activitiesManaging risks and legal issues To honor our contractual commitments to the individual : Some of our handling of personal data is necessary to meet our contractual obligations to individuals, or to take steps at the person's request because we are planning to enter into a contract with him/her. For example, when we process an individual’s payment data for a certification examination, we are relying on this basis. Consent : If the law requires consent, and in some other cases, we handle personal data on the basis of consent. For example, we conduct some of our direct marketing on the basis of consent.If the law requires explicit consent, we use personal data on that basis.If the law allows, we may be able to infer consent from the circumstances. Legal compliance : We sometimes need to use and disclose personal data to comply with our legal obligations. Legal claims : Sometimes we use or disclose personal data because it is necessary to establish, exercise, or defend legal claims. 4. What Personal Data rights and choices (including direct marketing opt-out) are available? For personal data that we collect through our Services, the Privacy Statement for each Service has instructions for how you can exercise your legal rights with respect to such data. Where we process such data solely on behalf of a customer, those instructions typically will indicate that you should contact the customer to exercise those rights. In those cases, if you contact F5 instead, we normally will refer your request to the relevant customer (if we know who that is) and will cooperate with that customer’s handling of the request, subject to any special contractual arrangement with that customer. For other personal data (including certain personal data we collect through some of our Services), we offer the options below for exercising your rights and choices about how we use your personal data. Many of these are subject to important limits or exceptions under applicable laws and, where applicable, the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Frameworks (“Privacy Shield”). You may review and update certain information by logging into the relevant F5 websites or online services.Our marketing email messages, and certain other communications include instructions about how to unsubscribe, which you can use to limit or stop those communications. Opt-out processes may take some time to complete, but we will work to meet your request quickly. You cannot opt out of certain communications (such as billing-related communications or emergency service messages).You can exercise opt-out rights, object, or withdraw consent in relation to our use of certain cookies and certain similar technologies as described in Section 7 below.The law of your jurisdiction (for example, within the United Kingdom and European Economic Area) may give you additional rights to request access to, correction of, or deletion of certain personal data we store. In some cases, you may be entitled to receive a copy of the personal data you provided to us in portable form or to request that we disclose it to a third party. The law may also give you the right to request restrictions on the use of your personal data, to object to our use of your personal data, or to withdraw your consent to use your personal data (which will not affect the legality of any processing that happened before your request takes effect). Section 12 below explains how to make these requests. For example, people who live in the United Kingdom or European Economic Area (and certain other people) have the right to opt out of our use of personal data for direct marketing. They can exercise their rights to opt out, or to object to other processing, by contacting us as described below. For information about Californians’ privacy rights under California law, please see Section 13 below. You may contact us with any concerns or complaints regarding our privacy practices, and you also may submit a complaint to the relevant governmental authority. (Individuals whose personal data we receive under our Privacy Shield certification also may file a Privacy Shield-related complaint, as described in the Privacy Shield section below.) For your protection, we will only implement requests with respect to personal data after we have verified your identity to our satisfaction, taking into consideration the nature of your request. 5. Does the personal data go to other countries? We are a global company with headquarters in the United States, and the F5 affiliates and third parties to whom we disclose the personal data as described in this Privacy Notice are located in the United States and elsewhere in the world, including countries where data protection laws may not provide as much protection as your country. Your personal information may be subject to disclosure to the governments, courts or law enforcement or regulatory agencies of these or other countries, pursuant to the laws of such countries. F5 complies with legal requirements for protecting the movement of data across borders, including through the use of European Commission-approved Standard Contractual Clauses. Please note that our customers may transfer personal data to F5 on the basis of legal mechanisms approved by the European Commission and other relevant authorities for transferring data across borders, such as Standard Contractual Clauses. If you wish to exercise a right to see copies of the mechanisms that F5 uses to transfer data to third parties, please contact us. Finally, certain F5 services allow our customers and users to transfer data to third parties. Those customers and users are solely responsible for those transfers. 6. How does F5, Inc.’s Privacy Shield certification protect my data? As a business subject to the investigatory and enforcement authority of the United States Federal Trade Commission, F5, Inc. has certified it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles with respect to the personal data that F5, Inc. receives in reliance on the Privacy Shield. We continue to honor our commitments with respect to personal data received under our certification. This certification is limited to personal data that meets all of the following conditions: (i) F5, Inc. receives the data in the U.S. from a “transfer” from the United Kingdom, European Economic Area or Switzerland (as such term is defined under the laws of such jurisdictions), (ii) F5, Inc. receives the personal data via a Service, and (iii) the Service-specific Privacy Statement indicates that F5’s Privacy Shield commitment applies to that Service. We recognize that the Court of Justice of the European Union ruled in July 2020 that a certification under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework no longer can serve as the basis by which entities subject to the GDPR export Personal Data to the United States, and that the United Kingdom and Switzerland have since reached similar conclusions. As affected customers who relied only on EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield certifications transition to Standard Contractual Clauses and other safeguards, we continue to honor our legal obligation to comply with the Privacy Shield. F5, Inc.’s Privacy Shield certification is available at https://www.privacyshield.gov/list . To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov . When F5, Inc. receives personal data under the Privacy Shield and then transfers it to a third-party service provider acting as an agent on F5, Inc.’s behalf, F5, Inc.may have certain responsibility under the Privacy Shield if both (i) the agent processes the information in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield and (ii) F5, Inc. is responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. Covered individuals should direct any questions, concerns or complaints regarding F5, Inc.’s compliance with the Privacy Shield to us as described at the bottom of this Policy. We will attempt to answer your questions and satisfy your concerns as soon as possible. F5, Inc. commits to cooperate with EU data protection authorities (DPA’s) and the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (FDPIC) and to comply with the advice given by such authorities with regard to non-human resources data transferred from the EU and Switzerland. 7. Does F5 use cookies and similar technology? In our websites, apps, and emails, we and third parties may collect certain information by automated means such as cookies, web beacons, JavaScript, mobile-device functionality and other computer code. This information may include unique browser identifiers, IP address, browser and operating system information, device identifiers (such as the Apple IDFA or Android Advertising ID), geolocation, other device information, Internet connection information, as well as details about your interactions with our apps, websites, and emails (for example, the URL of the third-party website from which you came, the pages on our website that you visit, and the links you click on in our websites). We and third parties may use these automated means to read or write information on your devices, such as in various types of cookies and other browser-based or plugin-based local storage (such as HTML5 storage or Flash-based storage), or to collect pieces of information that together may uniquely identify your device. Cookies and local storage are files that contain data, such as unique identifiers, that we or a third party may transfer to or read from your devices for the purposes described in this Privacy Notice, such as to recognize the devices, to improve your use of our website and services, for cybersecurity, to prevent fraud, to provide services, and for record-keeping, analytics, and marketing, depending on the context of collection. These technologies help us: Keep track of whether you are signed in or have previously signed in so that we can display all the features that are available to you.Remember your settings on the pages you visit so that we can display your preferred content the next time you visit.Display personalized content.Perform analytics, measure traffic and usage trends, and better understand the demographics of our users.Review and analyze user journeys on our websites and apps, such as how users engage with, linger on, navigate, and scroll through our services during a visit. Diagnose and fix technology problems.Plan for and enhance our business. Also, in some cases, we assist with the collection of information by advertising services provided by third parties. The ad services may track your online activities over time by collecting information through automated means such as cookies, and they may use this information to show you ads that are tailored to your individual interests or characteristics and/or based on your prior visits to certain sites or apps, or other information we or they know, infer, or have collected from the users like you. For example, we and these services may use different types of cookies, other automated technology, and data to: Recognize users and their devices.Inform, optimize, and serve ads.Report on our ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services (including how they are related to visits to specific sites or apps). Below, you can find options for adjusting your preferences for our use of various technologies on our websites in a particular browser. For most of the cookie preference options described below, your opt-out will be stored a cookie. That means that you can undo your opt-out by manually clearing the cookies in your browser or by using a browser that automatically clears cookies. Depending on where you are and some other factors, this may reactivate the sorts of cookies that your previous preference had stopped. If you do that and then decide to opt-out again for that browser, you will need to perform the relevant opt-out steps again in that browser. By clicking on the cookie hyperlink in the footer of participating F5 websites, you can launch a consent tool to adjust your preferences about how certain cookies and certain similar technologies are used in F5 websites that hyperlink to that same preferences tool from their footer. You should repeat this process with each browser you use to visit those websites. This is the best way to control cookies on the sites that offer this option.Analytics opt-outs: You can opt out of Google Analytics and customize Google Display Network ads by using the Google Ads Settings page from each browser. Google also allows you to install a Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for most browsers. To learn more about interest-based advertising generally, or to use a different method to opt out of targeted, interest-based ads by some of our current ad service partners, visit aboutads.info/choices or youronlinechoices.eu from each browser you use. In addition, you may be able to set your web browser to refuse certain types of cookies, or to alert you when certain types of cookies are being sent. Some browsers offer similar settings for HTML5 local storage, and Flash storage can be managed as described here . However, if you block or otherwise reject our cookies, local storage, JavaScript or other technologies, certain websites (including some of our own websites) may not function properly. If you replace, change, or upgrade your browser, or delete your cookies, you may need to use these opt-out tools again. Please visit your mobile device manufacturer's website (or the website for its operating system) for instructions on any additional privacy controls in your mobile operating system, such as privacy settings for device identifiers and geolocation. Please note, however, that we do not respond to browser-based privacy signals (such as do-not-track) at this time. 8. How long does F5 store Personal Data? We will retain personal data as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Notice unless the law requires us to keep it for a longer period of time. To provide security and business continuity for the activities described in this Privacy Notice, we make backups of certain data, which we may retain for longer than the original data. 9. What about security? To help protect personal data, we have put in place physical, technical, and administrative safeguards. However, we cannot assure you that data that we collect will never be used or disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Notice. 10. What about other kinds of data? If the law and our contractual obligations allow, we may aggregate or de-identify your personal data so that the information cannot be linked to you and is no longer personal data. Our use and disclosure of non-personal data is not subject to this Privacy Notice, and we may use or disclose it for any reason permitted by law. 11. What happens when this Privacy Notice changes? F5 may change this Privacy Notice at any time, including to reflect changes in the law or our data practices. Any updated Privacy Notice will be accessible from the footer of f5.com or another convenient location. 12. How to contact us To request to exercise your data protection rights under the GDPR or other laws (besides the CCPA), please visit the General DSR Portal . For CCPA Requests only for California Residents, please follow the instructions below for California-specific rights. For security and legal reasons, F5 reserves the right to deny requests that require us to access third-party websites or services. If you have any other request, question, or complaint regarding your personal data or this Privacy Notice, please complete the form below or: F5, Inc. Attn: Privacy Office 801 5th Ave Seattle, Washington 98104 United States Main European office: NGINX Attn: Privacy Office 3rd Floor, 89/90 South Mall Cork, Ireland T12 RPPO UK Office: F5 Networks Limited Attn: Privacy Office Chertsey Gate West 43-47 London Street, Chertsey Surrey KT16 8AP United Kingdom Data Protection Officer: Dr. Felix Wittern Fieldfisher Am Sandtorkai 68 20457 Hamburg Germany f5.dpo@fieldfisher.com 13. Special details for California residents This Section 13 applies only to “personal information” about California residents, as that term is defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”), and it supplements the information in the rest of our F5 Privacy Notice above. Data about individuals who are not residents of California is handled differently and is not subject to the same rights described in this Section.This Section does not apply to data that F5 handles in its capacity as a processor or “service provider” under the CCPA, even when such data is about a resident of California, or to other data or activities that are not subject to the privacy policy provisions of the CCPA. Collection, Retention, and Use of California Personal Information We collect (and during the 12 months leading up to the effective date of this Privacy Notice we did collect) the categories of personal information described below. We intend to retain this information for as long as we feel it is necessary for the purposes described further below, or for any longer period required by law. Because we may collect and use the same category of personal information for different purposes and in different contexts, there is not typically a fixed retention period that always will apply to a particular category of personal information. Examples of how long we normally intend to retain personal information in certain situations are set forth below. Category of personal information Examples of how long we normally plan to keep this information identifiers (such as name, address, email address and other contact information) We may retain certain identifiers associated with points of contact within existing customers for the duration of the customer’s contract with F5, and for 2 years after that for related administration and sales purposes. We may retain identifiers associated with non-customer persons collected in the context of sales until 1 year after they unsubscribe from emails, or 1 year after the person’s last interaction with F5 (whichever is greater) for analytics purposes. commercial information (such as information about an individual’s interests and interactions with F5, our partners, or our customers, including transaction data); We may retain certain information on a person’s interest in our products for up to 1 year after the person’s last interaction with F5, or 2 years after the end of a customer’s contract with F5 for sales and marketing purposes. financial data (such as payment information) We may retain financial data for 7 years in support of financial statements/filings and key financial or business process controls. health information If we collect health information from a certification candidate in a request for an accommodation, we dispose of it shortly after making an accommodation decision. For more detail about retention of health information and other categories of data in the context of our F5 Certified! Professional Certification Program, please see that program’s Privacy Statement . audio and visual information (such as CCTV images or recordings of calls or meetings) If a customer contacts us for customer support on certain recorded lines, we often retain recordings of those conversations for one year. biometric information (such as palm vein prints collected from certification candidates for identity verification and test security) If an F5 Certified!testing partner collects fingerprints or palm vein scans for test security, the standard retention period is three years. However, during active investigations or in connection with legal matters as permitted by law, this biometric data may be retained for six years or longer, except for candidates in Illinois, for whom absent a valid warrant or subpoena issued by a court of competent jurisdiction, or a legal requirement that takes precedence over the Biometric Information Privacy Act (BIPA), this data is purged after three years.. internet or other network or device activity (such as IP addresses, device identifiers, cookie data, device attributes, device usage information, browsing information, metadata, and other information described in Section 7 of our Privacy Notice or Service-specific Privacy Statements) We retain the California IP address associated with account logins on our own websites for several years for account authentication, fraud detection, and other cybersecurity purposes. account login credentials We retain account login credentials for the duration of the account and may further retain them for fraud prevention and cybersecurity purposes. professional or employment related data (such as title) We may retain various forms of professional related data received in the sales context for 1 year after the person’s (or their organization’s) last interaction with F5, or 2 years after the end of a customer’s contract with F5 for sales and marketing purposes. inferences drawn from any of the above We often retain inferences for the same period of time for which we retain the underlying data. F5 uses personal information for the following purposes: To analyze, improve, and develop F5 products and services.To provide our products, services, events, websites, communities, training, and other business offerings.To process payments.To manage our relationships with customers, partners, resellers, distributors, event attendees, investors, and others.For marketing, advertising, and other communications (including customizing those communications for specific recipients).To provide a third party (such as an employer) with confirmation or denial of an individual's claimed certification status. For surveys and other market research.For security, IT management, and related research.To enforce the legal terms that govern our business and commercial relationships.To provide security and business continuity.To follow the law, or in other cases where we believe that using or disclosing the data is appropriate to protect the rights, safety, and property of F5 or others (for example, when required to make disclosures in response to lawful requests by public authorities, such as to meet national security or law enforcement requirements). For an actual or contemplated business sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, or reorganization, or due diligence in anticipation of such an event.For other purposes requested or permitted by our customers or users. “Sale,” “Sharing,” and Related Opt-out As described further below, some of our disclosures of personal information qualify under the CCPA as what it defines as a “sale” or “sharing” of personal information. During the 12 months leading up to the effective date of this Privacy Notice, we “sold” and “shared” (as those terms are defined under the CCPA), what the CCPA calls “identifiers” (like IP addresses), “internet or other electronic network activity information” (like information regarding an individual’s browsing interactions on a website), and “commercial information” (like the fact that a browser visited a page directed to people who are considering purchasing from us) to third parties that assist us, such as marketing providers and analytics providers. This practice continues today. To our knowledge, we do not “sell” or “share” (as those terms are defined under the CCPA) the personal information of individuals under 16 years of age. You can exercise your right to opt out of those disclosures by following the instructions on our Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information ” form. (You also can exercise this right by leaving a voicemail with such request at +1 (844) 311-6885 and following the instructions we send you, but this option is slower.) Your browser may also offer a way to activate the Global Privacy Control signal (“GPC”). Our websites each treat qualifying browsers for which the user has activated the GPC signal as having opted out of what CCPA calls a “sale” of any California personal information that is collected on that site from that browser using cookies and similar technology. You can override that treatment for a GPC-enabled browser by using the cookie controls available from the website’s footer to opt into particular categories of cookies from that browser. In that case, “sales” via cookies and similar technology in those categories may resume on that browser.Opting out of “sales” and “sharing” limits only some types of disclosures of personal information, and there are exceptions to all of the rights described in this section. Other Disclosures of Personal Information The following chart indicates the categories of personal information that we collected and the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed this data during the 12 months leading up to the effective date of this Privacy Notice. Category of personal information Categories of entities to whom we disclosed it identifiers (such as name, address, email address and other contact information) Our affiliates.Our customers.Third parties that assist us, such as our Unity Partners , event providers, payment processors, marketing providers, testing providers, analytics providers, providers of technical services (e.g., providers of data storage, data backup, and CRM systems), and other subcontractors.Joint marketing partners.Security researchers.Employers and others who seek verification of an individual’s claimed certification status. Entities involved in dispute resolution (such as an arbitrator or an opposing party).Entities involved in potential or actual significant corporate transactions or events.Governmental entities. commercial information (such as information about an individual’s interests and interactions with F5, our partners, or our customers, including transaction data); Same as first row in this chart. financial data (such as payment information) Same as first row in this chart. health information, such as that collected from some certification candidates who request an accommodation Affiliates, testing providers, providers of technical services (e.g., providers of data storage, data backup), other subcontractors, and governmental entities. audio and visual information (such as CCTV images or recordings of calls or meetings) Same as first row in this chart. biometric information (such as photographs and palm vein prints collected from certification candidates for identity verification and test security) Affiliates, testing providers, providers of technical services (e.g., providers of data storage, data backup), other subcontractors, and governmental entities. internet or other network or device activity (such as IP addresses, device identifiers, cookie data, device attributes, device usage information, browsing information, metadata, and other information described in Section 7 of our Privacy Notice or Service-specific Privacy Statements) Same as first row in this chart. geolocation information Same as first row in this chart. account login credentials Affiliates, providers of technical services (e.g., providers of data storage, data backup), other subcontractors. professional or employment related data (such as title) Same as first row in this chart. other information that identifies or can be reasonably associated with an individual Same as first row in this chart. inferences drawn from any of the above Same as first row in this chart. We do not use or disclose “sensitive personal information” covered by this Notice and as defined in the CCPA in a manner that requires us to offer a special right to limit our use of this data under the CCPA. CCPA Right to Access, Correct, or Delete Personal Information If you are a California resident, California law also may permit you to request that we: Provide access to and/or a copy of certain information we hold about you;Delete certain information we have about you; · Correct certain personal information we have about you; and Inform you about the categories of personal information we have collected about you in the preceding 12 months; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we have disclosed certain personal information, and more specific detail about what categories of information were "sold," "shared" or disclosed to particular categories of third parties, similar to the detail above this section of the Privacy Policy; Please note that certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law. For example, we need certain information to provide our services to you, so we may reject a deletion request for that information while providing services to you. To request to exercise any of these rights and receive the fastest response, please use our CCPA DSR Portal or leave a voicemail with such request at +1 (844) 311-6885. For security and legal reasons, F5 will not accept requests that require us to access third-party websites or services.We reserve the right to take steps verify your identity to our satisfaction before responding to your request, which may include, depending the type of request you are making, the sensitivity of any data you are requesting, and the nature of your relationship with us: verifying your name, asking you to click on a link that we send to your email address, requesting that you login to an account you maintain with us, or requesting that you provide us with information about our relationship that only you are likely to have. Requests Made by Agents If you are an agent making a request on behalf of a consumer, we reserve the right to take steps to verify that you are authorized to make that request, which may include requiring you to provide us with written proof such as a notarized authentication letter or a power of attorney. We also may require the consumer to verify their identity directly with us. Because opt-out requests for “sales” and “sharing” made through cookies and related technology must be performed from each browser that is used to access our Services, it is easiest for the consumer to perform such opt-outs themselves. However, if a consumer wishes for an agent to perform browser-based requests on their behalf, the consumer may arrange for the agent to use the consumer’s browser to make such requests. We are not responsible for the security risks of this or any other arrangements that a consumer may have with an agent. For clarity, this is not permission for any user to disclose their login credentials to an agent or any third party. Such disclosure is prohibited and is not required for an agent to make requests under this Privacy Notice. Nondiscrimination You also have a right not to receive “discriminatory treatment” (within the meaning of the CCPA) for the exercise of the privacy rights conferred by the CCPA. Contact the F5 Privacy Team First Name Last Name Work Email Company Name The information you provide will be treated in accordance with the F5 Privacy Notice . Thank you. Your inquiry has been received. Secure and Deliver Extraordinary Digital Experiences F5’s portfolio of automation, security, performance, and insight capabilities empowers our customers to create, secure, and operate adaptive applications that reduce costs, improve operations, and better protect users. Learn more › WHAT WE OFFER RESOURCES SUPPORT PARTNERS COMPANY CONNECT WITH US ©2023 F5, Inc. All rights reserved.This website uses cookies Necessary Preferences Statistics Marketing Necessary CookieConsent Stores the user's cookie consent state for the current domain Expiry : 1 year Type : HTTP Preferences We do not use cookies of this type. Statistics __telemetric.s The cookie is set by Bellmetrics and is used to present a unique telephone number to the visitor to enable subsequent tracking of the number of telephone calls generated on the website. Expiry : 1 day Type : HTTP __telemetric.v The cookie is set by Bellmetrics and is used to present a unique telephone number to the visitor to enable subsequent tracking of the number of telephone calls generated on the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP bmnet Used by third-party marketing platform to facilitate A/B testing on different offers shown to the user Expiry : Persistent Type : HTML _ga Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP _ga_# Used by Google Analytics to collect data on the number of times a user has visited the website as well as dates for the first and most recent visit. Expiry : 2 years Type : HTTP Marketing ads/ga-audiences Used by Google AdWords to re-engage visitors that are likely to convert to customers based on the visitor's online behaviour across websites. Expiry : Session Type : Pixel We do not use cookies of this type. [#BULK_CONSENT_DOMAINS_COUNT#] List of domains your consent applies to: [#IABV2_TITLE#] Do not sell or share my personal information Cookiebot by Usercentrics Realise the full potential of your contact strategy Through insights, personalisation & automation of digital platforms & contact centres. CUSTOMERS Why bmetric From implementation to execution and optimization We help companies elevate sales and service by creating, executing and optimising a personalised contact strategy for digital platforms and call centres. Offerings TESTIMONIALS Rune Grønvaldt Hansen Director of Online Sales at Telia Telia wants the best for our customers, and that means striking a perfect balance in the user journey so that visitors are effortlessly able to buy online but also get the help they need in the call-centre - all depending on their personal preference. bmetric has helped us strike that balance. We have always experienced the highest urgency and care for our setup after working with bmetric for many years. Paula Borsboom Customer Journey Owner at Greenchoice In the collaboration with bmetric, we gained a stronger insight into the customer journey of our website visitors, which allows us to shape our website to their needs and make sure they have the best experience with our services. With bmetric we are able to optimize our contact channel in such a way, that what we can create better digital experiences for our customers, and we can also increase our website performance from a sales perspective. Jeffrey van Peer Online Marketeer at Delta Energie At Delta Energie we are constantly looking for potential improvements in order to serve our audience in the right way, via the desired contact channel. Since 2020, bmetric has helped us with this, through the successful use of a customer contact strategy and finding the balance between online and offline sales. The pleasant cooperation and the high-quality reporting will undoubtedly result in better digital information, increased self-service actions and new sales also this year. Andrea Crippa Senior Retention Manager at Warner Bros Discovery (EMEA) bmetric has always helped us deliver the best customer experience and content recommendations to our subscribers. It is not only easy to use but also manages to interact with our CRM systems efficiently, generating insights that help us understand how to improve our D2C strategy. Zakarias Balling Eddaif When working as Operations Manager, Web Assisted Sales & Outbound at YouSee. Our goal at YouSee is to provide customers with the best user experience. With bmetric, we're able to maintain the best possible response time to our potential customers and qualify our sales conversations, thereby creating a synergy between the online and offline efforts and the experience of buying our products— ultimately resulting in the best availability for our customers. Jens Petersen When working as Head of Online at Tryg Forsikring At Tryg we have used bmetric for several years. In part to gain insight as to why customers are calling, so we can offer better help, faster; and in part to make sure that our user experience is the best possible across channels, whether you want to buy online or talk to our sales department. bmetric has always delivered swift and high-quality service. Melvin Rostamkhan Online Marketer at Klaverblad Verzekeringen At Klaverblad we want to offer an impeccable service to our customers.With bmetric we make sure that potential customers on the website can easily reach us via the phone. In addition, bmetric helps us segment our online visitors to display relevant information that meets the visitor's needs. In short, with bmetric we ensure a perfect synergy between online and offline communication. Rune Grønvaldt Hansen Director of Online Sales at Telia Telia wants the best for our customers, and that means striking a perfect balance in the user journey so that visitors are effortlessly able to buy online but also get the help they need in the call-centre - all depending on their personal preference. bmetric has helped us strike that balance. We have always experienced the highest urgency and care for our setup after working with bmetric for many years. Paula Borsboom Customer Journey Owner at Greenchoice In the collaboration with bmetric, we gained a stronger insight into the customer journey of our website visitors, which allows us to shape our website to their needs and make sure they have the best experience with our services. With bmetric we are able to optimize our contact channel in such a way, that what we can create better digital experiences for our customers, and we can also increase our website performance from a sales perspective. Jeffrey van Peer Online Marketeer at Delta Energie At Delta Energie we are constantly looking for potential improvements in order to serve our audience in the right way, via the desired contact channel. Since 2020, bmetric has helped us with this, through the successful use of a customer contact strategy and finding the balance between online and offline sales. The pleasant cooperation and the high-quality reporting will undoubtedly result in better digital information, increased self-service actions and new sales also this year. Andrea Crippa Senior Retention Manager at Warner Bros Discovery (EMEA) bmetric has always helped us deliver the best customer experience and content recommendations to our subscribers. It is not only easy to use but also manages to interact with our CRM systems efficiently, generating insights that help us understand how to improve our D2C strategy. Zakarias Balling Eddaif When working as Operations Manager, Web Assisted Sales & Outbound at YouSee. Our goal at YouSee is to provide customers with the best user experience. With bmetric, we're able to maintain the best possible response time to our potential customers and qualify our sales conversations, thereby creating a synergy between the online and offline efforts and the experience of buying our products— ultimately resulting in the best availability for our customers. Jens Petersen When working as Head of Online at Tryg Forsikring At Tryg we have used bmetric for several years. In part to gain insight as to why customers are calling, so we can offer better help, faster; and in part to make sure that our user experience is the best possible across channels, whether you want to buy online or talk to our sales department. bmetric has always delivered swift and high-quality service. Melvin Rostamkhan Online Marketer at Klaverblad Verzekeringen At Klaverblad we want to offer an impeccable service to our customers. With bmetric we make sure that potential customers on the website can easily reach us via the phone. In addition, bmetric helps us segment our online visitors to display relevant information that meets the visitor's needs. In short, with bmetric we ensure a perfect synergy between online and offline communication. Rune Grønvaldt Hansen Director of Online Sales at Telia Telia wants the best for our customers, and that means striking a perfect balance in the user journey so that visitors are effortlessly able to buy online but also get the help they need in the call-centre - all depending on their personal preference. bmetric has helped us strike that balance. We have always experienced the highest urgency and care for our setup after working with bmetric for many years. Paula Borsboom Customer Journey Owner at Greenchoice In the collaboration with bmetric, we gained a stronger insight into the customer journey of our website visitors, which allows us to shape our website to their needs and make sure they have the best experience with our services. With bmetric we are able to optimize our contact channel in such a way, that what we can create better digital experiences for our customers, and we can also increase our website performance from a sales perspective. Jeffrey van Peer Online Marketeer at Delta Energie At Delta Energie we are constantly looking for potential improvements in order to serve our audience in the right way, via the desired contact channel. Since 2020, bmetric has helped us with this, through the successful use of a customer contact strategy and finding the balance between online and offline sales.The pleasant cooperation and the high-quality reporting will undoubtedly result in better digital information, increased self-service actions and new sales also this year.Get in touch Name * Company * Email * Phone Denmark (Danmark) +45 Norway (Norge) +47 Sweden (Sverige) +46 Finland (Suomi) +358 Iceland (Ísland) +354 Belgium (België) +32 Netherlands (Nederland) +31 Italy (Italia) +39 Germany (Deutschland) +49 France +33 Afghanistan (‫افغانستان‬‎) +93 Albania (Shqipëri) +355 Algeria (‫الجزائر‬‎) +213 American Samoa +1684 Andorra +376 Angola +244 Anguilla +1264 Antigua and Barbuda +1268 Argentina +54 Armenia (Հայաստան) +374 Aruba +297 Australia +61 Austria (Österreich) +43 Azerbaijan (Azərbaycan) +994 Bahamas +1242 Bahrain (‫البحرين‬‎) +973 Bangladesh (বাংলাদেশ) +880 Barbados +1246 Belarus (Беларусь) +375 Belgium (België) +32 Belize +501 Benin (Bénin) +229 Bermuda +1441 Bhutan (འབྲུག) +975 Bolivia +591 Bosnia and Herzegovina (Босна и Херцеговина) +387 Botswana +267 Brazil (Brasil) +55 British Indian Ocean Territory +246 British Virgin Islands +1284 Brunei +673 Bulgaria (България) +359 Burkina Faso +226 Burundi (Uburundi) +257 Cambodia (កម្ពុជា) +855 Cameroon (Cameroun) +237 Canada +1 Cape Verde (Kabu Verdi) +238 Caribbean Netherlands +599 Cayman Islands +1345 Central African Republic (République centrafricaine) +236 Chad (Tchad) +235 Chile +56 China (中国) +86 Christmas Island +61 Cocos (Keeling) Islands +61 Colombia +57 Comoros (‫جزر القمر‬‎) +269 Congo (DRC) (Jamhuri ya Kidemokrasia ya Kongo) +243 Congo (Republic) (Congo-Brazzaville) +242 Cook Islands +682 Costa Rica +506 Côte d’Ivoire +225 Croatia (Hrvatska) +385 Cuba +53 Curaçao +599 Cyprus (Κύπρος) +357 Czech Republic (Česká republika) +420 Denmark (Danmark) +45 Djibouti +253 Dominica +1767 Dominican Republic (República Dominicana) +1 Ecuador +593 Egypt (‫مصر‬‎) +20 El Salvador +503 Equatorial Guinea (Guinea Ecuatorial) +240 Eritrea +291 Estonia (Eesti) +372 Ethiopia +251 Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) +500 Faroe Islands (Føroyar) +298 Fiji +679 Finland (Suomi) +358 France +33 French Guiana (Guyane française) +594 French Polynesia (Polynésie française) +689 Gabon +241 Gambia +220 Georgia (საქართველო) +995 Germany (Deutschland) +49 Ghana (Gaana) +233 Gibraltar +350 Greece (Ελλάδα) +30 Greenland (Kalaallit Nunaat) +299 Grenada +1473 Guadeloupe +590 Guam +1671 Guatemala +502 Guernsey +44 Guinea (Guinée) +224 Guinea-Bissau (Guiné Bissau) +245 Guyana +592 Haiti +509 Honduras +504 Hong Kong (香港) +852 Hungary (Magyarország) +36 Iceland (Ísland) +354 India (भारत) +91 Indonesia +62 Iran (‫ایران‬‎) +98 Iraq (‫العراق‬‎) +964 Ireland +353 Isle of Man +44 Israel (‫ישראל‬‎) +972 Italy (Italia) +39 Jamaica +1 Japan (日本) +81 Jersey +44 Jordan (‫الأردن‬‎) +962 Kazakhstan (Казахстан) +7 Kenya +254 Kiribati +686 Kosovo +383 Kuwait (‫الكويت‬‎) +965 Kyrgyzstan (Кыргызстан) +996 Laos (ລາວ) +856 Latvia (Latvija) +371 Lebanon (‫لبنان‬‎) +961 Lesotho +266 Liberia +231 Libya (‫ليبيا‬‎) +218 Liechtenstein +423 Lithuania (Lietuva) +370 Luxembourg +352 Macau (澳門) +853 Macedonia (FYROM) (Македонија) +389 Madagascar (Madagasikara) +261 Malawi +265 Malaysia +60 Maldives +960 Mali +223 Malta +356 Marshall Islands +692 Martinique +596 Mauritania (‫موريتانيا‬‎) +222 Mauritius (Moris) +230 Mayotte +262 Mexico (México) +52 Micronesia +691 Moldova (Republica Moldova) +373 Monaco +377 Mongolia (Монгол) +976 Montenegro (Crna Gora) +382 Montserrat +1664 Morocco (‫المغرب‬‎) +212 Mozambique (Moçambique) +258 Myanmar (Burma) (မြန်မာ) +95 Namibia (Namibië) +264 Nauru +674 Nepal (नेपाल) +977 Netherlands (Nederland) +31 New Caledonia (Nouvelle-Calédonie) +687 New Zealand +64 Nicaragua +505 Niger (Nijar) +227 Nigeria +234 Niue +683 Norfolk Island +672 North Korea (조선 민주주의 인민 공화국) +850 Northern Mariana Islands +1670 Norway (Norge) +47 Oman (‫عُمان‬‎) +968 Pakistan (‫پاکستان‬‎) +92 Palau +680 Palestine (‫فلسطين‬‎) +970 Panama (Panamá) +507 Papua New Guinea +675 Paraguay +595 Peru (Perú) +51 Philippines +63 Poland (Polska) +48 Portugal +351 Puerto Rico +1 Qatar (‫قطر‬‎) +974 Réunion (La Réunion) +262 Romania (România) +40 Russia (Россия) +7 Rwanda +250 Saint Barthélemy +590 Saint Helena +290 Saint Kitts and Nevis +1869 Saint Lucia +1758 Saint Martin (Saint-Martin (partie française)) +590 Saint Pierre and Miquelon (Saint-Pierre-et-Miquelon) +508 Saint Vincent and the Grenadines +1784 Samoa +685 San Marino +378 São Tomé and Príncipe (São Tomé e Príncipe) +239 Saudi Arabia (‫المملكة العربية السعودية‬‎) +966 Senegal (Sénégal) +221 Serbia (Србија) +381 Seychelles +248 Sierra Leone +232 Singapore +65 Sint Maarten +1721 Slovakia (Slovensko) +421 Slovenia (Slovenija) +386 Solomon Islands +677 Somalia (Soomaaliya) +252 South Africa +27 South Korea (대한민국) +82 South Sudan (‫جنوب السودان‬‎) +211 Spain (España) +34 Sri Lanka (ශ්‍රී ලංකාව) +94 Sudan (‫السودان‬‎) +249 Suriname +597 Svalbard and Jan Mayen +47 Swaziland +268 Sweden (Sverige) +46 Switzerland (Schweiz) +41 Syria (‫سوريا‬‎) +963 Taiwan (台灣) +886 Tajikistan +992 Tanzania +255 Thailand (ไทย) +66 Timor-Leste +670 Togo +228 Tokelau +690 Tonga +676 Trinidad and Tobago +1868 Tunisia (‫تونس‬‎) +216 Turkey (Türkiye) +90 Turkmenistan +993 Turks and Caicos Islands +1649 Tuvalu +688 U.S.Virgin Islands +1340 Uganda +256 Ukraine (Україна) +380 United Arab Emirates (‫الإمارات العربية المتحدة‬‎) +971 United Kingdom +44 United States +1 Uruguay +598 Uzbekistan (Oʻzbekiston) +998 Vanuatu +678 Vatican City (Città del Vaticano) +39 Venezuela +58 Vietnam (Việt Nam) +84 Wallis and Futuna (Wallis-et-Futuna) +681 Western Sahara (‫الصحراء الغربية‬‎) +212 Yemen (‫اليمن‬‎) +967 Zambia +260 Zimbabwe +263 Åland Islands +358 Comment Professional Services Full Services Technologies About Us Scandinavia United Kingdom BENELUX Germany © Copyright 2023 | hello@bmetric.com | CVR. 35523472 | Danneskiold-Samsøes Allé 41, 1434 - Copenhagen - DenmarkPRIVACY Please review our Privacy Notice , which also governs your use of Amazon Services, to understand our practices. ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS When you use Amazon Services, or send e-mails, text messages, and other communications from your desktop or mobile device to us, you may be communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically, such as e-mails, texts, mobile push notices, or notices and messages on this site or through the other Amazon Services, such as our Message Center, and you can retain copies of these communications for your records. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures, and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. COPYRIGHT All content included in or made available through any Amazon Service, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations, and software is the property of Amazon or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content included in or made available through any Amazon Service is the exclusive property of Amazon and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. TRADEMARKS Click here to see a non-exhaustive list of Amazon trademarks . In addition, graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names included in or made available through any Amazon Service are trademarks or trade dress of Amazon in the U.S. and other countries. Amazon's trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Amazon's, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Amazon. All other trademarks not owned by Amazon that appear in any Amazon Service are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Amazon. LICENSE AND ACCESS Subject to your compliance with these Conditions of Use and any Service Terms, and your payment of any applicable fees, Amazon or its content providers grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to access and make personal and non-commercial use of the Amazon Services. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of any Amazon Service, or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of any Amazon Service or its contents; any downloading, copying, or other use of account information for the benefit of any third party; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. All rights not expressly granted to you in these Conditions of Use or any Service Terms are reserved and retained by Amazon or its licensors, suppliers, publishers, rightsholders, or other content providers. No Amazon Service, nor any part of any Amazon Service, may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Amazon. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Amazon without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing Amazon's name or trademarks without the express written consent of Amazon. You may not misuse the Amazon Services. You may use the Amazon Services only as permitted by law. The licenses granted by Amazon terminate if you do not comply with these Conditions of Use or any Service Terms. YOUR ACCOUNT You may need your own Amazon account to use certain Amazon Services, and you may be required to be logged in to the account and have a valid payment method associated with it. If there is a problem charging your selected payment method, we may charge any other valid payment method associated with your account. Visit Your Payments to manage your payment options. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your account, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. Amazon does sell products for children, but it sells them to adults, who can purchase with a credit card or other permitted payment method. If you are under 18, you may use the Amazon Services only with involvement of a parent or guardian. Parents and guardians may create profiles for teenagers in their Amazon Household. Alcohol listings on Amazon are intended for adults. You must be at least 21 years of age to purchase alcohol, or use any site functionality related to alcohol. Amazon reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, terminate your rights to use Amazon Services, remove or edit content, or cancel orders in its sole discretion.REVIEWS, COMMENTS, COMMUNICATIONS, AND OTHER CONTENT If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Amazon a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, perform, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant Amazon and sublicensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify Amazon for all claims resulting from content you supply. Amazon has the right but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any activity or content. Amazon takes no responsibility and assumes no liability for any content posted by you or any third party. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY COMPLAINTS Amazon respects the intellectual property of others. If you believe that your intellectual property rights are being infringed, please follow our Notice and Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement . RISK OF LOSS All purchases of physical items from Amazon are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier. RETURNS, REFUNDS AND TITLE Amazon does not take title to returned items until the item arrives at our fulfillment center. At our discretion, a refund may be issued without requiring a return. In this situation, Amazon does not take title to the refunded item. For more information about our returns and refunds, please see our Returns Center . PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONS Amazon attempts to be as accurate as possible. However, Amazon does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of any Amazon Service is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by Amazon itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition. PRICING With respect to items sold by Amazon, we cannot confirm the price of an item until you order. Despite our best efforts, a small number of the items in our catalog may be mispriced. If the correct price of an item sold by Amazon is higher than our stated price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation. Other merchants may follow different policies in the event of a mispriced item. We generally do not charge your credit card until after your order has entered the shipping process or, for digital products, until we make the digital product available to you. APP PERMISSIONS When you use apps created by Amazon, such as the Amazon App or Kindle App, you may grant certain permissions to us for your device. Most mobile devices provide you with information about these permissions. To learn more about these permissions, click here . SANCTIONS AND EXPORT POLICY You may not use any Amazon Service if you are the subject of U.S. sanctions or of sanctions consistent with U.S. law imposed by the governments of the country where you are using Amazon Services. You must comply with all U.S. or other export and re-export restrictions that may apply to goods, software (including Amazon Software), technology, and services. OTHER BUSINESSES Parties other than Amazon operate stores, provide services or software, or sell product lines through the Amazon Services. In addition, we provide links to the sites of affiliated companies and certain other businesses. If you purchase any of the products or services offered by these businesses or individuals, you are purchasing directly from those third parties, not from Amazon. We are not responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant, the offerings of any of these businesses or individuals (including the content of their Web sites). Amazon does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, product, and content of all these and any other third parties. You should carefully review their privacy statements and other conditions of use. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND LIMITATION OF LIABILITY THE AMAZON SERVICES AND ALL INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) AND OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE AMAZON SERVICES ARE PROVIDED BY AMAZON ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN WRITING.AMAZON MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE AMAZON SERVICES, OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE AMAZON SERVICES, UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN WRITING. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE AMAZON SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, AMAZON DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. AMAZON DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE AMAZON SERVICES, INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH THE AMAZON SERVICES, AMAZON'S SERVERS OR ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS SENT FROM AMAZON ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, AMAZON WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND ARISING FROM THE USE OF ANY AMAZON SERVICE, OR FROM ANY INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, PRODUCTS (INCLUDING SOFTWARE) OR OTHER SERVICES INCLUDED ON OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE TO YOU THROUGH ANY AMAZON SERVICE, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, UNLESS OTHERWISE SPECIFIED IN WRITING. DISPUTES Any dispute or claim relating in any way to your use of any Amazon Service will be adjudicated in the state or Federal courts in King County, Washington, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in these courts. We each waive any right to a jury trial. APPLICABLE LAW By using any Amazon Service, you agree that applicable federal law, and the laws of the state of Washington, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Amazon. SITE POLICIES, MODIFICATION, AND SEVERABILITY Please review our other policies, such as our pricing policy , posted on this site. These policies also govern your use of Amazon Services. We reserve the right to make changes to our site, policies, Service Terms, and these Conditions of Use at any time. If any of these conditions shall be deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition shall be deemed severable and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition. OUR ADDRESS ADDITIONAL AMAZON SOFTWARE TERMS The following terms (“Software Terms”) apply to any software (including any updates or upgrades to the software) and any related documentation we make available to you in connection with Amazon Services (the "Amazon Software"). Use of the Amazon Software. You may use Amazon Software solely for purposes of enabling you to use the Amazon Services as provided by Amazon, and as permitted by these Conditions of Use and any Service Terms. You may not incorporate any portion of the Amazon Software into other programs or compile any portion of it in combination with other programs, or otherwise copy (except to exercise rights granted in this section), modify, create derivative works of, distribute, assign any rights to, or license the Amazon Software in whole or in part. All software used in any Amazon Service is the property of Amazon or its software suppliers and is protected by United States and international copyright laws. Use of Third Party Services. When you use the Amazon Software, you may also be using the services of one or more third parties, such as a wireless carrier or a mobile software provider. Your use of these third party services may be subject to the separate policies, terms of use, and fees of these third parties. No Reverse Engineering. You may not reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble, tamper with, or bypass any security associated with the Amazon Software, whether in whole or in part. Updates. We may offer automatic or manual updates to the Amazon Software at any time and without notice to you. Government End Users. If you are a U.S. Government end user, we are licensing the Amazon Software to you as a "Commercial Item" as that term is defined in the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations (see 48 C.F.R. § 2.101), and the rights we grant you to the Amazon Software are the same as the rights we grant to all others under these Conditions of Use. Conflicts. In the event of any conflict between these Conditions of Use and any other Amazon or third-party terms applicable to any portion of Amazon Software, such as open-source license terms, such other terms will control as to that portion of the Amazon Software and to the extent of the conflict. HOW TO SERVE A SUBPOENA OR OTHER LEGAL PROCESS Amazon accepts service of subpoenas or other legal process only through Amazon's national registered agent, Corporation Service Company (CSC).Subpoenas or other legal process may be served by sending them to CSC at the following address: Please note also that providing detailed and accurate information at the outset will facilitate efficient processing of your request. That information will include, for example, e-mail and/or credit card number used to make purchases for retail purchase information; the name, e-mail, and physical address of a seller for seller information; device serial number for Amazon devices; and IP address and complete time stamps. NOTICE AND PROCEDURE FOR MAKING CLAIMS OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT If you believe that your intellectual property rights have been infringed, please submit your complaint using our online form . This form may be used to report all types of intellectual property claims including, but not limited to, copyright, trademark, and patent claims. We respond quickly to the concerns of rights owners about any alleged infringement, and we terminate repeat infringers in appropriate circumstances. We offer the following alternative to our online form for copyright complaints only. You may submit written claims of copyright infringement to our Copyright Agent at: Written claims concerning copyright infringement must include the following information: A physical or electronic signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest; A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed upon; A description of where the material that you claim is infringing is located on the site; Your address, telephone number, and e-mail address; A statement by you that you have a good-faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf. Was this information helpful? Yes No Thank you for your feedback. Please select what best describes the information: This information is confusing or wrong This isn't the information I was looking for I don't like this policy Submit Thanks!While we're unable to respond directly to your feedback, we'll use this information to improve our online Help. Legal Policies Conditions of Use Quick solutions Your Orders Track or cancel orders Returns & Refunds Exchange or return items Manage Prime Cancel or view benefits Payment Settings Add or edit payment methods Carrier Info Shipping carrier information Account Settings Change email or password Back to top English United States Stream millionsof songs Find, attract, andengage customers Score dealson fashion brands Books, art& collectibles Audiobook PublishingMade Easy Start a Selling Account Everything ForYour Business Groceries & MoreRight To Your Door Ship OrdersInternationally Experienced ProsHappiness Guarantee Scalable CloudComputing Services Listen to Books & OriginalAudio Performances Books With FreeDelivery Worldwide Find MovieBox Office Data Thousands ofDigital Comics DigitalPhotography Sewing, Quilting& Knitting Book reviews& recommendations Movies, TV& Celebrities Get Info EntertainmentProfessionals Need Indie Digital & Print PublishingMade Easy Unlimited Photo StorageFree With Prime Video DistributionMade Easy DesignerFashion Brands Great Deals onQuality Used Products America’s HealthiestGrocery Store Deals and Shenanigans Shoes &Clothing Smart HomeSecurity Systems Stream 4K Videoin Every Room Smart Securityfor Every Home Real-Time Crime& Safety Alerts Top subscription boxes – right to your door Pharmacy Simplified Like-new productsyou can trust © 1996-2023, Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliatesPrivacy Policy The privacy policy is exclusively related to how Bellmetric ApS treats data on our website. Any privacy and security related items related to software running on behalf of our customers can be provided on request. Data protection is of a particularly high priority to management at bmetric. The use of the Internet pages of the Bellmetric ApS trading as bmetric is possible without any indication of personal data; however, if a data subject wants to use special enterprise services via our website, processing of personal data could become necessary. If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we generally obtain consent from the data subject. The processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to the bmetric. By means of this data protection declaration, our enterprise would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process. Furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled. As controller, the bmetric has implemented numerous technical and organizational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through this website. However, Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed. For this reason, every data subject is free to transfer personal data to us via alternative means, e.g. by telephone. If you would like to enquire bmetric if we have, and if we do, delete information related to personal data, please write an email to: security@bmetric.com, where we’ll swiftly handle your request. 1. Definitions. The data protection declaration of the bmetric is based on the terms used by the European legislator for the adoption of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Our data protection declaration should be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as our customers and business partners. To ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used. In this data protection declaration, we use, inter alia, the following terms: a) Personal data Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”). An identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person. B) Data subject A data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing. c) Processing Processing is any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction. d) Restriction of processing Restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future. e) Profiling Profiling means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person’s performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements. f) Pseudonymisation Pseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.g) Controller or controller responsible for the processing Controller or controller responsible for the processing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by Union or Member State law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by Union or Member State law. h) Processor A processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller. i) Recipient A recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third-party or not. However, public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with Union or Member State law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing. j) Third-party A Third-party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data. k) Consent Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject’s wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her. 2. Name and Address of the controller. Controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), other data protection laws applicable in Member states of the European Union and other provisions related to data protection is: Bellmetric ApS trading as bmetric Danneskiold-Samsøes Allé 41, 1434 København Danmark Phone: +45 7879 5954 Email: hello@bmetric.com Website: bmetric.com 3. Cookies. The Internet pages of the bmetric use cookies. Cookies are text files that are stored in a computer system via an Internet browser. Many Internet sites and servers use cookies. Many cookies contain a so-called cookie ID. A cookie ID is a unique identifier of the cookie. It consists of a character string through which Internet pages and servers can be assigned to the specific Internet browser in which the cookie was stored. This allows visited Internet sites and servers to differentiate the individual browser of the data subject from other Internet browsers that contain other cookies. A specific Internet browser can be recognized and identified using the unique cookie ID. Through the use of cookies, the bmetric can provide the users of this website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting. By means of a cookie, the information and offers on our website can be optimized with the user in mind. Cookies allow us, as previously mentioned, to recognize our website users. The purpose of this recognition is to make it easier for users to utilize our website. The website user that uses cookies, e.g. does not have to enter access data each time the website is accessed, because this is taken over by the website, and the cookie is thus stored on the user’s computer system. Another example is the cookie of a shopping cart in an online shop. The online store remembers the articles that a customer has placed in the virtual shopping cart via a cookie. The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting on the Internet browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an Internet browser or other software programs. This is possible in all popular Internet browsers. If the data subject deactivates the setting of cookies in the Internet browser used, not all functions of our website may be entirely usable. Third-party Cookies bmetric.com hosts third-party cookies from the following entities in order to allow our content to be shared readily on each of their respective platforms. These entities may also apply the data gathered from cookies, to curate content and to target advertising. Online Marketing: Delivery, Attribution, and Optimisation bmetric.com uses cookies from the following entities to measure how our website visitors discover and interact with the content of our website. This data is applied to curate bmetric content; to feature content which is relevant to our customers’ interests and goals. Website Functionality Cloudflare cookies on bmetric.com serve to allow specific functionalities on bmetric.com.This functionality pertains to the delivery of our cookie banner, restricting it to those who have not already accepted the websites privacy policy. 4. Collection of general data and information. The website of the bmetric collects a series of general data and information when a data subject or automated system calls up the website. This general data and information are stored in the server log files. Collected may be (1) the browser types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers), (4) the sub-websites, (5) the date and time of access to the Internet site, (6) an Internet protocol address (IP address), (7) the Internet service provider of the accessing system, and (8) any other similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems. When using these general data and information, the bmetric does not draw any conclusions about the data subject. Rather, this information is needed to (1) deliver the content of our website correctly, (2) optimize the content of our website as well as its advertisement, (3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack. Therefore, the bmetric analyzes anonymously collected data and information statistically, with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of our enterprise, and to ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process. The anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject. 5. Registration on our website. The data subject has the possibility to register on the website of the controller with the indication of personal data. Which personal data are transmitted to the controller is determined by the respective input mask used for the registration. The personal data entered by the data subject are collected and stored exclusively for internal use by the controller, and for his own purposes. The controller may request a transfer to one or more processors (e.g. a parcel service) that also uses personal data for an internal purpose which is attributable to the controller. By registering on the website of the controller, the IP address—assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) and used by the data subject—date, and time of the registration, are also stored. The storage of this data takes place against the background that this is the only way to prevent the misuse of our services, and, if necessary, to make it possible to investigate committed offences. Insofar, the storage of this data is necessary to secure the controller. This data is not passed on to third parties unless there is a statutory obligation to pass on the data, or if the transfer serves the aim of criminal prosecution. The registration of the data subject, with the voluntary indication of personal data, is intended to enable the controller to offer the data subject contents or services that may only be offered to registered users due to the nature of the matter in question. Registered persons are free to change the personal data specified during the registration at any time, or to have them completely deleted from the data stock of the controller. The data controller shall, at any time, provide information upon request to each data subject as to what personal data are stored about the data subject. In addition, the data controller shall correct or erase personal data at the request or indication of the data subject, insofar as there are no statutory storage obligations. A Data Protection Officer particularly designated in this data protection declaration, as well as the entirety of the controller’s employees, are available to the data subject in this respect as contact persons. 6. Subscription to our newsletters. On the website of the bmetric, users are given the opportunity to subscribe to our enterprise’s newsletter. The input mask used for this purpose determines what personal data are transmitted, as well as when the newsletter is ordered from the controller. The bmetric informs its customers and business partners regularly by means of a newsletter about enterprise offers. The enterprise’s newsletter may only be received by the data subject if (1) the data subject has a valid e-mail address and (2) the data subject registers for the newsletter shipping. During the registration for the newsletter, we also store the IP address of the computer system assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) and used by the data subject at the time of the registration, as well as the date and time of the registration.The collection of this data is necessary in order to understand the (possible) misuse of the e-mail address of a data subject at a later date, and it, therefore, serves the aim of the legal protection of the controller. The personal data collected as part of registration for the newsletter will only be used to send our newsletter. In addition, subscribers to the newsletter may be informed by e-mail, as long as this is necessary for the operation of the newsletter service or registration in question, as this could be the case in the event of modifications to the newsletter offer, or in the event of a change in technical circumstances. There will be no transfer of personal data collected by the newsletter service to third parties. The subscription to our newsletter may be terminated by the data subject at any time. The consent to the storage of personal data, which the data subject has given for shipping the newsletter, may be revoked at any time. For the purpose of revocation of consent, a corresponding link is found in each newsletter. It is also possible to unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time directly on the website of the controller, or to communicate this to the controller in a different way. 7. Newsletter-Tracking. The newsletter of the bmetric contains so-called tracking pixels. A tracking pixel is a miniature graphic, embedded in such e-mails, which are sent in HTML format to enable log file recording and analysis. This allows a statistical analysis of the success or failure of online marketing campaigns. Based on the embedded tracking pixel, the bmetric may see if and when an e-mail was opened by a data subject, and which links in the e-mail were called up by data subjects. Such personal data collected in the tracking pixels contained in the newsletters are stored and analyzed by the controller in order to optimize the shipping of the newsletter, as well as to adapt the content of future newsletters even better to the interests of the data subject. These personal data will not be passed on to third parties. Data subjects are at any time entitled to revoke the respective separate declaration of consent issued by means of the double-opt-in procedure. After a revocation, these personal data will be deleted by the controller. The bmetric automatically regards a withdrawal from the receipt of the newsletter as a revocation. 8. Contact possibility via the website. The website of the bmetric contains information that enables a quick electronic contact to our enterprise, as well as direct communication with us, which also includes a general address of the so-called electronic mail (e-mail address). If a data subject contacts the controller by e-mail or via a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject are automatically stored. Such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the data controller are stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data subject. There is no transfer of this personal data to third parties. 9. Comments function in the blog on the website. The bmetric offers users the possibility to leave individual comments on individual blog contributions on a blog, which is on the website of the controller. A blog is a web-based, publicly-accessible portal, through which one or more people called bloggers or web-bloggers may post articles or write down thoughts in so-called blog posts. Blog posts may usually be commented on by third parties. If a data subject leaves a comment on the blog published on this website, the comments made by the data subject are also stored and published, as well as information on the date of the commentary and on the user’s (pseudonym) chosen by the data subject. In addition, the IP address assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) to the data subject is also logged. This storage of the IP address takes place for security reasons, and in case the data subject violates the rights of third parties or posts illegal content through a given comment. The storage of these personal data is, therefore, in the own interest of the data controller, so that he can exculpate in the event of an infringement. This collected personal data will not be passed to third parties, unless such a transfer is required by law or serves the aim of the defence of the data controller. 10. Subscription to comments in the blog on the website. The comments made in the blog of the bmetric may be subscribed to by third parties. In particular, there is the possibility that a commenter subscribes to the comments following his comments on a particular blog post. If a data subject decides to subscribe to the option, the controller will send an automatic confirmation e-mail to check the double opt-in procedure as to whether the owner of the specified e-mail address decided in favour of this option. The option to subscribe to comments may be terminated at any time. 11. Routine erasure and blocking of personal data.The data controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the European legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller is subject to. If the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the European legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements. 12. Rights of the data subject. a) Right of confirmation Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of confirmation, he or she may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller. b) Right of access Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain, from the controller, free information about his or her personal data stored at any time and a copy of this information. Furthermore, the European directives and regulations grant the data subject access to the following information: the purposes of the processing; the categories of personal data concerned; the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organisations; where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period; the existence of the right to request from the controller rectification or erasure of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject, or to object to such processing; the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority; where the personal data are not collected from the data subject, any available information as to their source; the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in Article 22(1) and (4) of the GDPR and, at least in those cases, meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject. Furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain information as to whether personal data are transferred to a third country or to an international organisation. Where this is the case, the data subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer. If a data subject wishes to avail himself of this right of access, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller. c) Right to rectification Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. Taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.If a data subject wishes to exercise this right to rectification, he or she may, at any time, contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller. d) Right to erasure (Right to be forgotten) Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller the erasure of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, and the controller shall have the obligation to erase personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies, as long as the processing is not necessary: The personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed. The data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing. The data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to Article 21(2) of the GDPR.The personal data have been unlawfully processed. The personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject. The personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information society services referred to in Article 8(1) of the GDPR. If one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a data subject wishes to request the erasure of personal data stored by the bmetric, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller. The Data Protection Officer of the bmetric or another employee shall promptly ensure that the erasure request is complied with immediately. Where the controller has made personal data public and is obliged pursuant to Article 17(1) to erase the personal data, the controller, taking account of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform other controllers processing the personal data that the data subject has requested erasure by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data, as far as processing is not required. The Data Protection Officer of the bmetric or another employee will arrange the necessary measures in individual cases. e) Right of restriction of processing Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies: The accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data. The processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests, instead, the restriction of their use instead. The controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. The data subject has objected to processing pursuant to Article 21(1) of the GDPR pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject. If one of the aforementioned conditions is met, and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of the processing of personal data stored by the bmetric, he or she may at any time contact our Data Protection Officer or another employee of the controller. The Data Protection Officer of the bmetric or another employee will arrange the restriction of the processing. f) Right to data portability Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator, to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which was provided to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. He or she shall have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data have been provided, as long as the processing is based on consent pursuant to point (a) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR or point (a) of Article 9(2) of the GDPR, or on a contract pursuant to point (b) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR, and the processing is carried out by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller. Furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to Article 20(1) of the GDPR, the data subject shall have the right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others. In order to assert the right to data portability, the data subject may at any time contact the Data Protection Officer designated by the bmetric or another employee. g) Right to object Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, at any time, to processing of personal data concerning him or her, which is based on point (e) or (f) of Article 6(1) of the GDPR. This also applies to profiling based on these provisions.The bmetric shall no longer process the personal data in the event of the objection, unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims. If the bmetric processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing.This applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. If the data subject objects to the bmetric to the processing for direct marketing purposes, the bmetric will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.In addition, the data subject has the right, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to object to processing of personal data concerning him or her by the bmetric for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to Article 89(1) of the GDPR, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest. In order to exercise the right to object, the data subject may directly contact the Data Protection Officer of the bmetric or another employee. In addition, the data subject is free in the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding Directive 2002/58/EC, to use his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications. h) Automated individual decision-making, including profiling Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning him or her, or similarly significantly affects him or her, as long as the decision (1) is not is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) is not authorised by Union or Member State law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject’s rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) is not based on the data subject’s explicit consent. If the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between the data subject and a data controller, or (2) it is based on the data subject’s explicit consent, the bmetric shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject’s rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and contest the decision. If the data subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning automated individual decision-making, he or she may at any time directly contact our Data Protection Officer of the bmetric or another employee of the controller. i) Right to withdraw data protection consent Each data subject shall have the right granted by the European legislator to withdraw his or her consent to the processing of his or her personal data at any time. If the data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the consent, he or she may at any time directly contact our Data Protection Officer of the bmetric or another employee of the controller. 13. Data protection for applications, and application procedures. TThe data controller shall collect and process the personal data of applicants for the purpose of the processing of the application procedure. The processing may also be carried out electronically. This is the case, in particular, if an applicant submits corresponding application documents by e-mail or by means of a web form on the website to the controller. If the data controller concludes an employment contract with an applicant, the submitted data will be stored for the purpose of processing the employment relationship in compliance with legal requirements. If no employment contract is concluded with the applicant by the controller, the application documents shall be automatically erased two months after notification of the refusal decision, provided that no other legitimate interests of the controller are opposed to the erasure. Other legitimate interest in this relation is, e.g. a burden of proof in a procedure under the General Equal Treatment Act (AGG). 14. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Adobe Analytics (Omniture) / Adobe marketing cloud. On this website, the controller has integrated components of the enterprise Adobe. Adobe Analytics (Omniture) and Adobe Marketing Cloud (hereinafter referred to as “Omniture”) is an instrument that allows for more efficient online marketing and web analysis. Omniture is part of Adobe Marketing Cloud. Adobe Marketing Cloud enables real-time analysis of visitor flows on Internet sites. The real-time analysis includes project reports and allows an ad-hoc analysis of site visitors. Customer interactions are presented in such a way as to give the controller a better overview of users’ online activities of this website by displaying the data in simple and interactive dashboards and converting them into reports. This enables the controller to obtain information in real-time and to identify problems that occur more quickly.The operating company for these services is Adobe Systems Software Ireland Limited, 4-6 Riverwalk, Citywest Business Campus, Dublin 24, Republic of Ireland. Omniture sets a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject (cookies have already been explained in advance, which may be read above). Adobe will use the data and information obtained via our website to analyze the user behaviour of the data subject on behalf of the controller. Adobe will also use the data to create reports on user activity on our behalf, as well as provide other services to our enterprise related to the use of our website. As stated above, the data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the Internet browser used, and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such a setting of the Internet browser used would also prevent Omniture from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. Cookies may also be deleted by Omniture at any time via an Internet browser or other software programs. The data subject also has the possibility of objecting to and preventing the collection of data generated by the Adobe cookie on the use of this website and the processing of this data by Adobe. For this purpose, the data subject must click on the opt-out button under the link http://www.adobe.com/de/privacy/opt-out.html, which sets an opt-out cookie. The opt-out cookie used for this purpose is placed on the information technology system used by the data subject. If the data subject deletes the cookies from his system, then the data subject must call up the link again and set a new opt-out cookie. With the setting of the opt-out cookie, however, the possibility exists that the websites of the controller are not fully usable anymore by the data subject. The applicable data protection provisions of Adobe may be accessed under http://www.adobe.com/privacy.html. 15. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google Analytics. On this website, the controller has integrated the component of Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web analytics service. Web analytics is the collection, gathering, and analysis of data about the behaviour of visitors to websites. A web analysis service collects, inter alia, data about the website from which a person has come (the so-called referrer), which sub-pages were visited, or how often and for what duration a sub-page was viewed. Web analytics are mainly used for the optimization of a website and in order to carry out a cost-benefit analysis of Internet advertising. The operator of the Google Analytics component is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, United States. The purpose of the Google Analytics component is to analyze the traffic on our website. Google uses the collected data and information, inter alia, to evaluate the use of our website and to provide online reports, which show the activities on our websites, and to provide other services concerning the use of our Internet site for us. Google Analytics places a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With the setting of the cookie, Google is enabled to analyze the use of our website. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and into which a Google Analytics component was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject will automatically submit data through the Google Analytics component for the purpose of online advertising and the settlement of commissions to Google. During the course of this technical procedure, the enterprise Google gains knowledge of personal information, such as the IP address of the data subject, which serves Google, inter alia, to understand the origin of visitors and clicks, and subsequently create commission settlements. The cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which the access was made, and the frequency of visits of our website by the data subject. With each visit to our Internet site, such personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, will be transmitted to Google in the United States of America. These personal data are stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may pass these personal data collected through the technical procedure to third parties. The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also prevent Google Analytics from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject.In addition, cookies already in use by Google Analytics may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs. In addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to a collection of data that are generated by Google Analytics, which is related to the use of this website, as well as the processing of this data by Google and the chance to preclude any such. For this purpose, the data subject must download a browser add-on under the link https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and install it. This browser add-on tells Google Analytics through a JavaScript, that any data and information about the visits of Internet pages may not be transmitted to Google Analytics. The installation of the browser add-ons is considered an objection by Google. If the information technology system of the data subject is later deleted, formatted, or newly installed, then the data subject must reinstall the browser add-ons to disable Google Analytics. If the browser add-on was uninstalled by the data subject or any other person who is attributable to their sphere of competence, or is disabled, it is possible to execute the reinstallation or reactivation of the browser add-ons. Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Google may be retrieved under https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ and under http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html. Google Analytics is further explained under the following Link https://www.google.com/analytics/. 16. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google Remarketing. On this website, the controller has integrated Google Remarketing services. Google Remarketing is a feature of Google AdWords, which allows an enterprise to display advertising to Internet users who have previously resided on the enterprise’s Internet site. The integration of Google Remarketing, therefore, allows an enterprise to create user-based advertising and thus shows relevant advertisements to interested Internet users. The operating company of the Google Remarketing services is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, United States. The purpose of Google Remarketing is the insertion of interest-relevant advertising. Google Remarketing allows us to display ads on the Google network or on other websites, which are based on individual needs and matched to the interests of Internet users. Google Remarketing sets a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. With the setting of the cookie, Google enables recognition of the visitor of our website if he calls up consecutive web pages, which are also a member of the Google advertising network. With each call-up to an Internet site on which the service has been integrated by Google Remarketing, the web browser of the data subject identifies automatically with Google. During the course of this technical procedure, Google receives personal information, such as the IP address or the surfing behaviour of the user, which Google uses, inter alia, for the insertion of interest relevant advertising. The cookie is used to store personal information, e.g. the Internet pages visited by the data subject. Each time we visit our Internet pages, personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, is transmitted to Google in the United States of America. These personal data are stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may pass these personal data collected through the technical procedure to third parties. The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also prevent Google from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, cookies already in use by Google may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs. In addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to the interest-based advertising by Google. For this purpose, the data subject must call up the link to www.google.de/settings/ads and make the desired settings on each Internet browser used by the data subject. Further information and the actual data protection provisions of Google may be retrieved under https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. 17. Data protection provisions about the application and use of Google-AdWords. On this website, the controller has integrated Google AdWords. Google AdWords is a service for Internet advertising that allows the advertiser to place ads in Google search engine results and the Google advertising network.Google AdWords allows an advertiser to pre-define specific keywords with the help of which an ad on Google’s search results only then displayed, when the user utilizes the search engine to retrieve a keyword-relevant search result. In the Google Advertising Network, the ads are distributed on relevant web pages using an automatic algorithm, taking into account the previously defined keywords. The operating company of Google AdWords is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UNITED STATES. The purpose of Google AdWords is the promotion of our website by the inclusion of relevant advertising on the websites of third parties and in the search engine results of the search engine Google and insertion of third-party advertising on our website. If a data subject reaches our website via a Google ad, a conversion cookie is filed on the information technology system of the data subject through Google. The definition of cookies is explained above. A conversion cookie loses its validity after 30 days and is not used to identify the data subject. If the cookie has not expired, the conversion cookie is used to check whether certain sub-pages, e.g, the shopping cart from an online shop system, were called up on our website. Through the conversion cookie, both Google and the controller can understand whether a person who reached an AdWords ad on our website generated sales, that is, executed or cancelled a sale of goods. The data and information collected through the use of the conversion cookie is used by Google to create visit statistics for our website. These visit statistics are used in order to determine the total number of users who have been served through AdWords ads to ascertain the success or failure of each AdWords ad and to optimize our AdWords ads in the future. Neither our company nor other Google AdWords advertisers receive information from Google that could identify the data subject. The conversion cookie stores personal information, e.g. the Internet pages visited by the data subject. Each time we visit our Internet pages, personal data, including the IP address of the Internet access used by the data subject, is transmitted to Google in the United States of America. These personal data are stored by Google in the United States of America. Google may pass these personal data collected through the technical procedure to third parties. The data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies by our website, as stated above, by means of a corresponding setting on the Internet browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such a setting of the Internet browser used would also prevent Google from placing a conversion cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, a cookie set by Google AdWords may be deleted at any time via the Internet browser or other software programs. The data subject has a possibility of objecting to the interest-based advertisement of Google. Therefore, the data subject must access from each of the browsers in use the link www.google.de/settings/ads and set the desired settings. Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of Google may be retrieved under https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. 18. Data protection provisions about the application and use of LinkedIn. The controller has integrated components of the LinkedIn Corporation on this website. LinkedIn is a web-based social network that enables users with existing business contacts to connect and to make new business contacts. Over 400 million registered people in more than 200 countries use LinkedIn. Thus, LinkedIn is currently the largest platform for business contacts and one of the most visited websites in the world. The operating company of LinkedIn is LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court Mountain View, CA 94043, UNITED STATES. For privacy matters outside of the UNITED STATES LinkedIn Ireland, Privacy Policy Issues, Wilton Plaza, Wilton Place, Dublin 2, Ireland, is responsible. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this Internet site, which is operated by the controller and on which a LinkedIn component (LinkedIn plug-in) was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to the download of a display of the corresponding LinkedIn component of LinkedIn. Further information about the LinkedIn plug-in may be accessed under https://developer.linkedin.com/plugins. During the course of this technical procedure, LinkedIn gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject. If the data subject is logged in at the same time on LinkedIn, LinkedIn detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our Internet site—which specific sub-page of our Internet page was visited by the data subject.This information is collected through the LinkedIn component and associated with the respective LinkedIn account of the data subject. If the data subject clicks on one of the LinkedIn buttons integrated on our website, then LinkedIn assigns this information to the personal LinkedIn user account of the data subject and stores the personal data. LinkedIn receives information via the LinkedIn component that the data subject has visited our website, provided that the data subject is logged in at LinkedIn at the time of the call-up to our website. This occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the LinkedIn button or not. If such a transmission of information to LinkedIn is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their LinkedIn account before a call-up to our website is made. LinkedIn provides under https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls the possibility to unsubscribe from e-mail messages, SMS messages and targeted ads, as well as the ability to manage ad settings. LinkedIn also uses affiliates such as Eire, Google Analytics, BlueKai, DoubleClick, Nielsen, Comscore, Eloqua, and Lotame. The setting of such cookies may be denied under https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy. The applicable privacy policy for LinkedIn is available under https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy. The LinkedIn Cookie Policy is available under https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy. 19. Data protection provisions about the application and use of DoubleClick. On this website, the controller has integrated components of DoubleClick by Google. DoubleClick is a trademark of Google, under which predominantly special online marketing solutions are marketed to advertising agencies and publishers. The operating company of DoubleClick by Google is Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Pkwy, Mountain View, CA 94043-1351, UNITED STATES. DoubleClick by Google transmits data to the DoubleClick server with each impression, clicks, or other activity. Each of these data transfers triggers a cookie request to the data subject’s browser. If the browser accepts this request, DoubleClick uses a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. The definition of cookies is explained above. The purpose of the cookie is the optimization and display of advertising. The cookie is used, inter alia, to display and place user-relevant advertising as well as to create or improve reports on advertising campaigns. Furthermore, the cookie serves to avoid multiple displays of the same advertisement. DoubleClick uses a cookie ID that is required to execute the technical process. For example, the cookie ID is required to display an advertisement in a browser. DoubleClick may also use the Cookie ID to record which advertisements have already been displayed in a browser in order to avoid duplications. It is also possible for DoubleClick to track conversions through the cookie ID. For instance, conversions are captured, when a user has previously been shown a DoubleClick advertising ad, and he or she subsequently makes a purchase on the advertiser’s website using the same Internet browser. A cookie from DoubleClick does not contain any personal data. However, a DoubleClick cookie may contain additional campaign IDs. A campaign ID is used to identify campaigns that the user has already been in contact with. With each call-up to one of the individual pages of this website, which is operated by the controller and on which a DoubleClick component was integrated, the Internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted by the respective DoubleClick component to send data for the purpose of online advertising and billing of commissions to Google. During the course of this technical procedure, Google gains knowledge of any data that Google may use to create commission calculations. Google may, inter alia, understand that the data subject has clicked on certain links on our website. The data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. Such an adjustment to the Internet browser used would also prevent Google from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. In addition, cookies already in use by Google may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs. Further information and the applicable data protection provisions of DoubleClick may be retrieved under DoubleClick by Google https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/. 20. Salesforce CRM. On this website, the controller has integrated the component of AutopilotHQ that forwards information from the form (see point 5 and 8 of this privacy policy) to Salesforce CRM. Salesforce CRM is a customer relationship management service.The operator of the Salesforce CRM component is Salesforce.com EMEA Salesforce.com EMEA Limited, village 9, floor 26 Salesforce Tower, 110 Bishopsgate, London, UK, EC2N 4AY. The purpose of Salesforce is used to manage possible and existing customer relations with the controller. (please see point 5 and point 8). 21. Zendesk. On this website, the controller has integrated the component of zendesk that forwards information from the form (see point 5 and 8 of this privacy policy) to Salesforce CRM. Salesforce CRM is a customer relationship management service. The operator of the Salesforce CRM component is Salesforce.com EMEA Zendesk Global HQ, United States, 1019 Market St San Francisco, CA 94103 The purpose of Zendesk is to manage customer service requests to the controller. 22. Legal basis for the processing. Art. 6(1) lit. a GDPR serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. If the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on Article 6(1) lit. b GDPR. The same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services. Is our company subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfilment of tax obligations, the processing is based on Art. 6(1) lit. c GDPR. In rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person. This would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third-party. Then the processing would be based on Art. 6(1) lit. d GDPR. Finally, processing operations could be based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR. This legal basis is used for processing operations which are not covered by any of the abovementioned legal grounds, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third-party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. Such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the European legislator. He considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (Recital 47 Sentence 2 GDPR). 23. The legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third-party. Where the processing of personal data is based on Article 6(1) lit. f GDPR our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favour of the well-being of all our employees and the shareholders. 24. The period for which the personal data will be stored. The criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. After the expiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfilment of the contract or the initiation of a contract. 25. Provision of personal data as statutory or contractual requirement; Requirement necessary to enter into a contract; Obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data; possible consequences of failure to provide such data Provision of personal data as statutory or contractual requirement; Requirement necessary to enter into a contract; Obligation of the data subject to provide the personal data; possible consequences of failure to provide such data 26. Existence of automated decision-making. We do not use automatic decision-making or profiling. This Privacy Policy has been generated by the Privacy Policy Generator of the External Data Protection Officer from DGD Deutsche Gesellschaft für Datenschutz GmbH, which has been developed in cooperation with WILDE BEUGER SOLMECKE | Lawyers and the used hardware dealer RC GmbH. TESTIMONIALS Rune Grønvaldt Hansen Director of Online Sales at Telia Telia wants the best for our customers, and that means striking a perfect balance in the user journey so that visitors are effortlessly able to buy online but also get the help they need in the call-centre - all depending on their personal preference. bmetric has helped us strike that balance. We have always experienced the highest urgency and care for our setup after working with bmetric for many years.Paula Borsboom Customer Journey Owner at Greenchoice In the collaboration with bmetric, we gained a stronger insight into the customer journey of our website visitors, which allows us to shape our website to their needs and make sure they have the best experience with our services. With bmetric we are able to optimize our contact channel in such a way, that what we can create better digital experiences for our customers, and we can also increase our website performance from a sales perspective. Jeffrey van Peer Online Marketeer at Delta Energie At Delta Energie we are constantly looking for potential improvements in order to serve our audience in the right way, via the desired contact channel. Since 2020, bmetric has helped us with this, through the successful use of a customer contact strategy and finding the balance between online and offline sales. The pleasant cooperation and the high-quality reporting will undoubtedly result in better digital information, increased self-service actions and new sales also this year. Andrea Crippa Senior Retention Manager at Warner Bros Discovery (EMEA) bmetric has always helped us deliver the best customer experience and content recommendations to our subscribers. It is not only easy to use but also manages to interact with our CRM systems efficiently, generating insights that help us understand how to improve our D2C strategy. Zakarias Balling Eddaif When working as Operations Manager, Web Assisted Sales & Outbound at YouSee. Our goal at YouSee is to provide customers with the best user experience. With bmetric, we're able to maintain the best possible response time to our potential customers and qualify our sales conversations, thereby creating a synergy between the online and offline efforts and the experience of buying our products— ultimately resulting in the best availability for our customers. Jens Petersen When working as Head of Online at Tryg Forsikring At Tryg we have used bmetric for several years. In part to gain insight as to why customers are calling, so we can offer better help, faster; and in part to make sure that our user experience is the best possible across channels, whether you want to buy online or talk to our sales department. bmetric has always delivered swift and high-quality service. Melvin Rostamkhan Online Marketer at Klaverblad Verzekeringen At Klaverblad we want to offer an impeccable service to our customers. With bmetric we make sure that potential customers on the website can easily reach us via the phone. In addition, bmetric helps us segment our online visitors to display relevant information that meets the visitor's needs. In short, with bmetric we ensure a perfect synergy between online and offline communication. Rune Grønvaldt Hansen Director of Online Sales at Telia Telia wants the best for our customers, and that means striking a perfect balance in the user journey so that visitors are effortlessly able to buy online but also get the help they need in the call-centre - all depending on their personal preference. bmetric has helped us strike that balance. We have always experienced the highest urgency and care for our setup after working with bmetric for many years. Paula Borsboom Customer Journey Owner at Greenchoice In the collaboration with bmetric, we gained a stronger insight into the customer journey of our website visitors, which allows us to shape our website to their needs and make sure they have the best experience with our services. With bmetric we are able to optimize our contact channel in such a way, that what we can create better digital experiences for our customers, and we can also increase our website performance from a sales perspective. Jeffrey van Peer Online Marketeer at Delta Energie At Delta Energie we are constantly looking for potential improvements in order to serve our audience in the right way, via the desired contact channel. Since 2020, bmetric has helped us with this, through the successful use of a customer contact strategy and finding the balance between online and offline sales. The pleasant cooperation and the high-quality reporting will undoubtedly result in better digital information, increased self-service actions and new sales also this year. Andrea Crippa Senior Retention Manager at Warner Bros Discovery (EMEA) bmetric has always helped us deliver the best customer experience and content recommendations to our subscribers. It is not only easy to use but also manages to interact with our CRM systems efficiently, generating insights that help us understand how to improve our D2C strategy. Zakarias Balling Eddaif When working as Operations Manager, Web Assisted Sales & Outbound at YouSee. Our goal at YouSee is to provide customers with the best user experience.With bmetric, we're able to maintain the best possible response time to our potential customers and qualify our sales conversations, thereby creating a synergy between the online and offline efforts and the experience of buying our products— ultimately resulting in the best availability for our customers. Jens Petersen When working as Head of Online at Tryg Forsikring At Tryg we have used bmetric for several years. In part to gain insight as to why customers are calling, so we can offer better help, faster; and in part to make sure that our user experience is the best possible across channels, whether you want to buy online or talk to our sales department. bmetric has always delivered swift and high-quality service. Melvin Rostamkhan Online Marketer at Klaverblad Verzekeringen At Klaverblad we want to offer an impeccable service to our customers. With bmetric we make sure that potential customers on the website can easily reach us via the phone. In addition, bmetric helps us segment our online visitors to display relevant information that meets the visitor's needs. In short, with bmetric we ensure a perfect synergy between online and offline communication. Rune Grønvaldt Hansen Director of Online Sales at Telia Telia wants the best for our customers, and that means striking a perfect balance in the user journey so that visitors are effortlessly able to buy online but also get the help they need in the call-centre - all depending on their personal preference. bmetric has helped us strike that balance. We have always experienced the highest urgency and care for our setup after working with bmetric for many years. Paula Borsboom Customer Journey Owner at Greenchoice In the collaboration with bmetric, we gained a stronger insight into the customer journey of our website visitors, which allows us to shape our website to their needs and make sure they have the best experience with our services. With bmetric we are able to optimize our contact channel in such a way, that what we can create better digital experiences for our customers, and we can also increase our website performance from a sales perspective. Jeffrey van Peer Online Marketeer at Delta Energie At Delta Energie we are constantly looking for potential improvements in order to serve our audience in the right way, via the desired contact channel. Since 2020, bmetric has helped us with this, through the successful use of a customer contact strategy and finding the balance between online and offline sales. The pleasant cooperation and the high-quality reporting will undoubtedly result in better digital information, increased self-service actions and new sales also this year.Get in touch Name Company Email Phone Denmark (Danmark) +45 Norway (Norge) +47 Sweden (Sverige) +46 Finland (Suomi) +358 Iceland (Ísland) +354 Belgium (België) +32 Netherlands (Nederland) +31 Italy (Italia) +39 Germany (Deutschland) +49 France +33 Afghanistan (‫افغانستان‬‎) +93 Albania (Shqipëri) +355 Algeria (‫الجزائر‬‎) +213 American Samoa +1684 Andorra +376 Angola +244 Anguilla +1264 Antigua and Barbuda +1268 Argentina +54 Armenia (Հայաստան) +374 Aruba +297 Australia +61 Austria (Österreich) +43 Azerbaijan (Azərbaycan) +994 Bahamas +1242 Bahrain (‫البحرين‬‎) +973 Bangladesh (বাংলাদেশ) +880 Barbados +1246 Belarus (Беларусь) +375 Belgium (België) +32 Belize +501 Benin (Bénin) +229 Bermuda +1441 Bhutan (འབྲུག) +975 Bolivia +591 Bosnia and Herzegovina (Босна и Херцеговина) +387 Botswana +267 Brazil (Brasil) +55 British Indian Ocean Territory +246 British Virgin Islands +1284 Brunei +673 Bulgaria (България) +359 Burkina Faso +226 Burundi (Uburundi) +257 Cambodia (កម្ពុជា) +855 Cameroon (Cameroun) +237 Canada +1 Cape Verde (Kabu Verdi) +238 Caribbean Netherlands +599 Cayman Islands +1345 Central African Republic (République centrafricaine) +236 Chad (Tchad) +235 Chile +56 China (中国) +86 Christmas Island +61 Cocos (Keeling) Islands +61 Colombia +57 Comoros (‫جزر القمر‬‎) +269 Congo (DRC) (Jamhuri ya Kidemokrasia ya Kongo) +243 Congo (Republic) (Congo-Brazzaville) +242 Cook Islands +682 Costa Rica +506 Côte d’Ivoire +225 Croatia (Hrvatska) +385 Cuba +53 Curaçao +599 Cyprus (Κύπρος) +357 Czech Republic (Česká republika) +420 Denmark (Danmark) +45 Djibouti +253 Dominica +1767 Dominican Republic (República Dominicana) +1 Ecuador +593 Egypt (‫مصر‬‎) +20 El Salvador +503 Equatorial Guinea (Guinea Ecuatorial) +240 Eritrea +291 Estonia (Eesti) +372 Ethiopia +251 Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) +500 Faroe Islands (Føroyar) +298 Fiji +679 Finland (Suomi) +358 France +33 French Guiana (Guyane française) +594 French Polynesia (Polynésie française) +689 Gabon +241 Gambia +220 Georgia (საქართველო) +995 Germany (Deutschland) +49 Ghana (Gaana) +233 Gibraltar +350 Greece (Ελλάδα) +30 Greenland (Kalaallit Nunaat) +299 Grenada +1473 Guadeloupe +590 Guam +1671 Guatemala +502 Guernsey +44 Guinea (Guinée) +224 Guinea-Bissau (Guiné Bissau) +245 Guyana +592 Haiti +509 Honduras +504 Hong Kong (香港) +852 Hungary (Magyarország) +36 Iceland (Ísland) +354 India (भारत) +91 Indonesia +62 Iran (‫ایران‬‎) +98 Iraq (‫العراق‬‎) +964 Ireland +353 Isle of Man +44 Israel (‫ישראל‬‎) +972 Italy (Italia) +39 Jamaica +1 Japan (日本) +81 Jersey +44 Jordan (‫الأردن‬‎) +962 Kazakhstan (Казахстан) +7 Kenya +254 Kiribati +686 Kosovo +383 Kuwait (‫الكويت‬‎) +965 Kyrgyzstan (Кыргызстан) +996 Laos (ລາວ) +856 Latvia (Latvija) +371 Lebanon (‫لبنان‬‎) +961 Lesotho +266 Liberia +231 Libya (‫ليبيا‬‎) +218 Liechtenstein +423 Lithuania (Lietuva) +370 Luxembourg +352 Macau (澳門) +853 Macedonia (FYROM) (Македонија) +389 Madagascar (Madagasikara) +261 Malawi +265 Malaysia +60 Maldives +960 Mali +223 Malta +356 Marshall Islands +692 Martinique +596 Mauritania (‫موريتانيا‬‎) +222 Mauritius (Moris) +230 Mayotte +262 Mexico (México) +52 Micronesia +691 Moldova (Republica Moldova) +373 Monaco +377 Mongolia (Монгол) +976 Montenegro (Crna Gora) +382 Montserrat +1664 Morocco (‫المغرب‬‎) +212 Mozambique (Moçambique) +258 Myanmar (Burma) (မြန်မာ) +95 Namibia (Namibië) +264 Nauru +674 Nepal (नेपाल) +977 Netherlands (Nederland) +31 New Caledonia (Nouvelle-Calédonie) +687 New Zealand +64 Nicaragua +505 Niger (Nijar) +227 Nigeria +234 Niue +683 Norfolk Island +672 North Korea (조선 민주주의 인민 공화국) +850 Northern Mariana Islands +1670 Norway (Norge) +47 Oman (‫عُمان‬‎) +968 Pakistan (‫پاکستان‬‎) +92 Palau +680 Palestine (‫فلسطين‬‎) +970 Panama (Panamá) +507 Papua New Guinea +675 Paraguay +595 Peru (Perú) +51 Philippines +63 Poland (Polska) +48 Portugal +351 Puerto Rico +1 Qatar (‫قطر‬‎) +974 Réunion (La Réunion) +262 Romania (România) +40 Russia (Россия) +7 Rwanda +250 Saint Barthélemy +590 Saint Helena +290 Saint Kitts and Nevis +1869 Saint Lucia +1758 Saint Martin (Saint-Martin (partie française)) +590 Saint Pierre and Miquelon (Saint-Pierre-et-Miquelon) +508 Saint Vincent and the Grenadines +1784 Samoa +685 San Marino +378 São Tomé and Príncipe (São Tomé e Príncipe) +239 Saudi Arabia (‫المملكة العربية السعودية‬‎) +966 Senegal (Sénégal) +221 Serbia (Србија) +381 Seychelles +248 Sierra Leone +232 Singapore +65 Sint Maarten +1721 Slovakia (Slovensko) +421 Slovenia (Slovenija) +386 Solomon Islands +677 Somalia (Soomaaliya) +252 South Africa +27 South Korea (대한민국) +82 South Sudan (‫جنوب السودان‬‎) +211 Spain (España) +34 Sri Lanka (ශ්‍රී ලංකාව) +94 Sudan (‫السودان‬‎) +249 Suriname +597 Svalbard and Jan Mayen +47 Swaziland +268 Sweden (Sverige) +46 Switzerland (Schweiz) +41 Syria (‫سوريا‬‎) +963 Taiwan (台灣) +886 Tajikistan +992 Tanzania +255 Thailand (ไทย) +66 Timor-Leste +670 Togo +228 Tokelau +690 Tonga +676 Trinidad and Tobago +1868 Tunisia (‫تونس‬‎) +216 Turkey (Türkiye) +90 Turkmenistan +993 Turks and Caicos Islands +1649 Tuvalu +688 U.S.Virgin Islands +1340 Uganda +256 Ukraine (Україна) +380 United Arab Emirates (‫الإمارات العربية المتحدة‬‎) +971 United Kingdom +44 United States +1 Uruguay +598 Uzbekistan (Oʻzbekiston) +998 Vanuatu +678 Vatican City (Città del Vaticano) +39 Venezuela +58 Vietnam (Việt Nam) +84 Wallis and Futuna (Wallis-et-Futuna) +681 Western Sahara (‫الصحراء الغربية‬‎) +212 Yemen (‫اليمن‬‎) +967 Zambia +260 Zimbabwe +263 Åland Islands +358 Comment Professional Services Full Services Technologies About Us Scandinavia United Kingdom BENELUX Germany © Copyright 2023 | hello@bmetric.com | CVR. 35523472 | Danneskiold-Samsøes Allé 41, 1434 - Copenhagen - DenmarkWe value your privacy and trust. The Adobe Privacy Center makes it easy to find information on privacy topics, including your choices about how we collect and use your information. We value your privacy and trust. The Adobe Privacy Center makes it easy to find information on privacy topics, including your choices about how we collect and use your information. What does Adobe do with your personal information? Learn more about how Adobe uses your information as you use Adobe apps and visit Adobe websites: What do Adobe’s business customers do with your information? Learn more about how Adobe’s business customers use Adobe solutions to personalize and improve the performance of their websites, apps, and marketing messages, and to securely manage digital documents: Questions? Contact us . Shop for Creative Cloud Photoshop Adobe Express Photography Premiere Pro Adobe Stock Elements Family Document Cloud Acrobat Acrobat Sign Special offers View plans and pricing View all products For business Creative Cloud for teams Creative Cloud for enterprise Document Cloud for business For education Discounts for students and teachers Schools and universities Digital Learning Solutions For mobile Apps for iOS Apps for Android Experience Cloud What is Experience Cloud? Analytics Experience Manager Commerce Marketo Engage Workfront Terms of Use Support Download and install Help Center Adobe Support Community Enterprise Support Genuine software Resources Adobe Blog Adobe Developer Adobe Account Log in to your account Adobe About Careers Newsroom Corporate responsibility Investor Relations Supply chain Trust Center Events Diversity and inclusion Integrity Featured products Adobe Acrobat Reader Adobe Express Photoshop Illustrator Privacy Terms of Use Cookie preferences Do not sell or share my personal information AdChoices Language Navigation Language Navigation Choose your region Selecting a region changes the language and/or content on Adobe.com. AmericasEurope, Middle East and AfricaAsia Pacific Chat with usPrivacy Policy Introduction What information do we collect? We at Queue-it care about our Website visitors and other stakeholders, and that means we care about you and your privacy. We always collect personal information responsibly and with your privacy in mind.It is important to us that you are aware of what information we collect about you and how it is collected. In order to provide our services, such as when you request a white paper and submit a form on our website, we need to collect certain personal information. You may directly or indirectly give us information about yourself in a variety of ways. Typical examples are: You are interested in our service and ask for free trial for our solutionYou are interested in our service and ask for a demo, guides or white paper(s)You are interested to work for us and visit our website Queue-it makes sure to collect personal information with the utmost consideration for your privacy. Queue-it has a Data Privacy Officer and specialists focusing on security and data privacy. In addition to that, we have a support team that acts as an extension of our Data Privacy Officer and will support you with privacy-related inquiries. For further details on how we respect your privacy, please read our Privacy Policy and Cookie Statement. If you want to know how your information is treated, check out ‘What do we do with your information?’ below. What do we do with your information? We at Queue-it care about our website visitors and other stakeholders, and that means we care about you and your privacy. We always collect personal information responsibly and with your privacy in mind. It is important to us that you are aware of how we handle your personal information. There are different scenarios where we need to process your information depending on purpose.Typical examples are: We might need you to confirm your contact information before giving you access to a free trial or sending you our white paper(s)We might need your contact information if you want to apply for a position at Queue-it For example, when you are visiting our website and want to have access to a free trial to test our Queue service, we need your email and contact information to be able to validate your request before sending you login details. Privacy Policy Queue-it is dedicated to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how Queue-it collects and uses your personal data. It also describes your rights towards us and how to exercise them. You may always reach out to us on matters of privacy and data protection by sending an email to privacy@queue-it.com . In order to provide our services, we need to process your personal data. We do this with the utmost consideration. What do we do with your information? Provide, operate and improve our services. All data is used to provide, operate and improve Queue-it’s services and the information you give us, or we collect, is generally required to improve the user experience or to fulfill the service that we provide. Information you give us or we collect about you You may directly or indirectly give us information about yourself in a variety of ways, such as when you contact us via our website, apply for a job, etc. Queue-it processes personal data for the following purposes and based on the following legal bases: Website visitor & prospective customer When you visit our website, we may collect the following information in order to provide the requested Service, generate website statistics and analytics, improve the customer experience on the website and target the right audience with our advertising: Personal and contact information – name, company email and phone number. Traffic information – as provided by your web browser such as browser type, language and the address of the website from which you arrived and other traffic information such as IP address Clickstream behavior – such as which links you click and when Other personal data – data contained in your profile on third party social networks (Facebook, LinkedIn, etc.) Communicate with you Queue-it may also use your data to communicate relevant information regarding used or similar services. If you do not wish to receive such communication, please send an email to privacy@queue-it.com . What we DO NOT do with your data We will not sell your personal details to third parties. Where do we store your personal data? We always strive to process your data within the EU/EEA area. The data may however in certain situations be transferred to and processed in other regions by a supplier or subcontractor. As Queue-it is committed to always protecting your data, Queue-it will take all reasonable legal, technical, and organizational measures to ensure that your data is treated securely and with an adequate level of protection compared to and in line with at least the level of protection offered within the EU/EEA. How long do we keep your personal data?We keep your data only as long as necessary to fulfil our obligations towards you and as required by statutory retention periods. Where we keep your data for purposes beyond those of our obligations, we keep the data only as long as necessary for the respective purpose. Your rights to access, rectification and deletion Right to access your data. You may request a transcript of records if you would like to know and verify the information we have on you. The required information will be delivered within 45 days of receiving the verifiable request. Right to rectification. You have the right to correct inaccurate or incomplete information about yourself. Right to deletion (“right to be forgotten”). You have the right to request the deletion of your personal data insofar as this personal data is no longer necessary for the purpose it was collected. For Californian citizens the information will be deleted upon the request. Contact. For issues relating to your rights to access, rectification and deletion please contact privacy@queue-it.com . What about cookies and similar tracking technologies? We use cookies and similar technologies to deliver a tailored and smooth online experience. For detailed information about how Queue-it uses cookies and similar, please read our cookie statement. Cookie statement Please reference Queue-it’s website cookie statement: https://queue-it.com/cookie-statement/ Contact us Queue-it ApS is a company incorporated and registered in Denmark with company number DK 33052901 whose registered office is at Skelbækgade 2-4, 1717 Copenhagen V, Denmark. Queue-it has a Data Privacy Officer and specialists focusing on security and data privacy. You can always reach Queue-it’s Data Privacy teams at: privacy@queue-it.com . Queue-it is the responsible entity (controller) for the processing of your personal data as a website visitor, a prospective customer or a job candidate. Queue-it is subject to Danish data protection legislation. Visit https://queue-it.com for further information on Queue-it. This Privacy Policy was last updated on July 1st, 2021. Download the Privacy Policy Product Get started Resources Company Industries Language Follow us on social media LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram Cookie settings Queue-it and our partners save information on your device to offer a customized experience, enable visitor statistics, and support personalized marketing. You decide which types of cookies you accept in addition to the necessary ones needed for the website to work. Functional Visitor statistics Marketing Necessary These cookies are needed for the website to function technically and functionally and must therefore be accepted to visit the site. Cloudflare__cf_bm This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Open policy for Cloudflare in new window 2 hours, 31 minutes .vimeo.com __cf_bm This cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots. This is beneficial for the website, in order to make valid reports on the use of their website. Open policy for Cloudflare in new window 2 hours, 31 minutes .hubspot.com CookieTractor_cc_cookieConsent Used to save your given cookie consents between site visits. Open policy for CookieTractor in new window 11 months, 30 days queue-it.com NewRelicJSESSIONID Used by Application Monitoring tool to track a unique user session on the website. This tool is used by the site owner to detect issues with the website and this cookie does not store any personal information. Open policy for NewRelic in new window When browser is closed .nr-data.net Queue-itASP.NET_SessionId Used by the web framework to handle sessions for the visitor. When browser is closed queue-it.com __RequestVerificationToken Used to to prevent forgery request to the web server, "Cross site scripting". When browser is closed queue-it.com queue-it.comsession-id Necessary for website maintenance 2 years queue-it.com Teamtailor_ttCookiePermissions Open policy for Teamtailor in new window When browser is closed careers.queue-it.com referrer Open policy for Teamtailor in new window When browser is closed careers.queue-it.com YouTubeCONSENT Used to determine which cookie categories the visitor has given consent to. Open policy for YouTube in new window 1 year, 11 months .youtube.com CONSENT Used to determine which cookie categories the visitor has given consent to. Open policy for YouTube in new window 1 year, 11 months .youtube-nocookie.com Visitor statistics These cookies are used to collect statistics about visitors, which pages they visit, and what they do on the website. Google Analytics_ga This cookie is set by Google Analytics to distinguish unique users and track visitor interactions with the website. It enables data collection on user behaviour, such as page views and session duration.This information helps the website owner understand user engagement and optimise the site. Open policy for Google Analytics in new window 1 year, 11 months .queue-it.com _ga_.* Used to store and track visits on websites. Open policy for Google Analytics in new window 1 year, 11 months .queue-it.com Hotjar_hjAbsoluteSessionInProgress Used to identify the first page view of a session. Open policy for Hotjar in new window 2 hours, 31 minutes .queue-it.com _hjSession_* A cookie that holds the current session data. This ensues that subsequent requests within the session window will be attributed to the same Hotjar session. Open policy for Hotjar in new window 2 hours, 31 minutes .queue-it.com _hjIncludedInSessionSample Used for Hotjar to know if that visitor's session is included in data sampling. Open policy for Hotjar in new window 2 hours, 3 minutes .queue-it.com _hjFirstSeen Used to identify new visitors' first session. Open policy for Hotjar in new window 2 hours, 31 minutes .queue-it.com Vimeovuid Used to store the user's usage history. Open policy for Vimeo in new window 1 year, 11 months .vimeo.com YouTubeYSC Used by YouTube to remember user input and associate a user’s actions. Open policy for YouTube in new window When browser is closed .youtube.com Marketing These cookies are used to track visitors in different digital channels to be able to serve personalized ads and marketing. Adobes_tslv Used to retain and fetch time since last visit in Adobe Analytics Open policy for Adobe in new window Permanent .linkedin.com gpv_pn Used to retain and fetch previous page visited in Adobe Analytics Open policy for Adobe in new window Permanent .linkedin.com s_tp Tracks percent of page viewed Open policy for Adobe in new window When browser is closed .linkedin.com AMCV_14215E3D5995C5 7C0A495C55%40AdobeO rg Unique Identifier for Adobe Experience Cloud Open policy for Adobe in new window When browser is closed .linkedin.com s_ips Tracks percent of page viewed Open policy for Adobe in new window When browser is closed .linkedin.com Google AdSense_gcl_au Used for "Convertion Linker" to connect website conversions against advertising with Google Ads. Open policy for Google AdSense in new window When browser is closed .linkedin.com HubspotmessagesUtk This cookie is used to recognize visitors who use the chat feature. It contains an opaque GUID to represent the current chat user. Open policy for Hubspot in new window 5 months, 27 days .queue-it.com hubspotutk This cookie is used to recognize visitors who chat with you via the chatflows tool. If the visitor leaves your site before they're added as a contact, they will have this cookie associated with their browser. Open policy for Hubspot in new window Permanent .hubspot.com hubspotapi-csrf This is used for CSRF prevention - preventing third party websites from accessing your data. Expires after a year. Open policy for Hubspot in new window Permanent .hubspot.com hubspotapi This cookie allows the user to access the app with the correct permissions. the cookie itself is short-lived (5mins), but the authorization will persist for 28 days if "remember me" is checked, or for 7 days if not checked. After that, we make the user login again. Open policy for Hubspot in new window When browser is closed .hubspot.com csrf.app Open policy for Hubspot in new window Permanent Hubspot __hssrc Whenever HubSpot changes the session cookie, this cookie is also set to determine if the visitor has restarted their browser. If this cookie does not exist when HubSpot manages cookies, it is considered a new session. It contains the value "1" when present. It expires at the end of the session. Open policy for Hubspot in new window When browser is closed .queue-it.com __hstc The main cookie for tracking visitors. It contains the domain, utk, initial timestamp (first visit), last timestamp (last visit), current timestamp (this visit), and session number (increments for each subsequent session).Open policy for Hubspot in new window When browser is closed .queue-it.com hs_c2l HubSpot Authentication Open policy for HubSpot in new window When browser is closed hubspot.com LinkedIn13li_mc Used as a temporary cache to avoid database lookups for a member's consent for use of non-essential cookies and used for having consent information on the client side to enforce consent on the client side Open policy for LinkedIn in new window Permanent .linkedin.com lms_analytics Used to identify LinkedIn Members off LinkedIn for analytics Open policy for LinkedIn in new window Permanent .linkedin.com lms_ads Used to identify LinkedIn Members off LinkedIn for advertising Open policy for LinkedIn in new window Permanent .linkedin.com AnalyticsSyncHistory Used to store information about the time a sync with the lms_analytics cookie took place for users in the Designated Countries Open policy for LinkedIn in new window Permanent .linkedin.com _guid Used to identify a LinkedIn Member for advertising through Google Ads Open policy for LinkedIn in new window Permanent linkedin.com bcookie Browser Identifier cookie to uniquely identify devices accessing LinkedIn to detect abuse on the platform Open policy for LinkedIn in new window When browser is closed .linkedin.com liap Used by non-www.domains to denote the logged in status of a member Open policy for LinkedIn in new window Permanent linkedin.com UserMatchHistory LinkedIn Ads ID syncing Open policy for LinkedIn in new window Permanent .linkedin.com li_sugr Used to make a probabilistic match of a user's identity outside the Designated Countries Open policy for LinkedIn in new window When browser is closed .linkedin.com lidc To facilitate data center selection Open policy for LinkedIn in new window When browser is closed .linkedin.com bscookie Used for remembering that a logged in user is verified by two factor authentication. Open policy for LinkedIn in new window 11 months, 30 days .www.linkedin.com li_gc Used to store consent of guests regarding the use of cookies for non-essential purposes Open policy for LinkedIn in new window 5 months, 27 days .linkedin.com ln_or Used to determine if Oribi analytics can be carried out on a specific domain Open policy for LinkedIn in new window 1 day, 2 hours queue-it.com YouTubeVISITOR_INFO1_LIVE This cookie contains a unique ID used to remember your preferences and other information. Open policy for YouTube in new window 5 months, 27 days .youtube.com Your current consent Information about your current cookie consent and when you set it. Read more about CookieTractor (opens in new window)Privacy Policy inSided understands that as visitors to our website(s): www.insided.com or any other website owned and/or operated by inSided (“Website”), potential customers, and Users of inSided Services (“Services”), you care about how your information is collected, used, processed, transferred, stored, and shared. This Privacy Policy describes the lengths to which inSided goes to protect your privacy, including the ways in which we may contact you. It forms a part of our Website Terms of Use ( www.insided.com/website-terms-of-use/ ), Cookie Policy ( www.insided.com/cookie-policy/ ), and Terms and Conditions ( www.insided.com/terms-and-conditions/ ), and all other documents incorporated therein (the “insided Terms”). Any capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy are defined as set out in the Terms. Please familiarize yourself with the contents of this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about it or our treatment of your information, please contact us by e-mail at: privacy@insided.com . This Privacy Policy is updated on an ongoing basis, as necessary, and a formal review is conducted annually. We will handle your information in accordance with the Privacy Policy in effect at that time. Updates will be posted publicly on the Website and be effective immediately as of the date of posting, as indicated at the bottom of this document. If we make substantive changes to the purposes and policies set out here, we will update you by email or in-application notification. This Privacy Policy exclusively provides information on how inSided handles data of which inSided is controller, meaning all data we process for our own purposes. The way we handle data our customers control and inSided processes is covered by our DPA ( www.insided.com/data-processing-addendum ) 1. Purposes and categories of data processing 1.1 Use of inSided Services: We may collect Personal Data from Users of our Website and Services to help us provide for- and manage their inSided account information. We process this Personal Data on the lawful ground of the performance of the agreement with our User(s). We retain any Personal Data processed for this purpose until termination or expiration of this agreement. To make changes to the permission(s) you give us, please visit your inSided User profile. By default we may collect the following Personal Data: User ID;(first/last) Name;E-mail address;Phone number;Company information;IP-address;Device ID;Geographical location details;Language;Navigation information (e.g. clickpath, previously visited websites, pageview information etc.);Publicly available information (e.g. through Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter). 1.2 Handling contact- and/or sign up form(s): When you contact us via the Website chat function or contact form; sign up to download(s); sign up to receive and use our Services, you are required to provide some Personal Data. This personal data comprises of: (first/last) Name;E-mail address;Phone number (optional);Company information. We may process this personal data on the lawful ground of the performance of an agreement with you. 1.3 Contacting you: We may contact you for direct marketing purposes, but only with your prior consent. We retain Personal Data processed for this purpose until you withdraw your consent. 1.4 Social media buttons: On our Website we use social media plug-ins. Plug-ins can be recognized by the social media buttons marked with the logos of these companies. We have implemented these plug-ins using the so-called 2-click solution. This means that when you surf on our Website, no information of you will initially be collected by the providers of these social media plug-ins. Only if you click on one of the plug-ins or one of the videos will your information be transmitted. Information on the purpose and scope of data collection and its processing by social media platforms can be found in the respective data protection policies of these providers, where you will also find further information on your rights and options for privacy protection. Please refer to the websites of these social media platforms for their data protection policies. 1.5 Use of Customer testimonials & quotes: We may publish customer testimonials and quotes on the Website or in other marketing materials, which may contain some Personal Data. inSided obtains consent from each customer and the featured individuals prior to publication, unless the data & information is publicly available. 1.6 Cookies: Some information is collected via the Website and our Services using cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy ( www.insided.com/cookie-policy/ ). Please note that most of the cookies we use are functional cookies, but for the use of some of the cookies with which Personal Data is processed we shall ask you for your prior consent. Our Cookies Policy lists an overview of cookies that we use.These cookies may collect the following Personal Data IP-address;Device ID;Geographical location details;Navigation information (e.g. clickstream, previously visited websites, pageview information etc.);Publicly available information (e.g. through Facebook, LinkedIn and Twitter). Generally, we may use your Personal Data collected through the use of cookies for the following purposes (linked to the above mentioned purposes): Personalising the Website for the legitimate purpose of improving your browsing experience. We retain Personal Data processed for this purpose until your browsing session with us has ended in case or until such time you no longer have a profile with us, if this is longer;Understanding User preferences for the legitimate purpose of improving our Services. We retain Personal Data processed for this purpose for one (1) year after your last log-in to our Services;Linking your Navigation Information and Personal Data to learn your preferences and those of people like you for the legitimate purpose of improving our strategy and offerings. We will only collect information about which website you visited prior to visiting us or which link or campaign you clicked on to get to us for the purpose of improving our marketing strategy and always with your prior consent. We retain Personal Data processed for this purpose for one (1) year after collection. Moreover, if Personal Data is processed based on given consent this consent may be withdrawn at any time. If you for instance are featured in a customer testimonial or quote and wish to withdraw your consent, please send an email with your request to privacy@insided.com . 2. Service Providers 2.1 The Website and our Services integrate some services provided by third parties. We may share some of your information with these service providers so they can provide their services, including removing repetitive information from prospect lists, analyzing data, marketing support, customer and/or User profiling, business development, and customer service. 2.2 To ensure that your Personal Data is processed, used, stored, and transferred securely and in accordance with European Union law, inSided uses service providers that provide sufficient guarantees to implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect your information. For service providers that may transfer Personal Data outside the European Economic Area, inSided confirms that it implements appropriate safeguards for such transfers (e.g. EU Standard Clauses ( https://ec.europa.eu )). 3. Transfer or Required Disclosure of your Personal Data 3.1 Transfer of Personal Data: As an international company with customers and Users worldwide, we may transfer and access Personal Data from around the world, including the United States. To comply with European Union data protection law, we maintain strong data protection and privacy controls to protect your Personal Data and ensure it during cross-border and international transfers, as well as during periods of storage in foreign countries, EU Standard Contractual Clauses). 3.2 Required Disclosure of your Personal Data: We may use or disclose your Personal Data if required by law, if we reasonably determine that such use or disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, operations, or Users; to comply with a law, court order, or legal process; or to otherwise perform our contractual obligations with you. We may transfer the data we control, including Personal Data, in the event of a company reorganization, merger, or sale. 3.3 External Websites: The Website and our Services may contain links to other websites run by third parties. Our provision of these links does not amount to our endorsement of these other websites, nor their content, owners, or practices. inSided does not control or assume responsibility for the content or practices of these other websites or third parties. This Privacy Policy does not apply to those other websites, which are governed by their own terms and policies. inSided will under no circumstance sell your Personal Data to a third party or share your Personal Data with a third party other than disclosed in this Privacy Policy. 4.Retention & Security of Personal Data 4.1 Retention of Personal Data: We retain Personal Data for as long as we reasonably consider it to be necessary for the purposes for which it was collected, or for as long as legally obliged through set retention periods. After the retention period we will securely delete the information. You can also request deletion of your Personal Data in accordance with inSided’s Opt-Out & Anti-Spam Policy below. 4.2 Security of Personal Data: We use a range of security technologies and processes to protect your Personal Data from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure, including encryption of Personal Data both in transit and at rest using state-of-the-art encryption algorithms and following best practices.Our servers are housed in secure and controlled environments administered by Amazon Web Services (“AWS”), which are protected as per the AWS Cloud Security policy ( https://aws.amazon.com/security/). 5. Information of Children The Website and our Services are for business use and are not intended for or targeted toward children under 16 (“Children”). We do not knowingly collect any information about Children, but if you believe that we have unintentionally collected information about Children, please contact us at privacy@insided.com so that we can delete the information. 6. Your Rights: Opt-Out & Anti-Spam Policy 6.1 With respect to your Personal Data, you have the right to: Request that your Personal Data will not be processed;Review the Personal Data that we have about you;Request a correction of any errors in or update of the Personal Data that we have about you;Request that your Personal Data will not be used to contact you for direct marketing purposes;Request that your Personal Data will not be used for profiling purposes;Request that your Personal Data will not be used to contact you at all;Request that your Personal Data be transferred or exported to another organization, or deleted from our records; or At any time, withdraw any permission you have given us to process your Personal Data. In addition, if you want to file a complaint about the way we process your Personal Data or the way we have handled a request made by you, you can file a complaint with the data protection authority of the country where you live or work or the country where you believe your data has not been processed lawfully by us. We hope this will not be necessary and would like to assure you we will do our best to resolve any dissatisfaction you may have. It is also possible to file a complaint with us by email to privacy@insided.com . 6.2 To Review, Change or Remove Personal Data or file a complaint: Please email your request to privacy@insided.com . We will act without any undue delay in response and will notify you accordingly at the latest within 4 weeks. We may ask you some verification questions before providing Personal Data to you. If for any reason we are unable to fully handle your request within 4 weeks after filing we will motivate our reasons for this within that period. In these circumstances we endeavor to fulfill your request satisfactory to your wishes within 8 weeks after that. Please note that the collection, processing, use, sharing, storage, and transfer some of your Personal Data may be necessary for the above purposes. Without this Personal Data, it will not be possible for you to make use of our services. If we receive a request to delete Personal Data that has been categorized as necessary for these purposes, we will contact you and work with you to find a reasonable solution. 6.3 To withdraw consent for Direct Marketing and/or Profiling: You may at any time withdraw your consent for direct marketing communications and/or related profiling at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our emails, contacting us by email at privacy@insided.com . Please note that our customers and Users cannot opt out of receiving Service and transactional emails related to their inSided account. 7. Contact Details You can reach out to inSided by sending an e-mail to privacy@insided.com . Amsterdam office: Singel 118A 1015 AE AmsterdamThe Netherlands New York office: 3 West 18th StreetNew York, NY 10011USA Dutch Data Protection Authority: Postal address: Postbus 933742509 AJ DEN HAAGWeb: https://autoriteitpersoonsgegevens.nl/utch: Product Solutions Company Guides Copyright © 2023 inSided. All rights reserved. Privacy Preference Center Your PrivacyStrictly Necessary CookiesFunctional CookiesPerformance CookiesTargeting Cookies Your Privacy When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. User ID: Timestamp: Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work.These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Cookie List Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelPrivacy & Terms How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services Google is experimenting with new ways of supporting the delivery and measurement of digital advertising in ways that better protect people’s privacy online via Chrome’s Privacy Sandbox initiative. Users that participate in Chrome’s Privacy Sandbox Origin Trials may see relevant ads from Google based on Topics or FLEDGE data stored on, or shared with, their browser. Google may also measure ad performance using Attribution Reporting data stored on, or shared with, their browsers. More information on the Privacy Sandbox . How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services Many websites and apps use Google services to improve their content and keep it free. When they integrate our services, these sites and apps share information with Google. For example, when you visit a website that uses advertising services like AdSense, including analytics tools like Google Analytics, or embeds video content from YouTube, your web browser automatically sends certain information to Google. This includes the URL of the page you’re visiting and your IP address. We may also set cookies on your browser or read cookies that are already there. Apps that use Google advertising services also share information with Google, such as the name of the app and a unique identifier for advertising. Google uses the information shared by sites and apps to deliver our services, maintain and improve them, develop new services, measure the effectiveness of advertising, protect against fraud and abuse, and personalize content and ads you see on Google and on our partners’ sites and apps. See our Privacy Policy to learn more about how we process data for each of these purposes and our Advertising page for more about Google ads, how your information is used in the context of advertising, and how long Google stores this information. Our Privacy Policy explains the legal grounds Google relies upon to process your information — for example, we may process your information with your consent or to pursue legitimate interests such as providing, maintaining and improving our services to meet the needs of our users. Sometimes, when processing information shared with us by sites and apps, those sites and apps will ask for your consent before allowing Google to process your information. For example, a banner may appear on a site asking for consent for Google to process the information that site collects. When that happens, we will respect the purposes described in the consent you give to the site or app, rather than the legal grounds described in the Google Privacy Policy. If you want to change or withdraw your consent, you should visit the site or app in question to do so. Ad personalization If ad personalization is turned on, Google will use your information to make your ads more useful for you. For example, a website that sells mountain bikes might use Google's ad services. After you visit that site, you could see an ad for mountain bikes on a different site that shows ads served by Google. If ad personalization is off, Google will not collect or use your information to create an ad profile or personalize the ads Google shows to you. You will still see ads, but they may not be as useful. Ads may still be based on the topic of the website or app you're looking at, your current search terms, or on your general location, but not on your interests, search history, or browsing history. Your information can still be used for the other purposes mentioned above, such as to measure the effectiveness of advertising and protect against fraud and abuse. When you interact with a website or app that uses Google services, you may be asked to choose whether you want to see personalized ads from ad providers, including Google. Regardless of your choice, Google will not personalize the ads you see if your ad personalization setting is off or your account is ineligible for personalized ads. You can see and control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings . How you can control the information collected by Google on these sites and apps Here are some of the ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps that use Google services: Ad Settings helps you control ads you see on Google services (such as Google Search or YouTube), or on non-Google websites and apps that use Google ad services. You can also learn how ads are personalized, opt out of ad personalization, and block specific advertisers.If you are signed in to your Google Account, and depending on your Account settings, My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, including the information we collect from the sites and apps you have visited. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.Many websites and apps use Google Analytics to understand how visitors engage with their sites or apps. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can install the Google Analytics browser add-on . Learn more about Google Analytics and privacy . Incognito mode in Chrome allows you to browse the web without recording webpages and files in your browser or Account history (unless you choose to sign in). Cookies are deleted after you've closed all of your incognito windows and tabs, and your bookmarks and settings are stored until you delete them. Learn more about cookies . Many browsers, including Chrome, allow you to block third-party cookies. You can also clear any existing cookies from within your browser. Learn more about managing cookies in Chrome . Change language:Cookie policy app.cookieinformation.com, cookieinformation.com, staging.cookieinformation.com, go.cookieinformation.com, compliance-check.cookieinformation.com, webinar.cookieinformation.com What is a cookie? A cookie is a small data file stored in your computer, tablet or smartphone. A cookie is not a program that can contain harmful malware or virus. How our website uses cookies Some cookies perform essential functions for our website. Cookies also help us get an overview of your visit to our website so we can continuously optimize and tailor the experience to your needs and interests. For example, cookies remember things like the items added to the shopping cart; whether you have visited our website before; if you are logged in; and the specific language and currency you prefer to see on the website. We also use cookies to target our ads specifically to you on other websites. In general, we use cookies as part of our service to present you with content that is as relevant to you as possible. You can see the specific services that store cookies and why they do it, under the different categories: FunctionalStatisticalMarketing How long are cookies stored? The length of time a cookie is stored on your devices and browsers varies. The lifetime is calculated according to your last visit to the website. When a cookie expires, it is automatically deleted. All our cookies’ lifetimes are specified in our cookie policy. How to block or delete cookies You may at any time block all or just third-party cookies completely by changing the browser settings on your computer, tablet or smartphone. The location of these settings will depend on the browser you use. However, you should be aware that if you block all or just third-party cookies, there may be functions and services that you will be unable to use on the website (because these depend on cookies). You can opt-out of cookies from Google Analytics here . How can you delete cookies? It is easy to delete cookies that you have previously accepted. It depends on which browser (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, etc.) and device (smartphone, tablet, PC, Mac) you are using. You can typically find this information under settings – Security and Privacy – but this may vary from one browser to another. Specify which device/browser you are using (click the appropriate link): Changing your consent You can change your consent by either deleting cookies from your browser or by changing your original choice by clicking the link below: Remember: If you use more than one browser, you must delete cookies in all of them. Do you have any questions? If you have any comments or questions relating to our information and/or processing of personal data, please feel welcome to contact us. The cookie policy itself is updated once a month by Cookie Information . If you have any questions about our cookie policy, you are welcome to contact Cookie Information on their website. FunctionalStatisticalMarketing Consent Management Platform Leadership Meet our leadership team Career Join the team English DanishSwedishNorwegianFinnishGermanFrenchThai English Dansk Svenska Norsk Suomi Deutsch Français ไทย Login Request demo Free trial We respect the privacy of our clients & website visitors Last modified: 21st of March 2023 Privacy Policy Welcome to Cookie Information A/S’s privacy notice. Cookie Information A/S and its subsidiaries, (collectively, the “Cookie Information Group” or “we” or “us” or “our”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website, register to use our products and services, or to attend events, and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you. For the purposes of this privacy notice, the term, “Websites”, shall refer collectively to www.cookieinformation.com as well as the other websites that the Cookie Information Group operates and that link to this privacy notice. Who is data controller? The data controller for the processing described in this notice is: Cookie Information A/S Købmagergade 19,1150 Copenhagen K, DenmarkCVR 38758292 If you have questions regarding this Privacy Notice or about the Cookie Information Group’s privacy practices, please contact us by email at privacy@cookieinformation.com. INFORMATION we collect and how we collect it In the following we will tell you which types of personal data we may collect about you and how we collect it. In section 3 we have in a table explained the purposes for which we process your personal data and the lawful basis we rely on. We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows: Identity Data includes name, username, title and identity of the organisation you represent.Contact Data includes email, telephone numbers and address (most often the address of the organisation you represent). Financial Data includes bank account and payment card details. Transaction Data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us. Technical Data includes IP address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website. Profile Data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses. Usage Data includes information about how you use and interact with our website, products and services. Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences. Our products and services are mainly offered to businesses and other professional organisations. Financial data and transactional data will in consequence only rarely qualify as Personal Data as it relates to the organisation you represent and not you. In most situations the information is collected directly from you when you register to use our products and services, request marketing from us or otherwise communicate with us. As you interact with our website or services, we may automatically collect Technical Data and Usage Data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies and similar technologies. We may also receive Technical Data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. Please see our cookie policy for further details. We may receive Identity and Contact Data from the organisation you represent if you are authorized to log into and utilize our products and services in connection with your organisations account. The purposes and the lawful basis We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances: Where we need to perform the contract, we are about to enter into or have entered into with you or the organisation you represent cf. GDPR Article 6 (1) (b).Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests cf. GDPR Article 6 (1) (f).Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation cf. GDPR Article 6 (1) (c).Where you have provided your consent cf. GDPR Article 6 (1) (a). We have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. We have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate. Purpose/Activity Type of data Lawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest To register you as a new customer or as contact person for the organisation you represent (a) Identity (b) Contact i. Performance of a contract with you ii. Necessary for our legitimate interests to perform a contract with the organisation you represent To manage and perform the contract with you or the organisation you represent including: (a) enable you to access and use the Services, (b) to provide customer service and support (c) Manage payments, fees and charges (d) Collect and recover money owed to us (e) to send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages (a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Financial (d) Transaction (e) Technical data (f) Profile i. Performance of a contract with you ii. Necessary for our legitimate interests to perform a contract with the organisation you represent iii.Necessary to comply with a legal obligation (Bookkeeping, Accounting and Tax) To enable you to participate in events (a) Identity (b) Contact (a) Performance of a contract with you To send you newsletters or other marketing (a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Marketing and Communications (a) Your consent to receive e-marketing (b) Necessary for our legitimate interests to send you relevant marketing To administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data) (a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Technical (d) Usage (a) Necessary for our legitimate interests for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security and to prevent fraud To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences (a) Technical (b) Usage a) your consent(s) to our use of cookies for one or more purposes b) Necessary for our legitimate interests to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy To deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you (a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Profile (d) Usage (e) Marketing and Communications (f) Technical a) your consent(s) to our use of cookies for one or more purposes b) Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy) If you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at privacy@cookieinformation.com . SHARING OF INFORMATION COLLECTED Third-Party Service Providers: We share information, including personal information, with our third-party service providers that we use to provide hosting for and maintenance of our Websites and Services, application development, backup, storage, payment processing, marketing, analytics, and other services for us. These third-party service providers may have access to or process your personal information for the purpose of providing these services for us. We do not permit our third-party service providers to use the personal information that we share with them for any other purpose than in connection with the services they provide to us. We have entered into data processor agreements with all of our data processors. Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement Requests; Protection of Our Rights: In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We may disclose personal information to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We may also share such information if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms and Conditions, or as otherwise required by law. Testimonials: From time to time, we may post testimonials on the Websites that may contain personal information. We obtain your consent cf. GDPR art 6(1)(a) to post your name along with your testimonial. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at privacy@cookieinformation.com. Cookie Information Group Sharing: We may share information, including personal information, with any member of the Cookie Information Group, and they will use that information only for the purposes already described in this privacy notice. Business Transfers We may assign or transfer your account and related information and data, including any personal information, to any person or entity that acquires all or substantially all of our business, stock or assets, or with whom we merge. If we do, we will inform them of the requirement to handle your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice. Transfer to third countries We will not transfer your personal data to recipients outside EU or EEA unless we have ensured compliance with GDPR Chapter V. Some of our third-party service providers are established outside the EEA, including in the US so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the EEA. However, to ensure that your personal information receive an adequate level of protection we have ascertained that sufficient safety measures have been implemented to allow for the transfer either by an adequacy decision made by the European Commission or by use of standard contractual clauses approved by the European Commission which give personal data the same protection it has in Europe.You may request more information on our current data processors established outside the EEA and the safety measures in place to allow for the transfer of personal data– please send your request to us at privacy@cookieinformation.com . DATA RETENTION We retain the personal information we collect where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so. When we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it. Identity, Contact, Financial and Transaction Data is saved to demonstrate the agreement we have/have had and for book keeping and tax purposes for up to five full fiscal years after the expiry of the year in which you or the organisation you represent cancel the Service Account. Your consent to receive e-marketing will be saved for two years after the last time we relied on your consent to send marketing. We will stop sending you e-marketing when you withdraw your consent. Technical and Usage Data will be deleted 3 months after you or the organisation you represent cancel the Service Account. Data may be retained for longer period if we are legally obliged to do so, or if retention is necessary to establish, exercise or defend legal claims. HOW TO EXERCISE YOUR DATA PROTECTION RIGHTSYou have certain choices available to you when it comes to your personal information. Below is a summary of those choices, how to exercise them and any limitations:Request access to your personal information (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.Request correction of the personal information that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected. Request erasure of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it.Object to processing of your personal information where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal information for direct marketing purposes. You may manage your receipt of marketing and non-transactional communications by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link located on the bottom of our marketing emails or you may send a request to privacy@cookieinformation.com. Request the restriction of processing of your personal information. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.Request the transfer of your personal information to another party (also known as data portability).Where our processing is solely based on your specific consent you have the right to with-draw your consent at any time. Such withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. If you wish to exercise any of the data protection rights that are available to you then please send your request to privacy@cookieinformation.com and we will action your request in accordance with applicable data protection laws. You have the right to complain to your local data protection authority if you are unhappy with our data protection practices. In Denmark you can lodge a complaint with Datatilsynet at [ https://www.datatilsynet.dk/databeskyttelse/klage-til-datatilsynet ]. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY NOTICE This privacy notice may be updated from time to time to reflect changing legal, regulatory, or operational requirements. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. If there are any material changes to this privacy notice, you will be notified by our posting of a prominent notice on the Websites prior to the change becoming effective. If you do not accept any changes made to this privacy notice, please discontinue the use of the Websites and the services. Cookie Policy What is a cookie? A cookie is a small data file stored in your computer, tablet or smartphone. A cookie is not a program that can contain harmful malware or virus. How our website uses cookies Some cookies perform essential functions for our website. Cookies also help us get an overview of your visit to our website so we can continuously optimize and tailor the experience to your needs and interests. For example, cookies remember things like the items added to the shopping cart; whether you have visited our website before; if you are logged in; and the specific language and currency you prefer to see on the website. We also use cookies to target our ads specifically to you on other websites.In general, we use cookies as part of our service to present you with content that is as relevant to you as possible. You can see the specific services that store cookies and why they do it, under the different categories: FunctionalStatisticalMarketing How long are cookies stored? The length of time a cookie is stored on your devices and browsers varies. The lifetime is calculated according to your last visit to the website. When a cookie expires, it is automatically deleted. All our cookies’ lifetimes are specified in our cookie policy. How to block or delete cookies You may at any time block all or just third-party cookies completely by changing the browser settings on your computer, tablet or smartphone. The location of these settings will depend on the browser you use. However, you should be aware that if you block all or just third-party cookies, there may be functions and services that you will be unable to use on the website (because these depend on cookies). You can opt-out of cookies from Google Analytics here . How can you delete cookies? It is easy to delete cookies that you have previously accepted. It depends on which browser (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, etc.) and device (smartphone, tablet, PC, Mac) you are using. You can typically find this information under settings – Security and Privacy – but this may vary from one browser to another. Specify which device/browser you are using (click the appropriate link): Changing your consent You can change your consent by either deleting cookies from your browser or by changing your original choice by clicking the link below: Remember: If you use more than one browser, you must delete cookies in all of them. Do you have any questions? If you have any comments or questions relating to our information and/or processing of personal data, please feel welcome to contact us. The cookie policy itself is updated once a month by Cookie Information . If you have any questions about our cookie policy, you are welcome to contact Cookie Information on their website. User ID: undefined Date: undefined The cookie policy was last updated on 15.08.2023 Strictly necessary 25 m.stripe.com Supports the website's technical functions. 2 years Stripe __stripe_sid .go.cookieinformation.com Supports the website's technical functions. 30 minutes Stripe CookieInformationConfig policy.app.cookieinformation.com Supports the website's technical functions. a year Cookie Information CookieInformationConsent go.cookieinformation.com Supports the website's technical functions. a year Cookie Information __stripe_mid .go.cookieinformation.com Supports the website's technical functions. a year Stripe i18next go.cookieinformation.com Session Cookie Information CookieInformationConsent_GxZVL2Bo7n policy.app.cookieinformation.com Supports the website's technical functions. a year Cookie Information stg_fired_6a760d29-da0a-4c73-b50a-66783d280c7c_746c4091-497a-4362-b227-88aac855efd5 cookieinformation.com Session Piwik Pro stg_fired_38b6532c-5ff6-4cf7-9f6e-67158a3d54ba_746c4091-497a-4362-b227-88aac855efd5 cookieinformation.com Session Piwik Pro stg_fired_e58e6149-9f12-4598-888e-7847a6240754_746c4091-497a-4362-b227-88aac855efd5 cookieinformation.com Session Piwik Pro SM .c.clarity.ms Required for the website to perform properly. Session Microsoft stg_fired_463478a8-b739-4617-950f-90d675428d23_746c4091-497a-4362-b227-88aac855efd5 cookieinformation.com Session Piwik Pro stg_fired_463478a8-b739-4617-950f-90d675428d23_746c4091-497a-4362-b227-88aac855efd5 staging.cookieinformation.com Session Piwik Pro stg_fired_6a760d29-da0a-4c73-b50a-66783d280c7c_746c4091-497a-4362-b227-88aac855efd5 staging.cookieinformation.com Session Piwik Pro AWSALB www.g2.com Required for the website to perform properly. 7 days Amazon Web Services stg_fired_38b6532c-5ff6-4cf7-9f6e-67158a3d54ba_746c4091-497a-4362-b227-88aac855efd5 staging.cookieinformation.com Session Piwik Pro stg_fired_e58e6149-9f12-4598-888e-7847a6240754_746c4091-497a-4362-b227-88aac855efd5 staging.cookieinformation.com Session Piwik Pro AWSALBCORS www.g2.com Supports the website's technical functions.7 days Amazon Web Services user_id compliance-check.cookieinformation.com Session Cookie Information email compliance-check.cookieinformation.com Session Cookie Information report compliance-check.cookieinformation.com Session Cookie Information stg_fired_e58e6149-9f12-4598-888e-7847a6240754_746c4091-497a-4362-b227-88aac855efd5 webinar.cookieinformation.com Session Piwik Pro stg_fired_6a760d29-da0a-4c73-b50a-66783d280c7c_746c4091-497a-4362-b227-88aac855efd5 webinar.cookieinformation.com Session Piwik Pro stg_fired_38b6532c-5ff6-4cf7-9f6e-67158a3d54ba_746c4091-497a-4362-b227-88aac855efd5 webinar.cookieinformation.com Session Piwik Pro stg_fired_463478a8-b739-4617-950f-90d675428d23_746c4091-497a-4362-b227-88aac855efd5 webinar.cookieinformation.com Session Piwik Pro Functional intercom-device-id-jg38v5br https://cookieinformation.com/ a year Intercom intercom-device-id-jg38v5br .cookieinformation.com 9 months Intercom intercom-id-xxx .cookieinformation.com Supports the integration of a third-party platform on the website. 9 months Intercom intercom-session-xxx .cookieinformation.com Supports the integration of a third-party platform on the website. 7 days Intercom _rdt_uuid .cookieinformation.com 3 months Reddit _cfuvid .bamboohr.com Session Cloudflare __cf_bm .hubspot.com Supports the website's technical functions. 29 minutes Cloudflare cookies.js webinar.cookieinformation.com Pending Session Statistical 10 mf_user https://cookieinformation.com/ Collects information about the users and their activity on the website for analytics and reporting purposes. a day Mouseflow mf_.* https://cookieinformation.com/ Session Mouseflow _clck .cookieinformation.com Collects information about the users and their activity on the website for analytics and reporting purposes. a year Microsoft Clarity MR .c.clarity.ms 7 days Microsoft Clarity elementor-hubspot-utm-cookie cookieinformation.com a day HubSpot ln_or cookieinformation.com Collects information about the users and their activity on the website for analytics and reporting purposes. a day LinkedIn ANONCHK .c.clarity.ms Collects information about the users and their activity on the website for analytics and reporting purposes. 10 minutes Microsoft Clarity CLID www.clarity.ms Collects information about the users and their activity on the website for analytics and reporting purposes. a year Microsoft Clarity _clsk cookieinformation.com Collects information about the users and their activity on the website for analytics and reporting purposes. a day Microsoft Clarity MR .c.bing.com 7 days Microsoft, Bing Marketing 31 li_gc .linkedin.com Supports online marketing by collecting information about the users to promote products through partners and other platforms. 6 months LinkedIn SRM_B .c.bing.com Identifies unique web browsers visiting Microsoft sites. These cookies are used for advertising, site analytics, and other operational purposes. a year Microsoft, Bing YSC .youtube.com Collects information about the users and their activity on the website through embedded video players with the purpose of delivering targeted advertising. Session Youtube, Google VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE .youtube.com Collects information about the users and their activity on the website through embedded video players with the purpose of delivering targeted advertising. 6 months Youtube, Google _lfa_test_cookie_stored .cookieinformation.com Supports the integration of a third-party platform on the website. a few seconds Leadfamly __hstc .cookieinformation.com Collects information about the users and their activity on the website. The information is used to track and analyze user behaviour and to deliver targeted advertising. 6 months HubSpot _fbp .cookieinformation.com Identifies browsers for the purposes of providing advertising and site analytics services. 3 months Facebook MUID .bing.com Identifies unique web browsers visiting Microsoft sites. These cookies are used for advertising, site analytics, and other operational purposes. a year Microsoft, Bing bscookie .www.linkedin.com Supports online marketing by collecting information about the users to promote products through partners and other platforms. a year LinkedIn lidc .linkedin.com Supports online marketing by collecting information about the users to promote products through partners and other platforms. a day LinkedIn CONSENT .youtube-nocookie.com Collects information about the users and their activity on the website through embedded video players with the purpose of delivering targeted advertising. 2 years Youtube, Google _gcl_au .cookieinformation.com Supports the integration of a third-party platform on the website to deliver targeted advertising. 3 months Google _lfa cookieinformation.com Collects information about the users and their activity on the website.The information is used to track and analyze user behaviour and to deliver targeted advertising. a year Leadfeeder IDE .doubleclick.net Used for online marketing by collecting information about the users and their activity on the website. The information is used to target advertising to the user across different channels and devices. a year Google Marketing Platform CONSENT .google.com Remember your recent searches, your previous interactions with an advertiser's ads, or search results, and your visits to an advertiser's site to show you customized ads on Google. 2 years Google _uetsid cookieinformation.com Identifies unique web browsers visiting Microsoft sites. These cookies are used for advertising, site analytics, and other operational purposes. a day Microsoft, Bing UserMatchHistory .linkedin.com Supports online marketing by collecting information about the users to promote products through partners and other platforms. a month LinkedIn www.facebook.com Supports online marketing by collecting information about the users to promote products through partners and other platforms. Session Facebook hubspotutk .cookieinformation.com Collects information about the users and their activity on the website. The information is used to track and analyze user behaviour and to deliver targeted advertising. 6 months HubSpot _uetvid cookieinformation.com Collects information about the users and their activity on the website. The information is used to track and analyze user behaviour and to deliver targeted advertising. a year Microsoft, Bing __hssc .cookieinformation.com Collects information about the users and their activity on the website. The information is used to track and analyze user behaviour and to deliver targeted advertising. 30 minutes HubSpot li_sugr .linkedin.com 3 months LinkedIn bcookie .linkedin.com Supports online marketing by collecting information about the users to promote products through partners and other platforms. a year LinkedIn AnalyticsSyncHistory .linkedin.com Collects information about the users and their activity on the website. The Information is used to track and analyze user behavior, to meet the individual user needs and to deliver targeted advertising. a month LinkedIn CONSENT .youtube.com Collects information about the users and their activity on the website through embedded video players with the purpose of delivering targeted advertising. 2 years Youtube, Google __hssrc .cookieinformation.com Collects information about the users and their activity on the website. The information is used to track and analyze user behaviour and to deliver targeted advertising. Session HubSpot events_distinct_id www.g2.com Session G2 _g2_session_id .g2.com Session G2 test_cookie .doubleclick.net Used for online marketing by collecting information about the users and their activity on the website. The information is used to target advertising to the user across different channels and devices. 15 minutes Google Marketing Platform uuid compliance-check.cookieinformation.com Used for online marketing by collecting information about the users and their activity on the website. The information is used to target advertising to the users across the web. Session Salesforce ad_session_id webinar.cookieinformation.com Collects information about the users and their activity on the website through embedded video players with the purpose of delivering targeted advertising. 30 minutes TwentyThree Unclassified No cookies in this category Your consent applies to the following domains: app.cookieinformation.com, cookieinformation.com, staging.cookieinformation.com, go.cookieinformation.com, compliance-check.cookieinformation.com, webinar.cookieinformation.com DPO Contact information Att.: Data protection officer Købmagergade 191150 Copenhagen K, Denmark Data Subject Request Købmagergade 191150 Copenhagen, DenmarkVAT: DK-38758292 Compliance Check Pop-up Showcase Webinars Blog Customer stories Support Center Website Consent Mobile App Consent Data Discovery Data Subject Request Whistleblowing Partner program Contact us Personal data for recruitment Terms and conditions Cookie & Privacy Policy Partner program terms Security Policy PRODUCTS Data Discovery Data Subject Request Website Consent Mobile App Consent Whistleblowing RESOURCES Blog Webinars Compliance check Customer Stories Support Center Pop-up Showcase COMPANY Personal data for recruitment Terms and conditions Cookie & Privacy Policy Partner program terms Security PolicyPrivacy Policy Date: 3 May 2023 Version number: 7 Language English We will NEVER sell Your Personal Data to Third Parties. Hotjar will only share or disclose Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to Personal Data processed by Hotjar Ltd. (“ Hotjar ”, “ We ”, “ Us ” and “ Our ”) when You visit www.hotjar.com in addition to any sub-pages that are integrated within it (the “ Site ”); and/or make use of Hotjar’s Platform. This Privacy Policy explains what Personal Data We collect through Our Site and Platform, how and why We collect it, how We use and disclose the Personal Data We collect and information on how to exercise privacy rights over this Personal Data. We have also included a section on the processing of Personal Data sent to Hotjar from visitors to a Hotjar Enabled Site. We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time but We will never do so in a manner that compromises Our commitment to respect the privacy of individuals. The most current version of this Privacy Policy governs Our practices for collecting, processing and disclosing Personal Data. We will provide notice via email to Our Customers and on this page of any material modifications to this Privacy Policy. Continued use of Our Site and/or Platform following the effective date of any modifications will constitute acceptance of the modified Agreement (this includes Our Terms of Service , Data Processing Agreement , Acceptable Use Policy and this Privacy Policy). All capitalized terms in this Privacy Policy shall have the same meaning as defined in the Terms of Service and in the Applicable Law. Information about Hotjar Hotjar is a company headquartered in the European Union (EU) that provides Software as a Service (SaaS). Hotjar is a digital experience insights platform that provides visual behaviour insights, in-the-moment feedback, and 1:1 interviews, all in one place. Personal Data Collected by Hotjar The Personal Data We collect depends on whether the individual is: A visitor to the Hotjar SiteA Customer or user (the “ User ”) of the Hotjar Platform A Tester who signed up on the Hotjar Platform Personal Data collected from a visitor of the Hotjar Site This section applies to Personal Data Hotjar collects from visitors to the Hotjar Site ( hotjar.com ) or any of Our sub-sites or sub-domains (e.g. help.hotjar.com , etc.). Any Personal Data provided by a visitor to Our Site will be used only as described in this Privacy Policy and Hotjar’s Acceptable Use Policy . Usage Data When someone visits the Hotjar Site, We may temporarily store the name of their internet service provider, IP address, the website they visited Us from, the parts of Our Site they visit, the date and duration of the visit, and information from the device (e.g. device type, operating system, screen resolution, language, country you are located in, and web browser type) used during their visit or other similar information that helps Us understand your behaviour on our Site. We process this usage data to facilitate access to Our Site (e.g. to adjust Our Site to the devices that are used). We may use this data to analyze, develop, improve, secure or optimize the use, function and performance of Our Sites, or to make sure We are reaching out to the right audience. Wherever possible, we will use usage data in an aggregated and/or anonymized form. Depending on the context, the legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(a) and Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Cookies Cookies are small data files transferred onto computers or devices. Hotjar uses cookies to process information including standard internet log information and details of the visitor’s behavioral patterns upon visiting Our Site. This is done to: operate Our Site;provide visitors to Our Site with a better experience by providing Us with insights on how visitors use Our Site; and for marketing purposes, as detailed below. For more info about the cookies We make use of, please visit Our Cookie Information page . Contacting Us Visitors to Our Site have the opportunity to contact Us to ask Us questions, for example via a contact form, where We ask for contact information (e.g. name, email address etc.). We use this data solely in connection with answering the queries We receive. If a visitor to Our Site receives emails from Us, We may use certain analytics tools, to capture data such as when the email is opened or when any links or banners in the email have been clicked.This data helps Us understand the effectiveness of Our communications and marketing campaigns. The legal basis for this processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Personal Data collected from Hotjar’s Customers, Users and Testers This section applies to Personal Data Hotjar collects from its Customers, Users and Testers when making use of Hotjar’s Platform. When someone signs up for an account with Hotjar, contacts Our customer support for assistance, or subscribes to Our content or special offers, We may ask for additional Personal Data such as their name, email address and additional details about them or the organization they represent. We will solely process this Personal Data to provide Our Platform in accordance with Article 6(1)(b) GDPR. If you are a User of Our Platform on behalf of a Hotjar Customer that has concluded this Agreement with Hotjar, the legal basis for Hotjar to process your Personal Data is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Please refer to Our Terms of Service for further details on signing up and using Our Platfor. We temporarily store IP addresses of Customers, Users and Testers of Our Platform for associated performance metrics (i.e. data related to how well Our Platform performs) and to monitor and track application errors. We will never access these IP addresses without any operational or security need. We automatically delete these IP addresses within thirty (30) calendar days.The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. We may use technical data (such as keypresses, timestamps, etc.) collected through the Platform to analyze, develop, improve or optimize the use, function and performance of Our Site, or to make sure we are reaching out to the right audience. Wherever possible, we will use usage data in an aggregated or anonymized form. A Customer may delete their Hotjar account at any time. Users and Testers may delete their respective accounts through their account settings. After account deletion, We may retain Personal Data (in part or in whole) associated with the Customer, User or Tester to meet any regulatory and reporting requirements for the timeframes stipulated by law and to be able to address customer service issues. Any other Personal Data We were processing relating to Our Customer, Tester and/or Users of that Hotjar account will be deleted permanently within thirty (30) calendar days. This does not apply to any Personal Data collected as part of Customer research within the Engage Product. To maintian the quality of the research data, any research-related Personal Data may need to be kept for a reasonably required time. We may use Personal Data and other Data about Our Customers, Users and/or Testers (including but not limited to demographic information, location information, information about the computer or device from which they access Our Platform) to create, wherever possible, anonymized and aggregated information and analytics. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. The information We collect from Our Customers, Users and/or Testers is disclosed only in accordance with the Agreement and the Applicable Law. Personal Data collected from Engage Product Testers THIS SECTION APPLIES ONLY TO THE REGISTERED TESTERS OF OUR ENGAGE PRODUCT When a Tester signs up to the Engage Product, we will ask them to share some Personal Data with Us to create a Tester profile. The Tester profile information will be revealed to Hotjar and Our Customers, who may invite you to usability study interviews (" Interviews "). The Engage Product has been built to connect Testers with the best-matched Customers for their Interviews. Better matches means happier Customers and more payouts for Testers. We analyse the data Testers provide Us with, along with the information about the Tester’s use of Our Platform, to suggest a good Interview match. We collect and process Tester Personal Data to allow Testers to participate in Customer research, as well as for database management, managing contacts and sending messages, analytics, managing Our hosting and backend infrastructure, paying Testers for their service, Tester registration and authentication and displaying content from external platforms. The data categories we will ask Testers to provide in order to build the Tester profile may include but are not limited to, name, age, country of residence, educational background, profession, marital status, phone number and other registration information. This information allows us to effectively match Testers with the right Customers. Testers may also optionally upload an avatar or enter their gender, but can remove this at any time. If a Tester deletes their account, their profile data will be removed too. Depending on the context, the legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(b) GDPR and Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. We will also collect information that relates to how Testers use Our Platform.The categories of Personal Data relating to this include but are not limited to timezone, broad location (town or district), web browser, operating system and the device used, referral sources, email engagement data, data on how you use the Engage Product (including last login date and frequency) and account signup date. This information allows Us to personalize the Engage Product to Testers’ needs and to improve Our Engage Product. We do not collect precise, real-time information about the location of a Tester’s device. We delete (or anonymize) such Tester Personal Data as soon as you cancel your account. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. On an entirely voluntary basis, Testers may choose to connect their social media account with their Tester profile. This will grant Us read-only access to their social media account and we will store their social media account ID, along with a secure 'access key' that these social media companies provide to Us. If Tester grants Us access, we may also process their email address that is associated with the social media account, name, profile picture, gender and age range, which we may use to enhance Tester profile data on the Engage Product. We use social media account data as a 'quality signal' to confirm that the Engage Product account belongs to a real person and therefore, sharing of social account data may affect the number of Interview invitations a Tester receives. We will never post content to a Tester’s social profile without their permission and we will never request or access their private messages on these accounts. Testers can choose to disconnect their social media accounts at any time, which will prevent Us from being able to access them. Social media account data will also be deleted if you choose to delete your Hotjar account. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(a) GDPR. In order to be able to remunerate Our Testers we will process payment related information that Testers share with Us such as PayPal email address, residential address, etc.. We may also need to keep a history of payments made to Testers. This is needed to comply with accounting and legal rules. This data may be kept up to seven (7) years. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(b) GDPR. Hotjar’s use of Personal Data Access and Disclosure to Third Parties We use a select number of trusted external service providers for certain technical data analysis, processing and/or storage offerings (e.g., IT and related services). These Third Party service providers are carefully selected and meet high data protection and security standards. We only share data with them that is required for the services offered and We contractually bind them to keep any information We share with them as confidential and to process Personal Data only according to Our instructions. The legal basis for such processing would be Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. In addition to services providers, other categories of Third Parties may include: Vendors/public institutions. To the extent that this is necessary in order to make use of certain services requiring special expertise (such as legal, accounting or auditing services) We may share Personal Data with vendors of such services or public institutions that offer them (e.g. courts). The legal basis of this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Disclosure in the Event of Merger, Sale, or Other Asset Transfers. If We are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then Data may be sold or transferred as part of such a transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract. The legal basis for such processing would be Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Other than the cases mentioned above, We will only transfer Personal Data to Third Parties without express consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) GDPR or if We are obliged to do so by statutory law or by instruction from a public authority or court as outlined in Our Terms of Service . Communication Purposes We may occasionally send notification emails about updates to Our product, legal documents, customer support or for marketing purposes. To the extent required by Applicable Law, We will only send such messages if We have obtained consent in accordance with Article 6(1)(a) GDPR. In all other cases, the legal basis of this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Except for cases where We are required to do so by law (e.g. notification of a data breach, providing you with important information about your account, updating our legal documents, etc.), recipients of Our communication shall have the opportunity to unsubscribe from receiving these messages free of charge. We process requests to be placed on do-not-contact lists as required by Applicable Law.Marketing Purposes We use Personal Data given to Us by Hotjar’s Customers, Users, Testers and/or visitors to Our Site to target advertisements to: Hotjar’s Customers, Users, Testers and/or visitors to Our Site to keep them informed about Hotjar and any product changes we make; andPotential new Customers or Testers that appear to have shared interests or similar demographics. The legal basis of this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. We do this by sharing Personal Data with Third Party marketing platforms that have high privacy and confidentiality standards and which have gone through a legal and security review by Hotjar. This ensures that these Third Parties cannot do anything with the Personal Data We provide them other than use it for the express purpose of providing Us with the marketing services We contract them for. This Personal Data is only shared with these Third Parties through secure and encrypted means. If you wish to opt out of this processing activity, please contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com with the subject line “Opt-Out of Marketing”. Compliance and Protection We may use Personal Data to (legal basis for the respective processing in parentheses): protect Our, Our Customers’/Users’, Testers’, visitors’ to Our Site or Third Parties’ rights, privacy, safety or property including by making and defending legal claims (Article 6(1)(b), (c) or (f) GDPR);audit Our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements and internal policies (Article 6(1)(f) GDPR);enforce Our Terms of Service (Article 6(1)(b) or (f) GDPR);protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft (Article 6(1)(f) GDPR); and comply with the Applicable Law, lawful requests and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities (Article 6(1)(c) or (f) GDPR). Benchmarking Hotjar reserves the right to use and retain Data in a de-identified and/or aggregated form to improve Our Site and/or Platform and for statistical and benchmarking purposes, including enabling comparisons within the same industry to enhance the insights collected through Our Site and Platform. Benchmarks look at all collected metrics and compare them to others of the same nature. These de-identified and/or aggregated benchmarks may be published and shared publicly within Our Platform or in the form of other content We publish which may show a summary of results for a certain category or question type. No Data which can individually identify Our Customers, or their end-users, Our Users or Our Testers will ever be shown in this statistical or benchmark data. The legal basis for aggregating/anonymizing this Personal Data is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Intra-group sharing of User and visitor Data Hotjar is part of the Content Square SAS group (“ Contentsquare ”) which is headquartered in Paris, France. In the course of our normal operations, Hotjar may share Data (e.g. name and contact details, etc.) of Users of Hotjar accounts, Testers, and visitors of Our Site (hotjar.com) with Contentsquare. The purpose of sharing this Data is to pursue synergies in sales and marketing, which is in both Hotjar’s and Contentsquare’s legitimate commercial interests. The legal basis of this Data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. No Data which can individually identify end-users of a Hotjar Enabled Site will be shared with Contentsquare. Hotjar and Contentsquare are jointly responsible for these processing activities (so-called joint controllership). If you would like more information in this regard or would like to exercise your rights as described in this Privacy Policy, please contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com. Other Purposes with Your Consent In some cases, We may ask you for consent to collect, use or share Personal Data for other purposes. For example, We may ask you for consent to send marketing emails where required by law or to post testimonials or endorsements. In such cases, there will always be the ability to deny or revoke consent if desired. The legal basis for the data processing is under Article 6(1)(a) GDPR. Duration of Processing Unless a different timeframe has been specifically stated in this Privacy Policy or in Our Pricing Page, Personal Data will be retained for as long as is necessary for the purpose(s) for which We originally collected it or to provide Our Platform, resolve disputes, establish legal defenses, conduct audits, pursue legitimate business purposes, and enforce Our Agreement. We may also retain information as required by Applicable Law. International Transfers of Personal Data In most cases, Personal Data We collect is stored in the EU. However, in some limited cases, customer information may be accessed from, or other Personal Data (e.g., email, etc.) may be transferred outside of the EU. These countries may have different data protection laws.Hotjar endeavors to ensure appropriate safeguards are in place requiring that Personal Data will remain protected. Hotjar has concluded Standard Contractual Clauses with entities who We share Personal Data with outside of the EU. Further details about this can be found in Our article on Data Storage . Children’s Information Hotjar’s Platform is not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and We do not knowingly collect Personal Data from children. If you learn that your child has provided Us with Personal Data without your consent, you may contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com. If We learn that We have collected a child’s Personal Data in violation of Applicable Law, We will promptly take steps to investigate this, delete such information and, if applicable, terminate the child’s account. We will also make sure to have preventive measures in place for this not to happen again in the future. Rights over Personal Data If you are a visitor to Our Site or a Customer, User and/or Tester of Our Platform and We have collected Personal Data about you, you have a right to access and to be informed about what Personal Data is processed by Hotjar, a right to rectification/correction, erasure/anonymization and restriction of processing (subject to certain exceptions and other requirements prescribed by law). You also have the right to receive from Hotjar a structured, common and machine-readable format of Personal Data you provided Us. When you have provided consent, you may withdraw it at any time, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing that was carried out prior to withdrawing it. Whenever you withdraw consent, you acknowledge and accept that this may have a negative influence on the quality of Our Site and/or Platform. Please be aware that when you withdraw consent, We may delete the Personal Data previously processed on the basis of your consent and will not be allowed to keep it further which will mean that it cannot be accessed, downloaded or otherwise secured by you. In addition, you have the right to lodge a complaint with your respective data protection authority. To protect your privacy, We take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling your request. We can only identify you via your email address and we can only adhere to your request and provide information if We have Personal Data about you through you having made contact with Us directly and/or you are using Our Site and/or Platform. To protect your privacy, We will take steps to verify your identity before fulfilling any consumer request under the Applicable Law. When you make a request, We will ask you to provide sufficient information that allows Us to reasonably verify you are the person We collected Personal Data about or an authorized representative, which may include your email address. If You are located in California… This section only applies to Our processing of Personal Data as a “business” under the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA). The CCPA provides California residents with the right to know what Categories of Personal Data Hotjar has collected about them and whether Hotjar disclosed that Personal Data for a business purpose (e.g. to a service provider) in the preceding twelve (12) months. If you are a California resident and would like to exercise any of your rights under the CCPA, please contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com . We will process your request in accordance with the Applicable Laws. Sales of Personal Information Under the CCPA. For purposes of the CCPA, Hotjar does not “sell” Personal Data, nor do We have actual knowledge of any “sale” of Personal Data of minors under 16 years of age. Non-Discrimination. California residents will have the right to exercise the rights conferred to them by the CCPA. Authorized Agent. Only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request under the CCPA. If applicable, you may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. To designate an authorized agent, please contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com . If You are located in Brazil… This section only applies to Our processing of Personal Data under the Brazilian Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD). In addition to the rights described above, you also have the right to: access your Personal Data processed by Hotjar; unless restricted by law, request information about the public and private entities with which We have shared your Personal Data; oppose to the processing carried out; and/or receive information about the possibility of not providing your consent and the consequences of such denial. If you are a Brazilian resident or were in Brazil when your Personal Data was collected and would like to exercise any of your rights under the LGPD, please contact Us at dpo@hotjar.com . We will process your request in accordance with the Applicable Laws.Personal Data collected from a visitor of a Hotjar Enabled Site This section applies to Personal Data sent to Hotjar from Our Customers about visitors to their site using Our Platform (i.e. a Hotjar Enabled Site). When an end-user visits a Hotjar Enabled Site, the Hotjar Enabled Site’s privacy policy will apply to the Personal Data collected and not this Privacy Policy. This section should always be read in conjunction with the specific privacy policy of the Hotjar Enabled Site which will contain further details regarding the processing of your Personal Data by the Hotjar Enabled Site. When making use of Our Platform, Our Customers are bound by Our Privacy Policy, Our Terms of Service , and Our Acceptable Use Policy . You can get more information about Hotjar by visiting Our Site . If you are a visitor to a Hotjar Enabled Site, Hotjar may temporarily process your IP address so that We can ensure Our service is running smoothly and improve the quality of Our Platform. Any IP addresses We process are used exclusively for associated performance metrics (i.e. data related to how well Our Platform performs on the Hotjar Enable Site) and to monitor and track application errors. For this purpose, We may temporarily store your IP address with Hotjar’s Sub-Processors which are subject to strict obligations of confidentiality and will process it only according to Our instructions. We will never access these IP addresses without any operational or security need. We automatically delete any IP addresses We process or store within thirty (30) calendar days. The legal basis for this data processing is Article 6(1)(f) GDPR. Some Hotjar Customers may have the ability to integrate Data they have collected through Our Platform with other end-user data they have in their possession (e.g. their customer information). Depending on the web browser you use, it might be possible for you to disallow Hotjar from collecting Data when visiting a Hotjar Enabled Site. To discover if your web browser offers this functionality visit Our Do Not Track page . Please note that We cannot respond to any requests from end-users of Hotjar Enabled Sites related to their Personal Data, including requests to provide, rectify or delete any end-user Personal Data. Any requests from end users of Hotjar Enabled Sites related to Customer Personal Data should be sent to the relevant Hotjar Customer. Previous Versions of this Privacy Policy Version 6.2 ( compare markup changes between version 6.2 and 7 ) Looking for monthly wisdom? Sign up for Hotjar content straight to your inbox. I have read and accept the conditions outlined in the privacy policy . Contact Sales Products Solutions Resources Company Compliance Copyright © 2014 - 2023 Hotjar Ltd. All rights reserved. Manage Consent Preferences for Hotjar.com Essential Cookies These cookies ensure our website and its features work correctly. To the extent personal data is processed via essential cookies, the respective legal basis is our legitimate interest. Analytics Cookies Analytics Cookies These include cookies that help us monitor site traffic and analytics, as well as cookies that enable us to run tests and optimize our site’s experience. Marketing Cookies Marketing Cookies Cookies that allow us to tailor and measure the effectiveness of our advertising. Such cookies may be capable of understanding your interests, across other sites and building up a profile that is used for remarketing purposes. If you do not allow these cookies you may experience less tailored advertisements. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Performance Cookies Vendor Search checkbox label label Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label 33Across host description View Cookies 33Across View Privacy NoticePrivacy Center Privacy Center home Search Privacy Policy What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover? What information do we collect? How do we use your information? How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners? How do we share information with third parties? How do the Meta Companies work together? How can you manage or delete your information and exercise your rights? How long do we keep your information? How do we transfer information? How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm? How will you know the policy has changed? Privacy notice for United States residents How to contact Meta with questions Why and how we process your information Other policies and articles Settings Privacy Policy What is the Privacy Policy and what does it cover? Effective June 15, 2023 | View printable version | See previous versions Read the United States Regional Privacy Notice for more details about how we handle Personal Information and how to exercise your rights. Highlights We at Meta want you to understand what information we collect, and how we use and share it. That’s why we encourage you to read our Privacy Policy. This helps you use Meta Products in the way that’s right for you. In the Privacy Policy, we explain how we collect, use, share, retain and transfer information. We also let you know your rights. Each section of the Policy includes helpful examples and simpler language to make our practices easier to understand. We’ve also added links to resources where you can learn more about the privacy topics that interest you. It's important to us that you know how to control your privacy, so we also show you where you can manage your information in the settings of the Meta Products you use. You can update these settings to shape your experience. Read the full policy below. What Products does this policy cover? Learn more in Privacy Center about managing your privacy What information do we collect? Highlights The information we collect and process about you depends on how you use our Products . For example, we collect different information if you sell furniture on Marketplace than if you post a reel on Instagram. When you use our Products, we collect some information about you even if you don't have an account . Here's the information we collect: Your activity and information you provide Friends, followers and other connections App, browser and device information Information from partners, vendors and other third parties What if you don’t let us collect certain information? Some information is required for our Products to work. Other information is optional, but without it, the quality of your experience might be affected. What if the information we collect doesn’t identify individuals? In some cases information is de-identified, aggregated, or anonymized by third parties so that it no longer identifies individuals before it’s made available to us. We use this information as described below without trying to re-identify individuals. Take control Manage the information we collect about you Privacy Center How do we use your information? Highlights We use information we collect to provide a personalized experience to you, including ads, along with the other purposes we explain in detail below. For some of these purposes, we use information across our Products and across your devices . The information we use for these purposes is automatically processed by our systems. But in some cases, we also use manual review to access and review your information. To use less information that’s connected to individual users, in some cases we de-identify or aggregate information or anonymize it so that it no longer identifies you. We use this information in the same ways we use your information as described in this section. Here are the ways we use your information: To provide, personalize and improve our Products We use information we have to provide and improve our Products . This includes personalizing features, content and recommendations , such as your Facebook Feed , Instagram feed , Stories and ads. We use information with special protections you choose to provide for these purposes, but not to show you ads. Read more about how we use information to provide, personalize and improve our Products: How we show ads and other sponsored or commercial content How we use information to improve our Products How we use location-related information To promote safety, security and integrity We use information we collect to help protect people from harm and provide safe, secure Products. To provide measurement, analytics and business services Lots of people rely on our Products to run or promote their businesses. We help them measure how well their ads and other content, products and services are working.To communicate with you We communicate with you using information you've given us, like contact information you've entered on your profile. To research and innovate for social good We use information we have, information from researchers and datasets from publicly available sources, professional groups and non-profit groups to conduct and support research. More in the Privacy Policy Why and how we process your information How is your information shared on Meta Products or with integrated partners? Highlights On Meta Products Learn more about the different cases when your information can be shared on our Products : People and accounts you share and communicate with Content others share or reshare about you Public content With integrated partners You can choose to connect with integrated partners who use our Products. If you do, these integrated partners receive information about you and your activity. These integrated partners can always access information that’s public on our Products. Learn more about other information they receive and how they handle your information: When you use an integrated partner’s product or service When you interact with someone else’s content on an integrated partner’s product or service How integrated partners handle your information Take control Learn more about audiences Privacy Center Manage apps and websites How do we share information with third parties? Highlights We don't sell any of your information to anyone, and we never will. We also require partners and other third parties to follow rules about how they can and cannot use and disclose the information we provide. Here’s more detail about who we share information with: Partners Advertisers and Audience Network publishers Partners who use our analytics services Partners who offer goods or services on our Products and commerce services platforms Integrated partners Vendors Measurement vendors Marketing vendors Service providers Service providers Third parties External researchers Other third parties We also share information with other third parties in response to legal requests, to comply with applicable law or to prevent harm. Read the policy . And if we sell or transfer all or part of our business to someone else, in some cases we’ll give the new owner your information as part of that transaction, but only as the law allows. How do the Meta Companies work together? Highlights We are part of the Meta Companies that provide Meta Company Products. Meta Company Products include all the Meta Products covered by this Policy, plus other products like WhatsApp, Novi and more. We share information we collect, infrastructure, systems and technology with the other Meta Companies. Learn more about how we transfer information to other countries. We also process information that we receive about you from other Meta Companies, according to their terms and policies and as permitted by applicable law. In some cases, Meta acts as a service provider for other Meta Companies. We act on their behalf and in accordance with their instructions and terms. Why we share across the Meta Companies Meta Products share information with other Meta Companies: To promote safety, security and integrity and comply with applicable lawsTo personalize offers, ads and other sponsored or commercial contentTo develop and provide features and integrationsTo understand how people use and interact with Meta Company Products See some examples of why we share. More resources Review the privacy policies of the other Meta Companies Facebook Help Center How can you manage or delete your information and exercise your rights? Highlights We offer you a variety of tools to view, manage, download and delete your information below. You can also manage your information by visiting the settings of the Products you use. You may also have other privacy rights under applicable laws. To exercise your rights, visit our Help Centers, your settings for Facebook and Instagram and your device-based settings. Take a privacy checkup Take a privacy checkup Be guided through Facebook privacy settings View and manage your information Access your information Off-Facebook activity Ad preferences Manage your data Port, download or delete your information Port your information Download your information Delete your information or account You can learn more about how privacy works on Facebook and on Instagram , and in the Facebook Help Center . If you have questions about this policy, you can contact us as described below. In some countries, you may also be able to contact the Data Protection Officer for Meta Platforms, Inc., and depending on your jurisdiction, you may also contact your local Data Protection Authority (“DPA”) directly. How long do we keep your information?Highlights We keep information as long as we need it to provide our Products, comply with legal obligations or protect our or other’s interests. We decide how long we need information on a case-by-case basis. Here’s what we consider when we decide: If we need it to operate or provide our Products. For example, we need to keep some of your information to maintain your account. Learn more .The feature we use it for, and how that feature works. For example, messages sent using Messenger’s vanish mode are retained for less time than regular messages. Learn more . How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations. See some examples .If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm; investigate possible violations of our terms or policies; promote safety, security and integrity; or protect ourselves, including our rights, property or products In some instances and for specific reasons, we’ll keep information for an extended period of time. Read our policy about when we may preserve your information. How do we transfer information? Highlights Why is information transferred to other countries? Where is information transferred? How do we safeguard your information? How do we respond to legal requests, comply with applicable law and prevent harm? Highlights We access, preserve, use and share your information: In response to legal requests, like search warrants, court orders, production orders or subpoenas. These requests come from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authorities. Learn more about when we respond to legal requests.In accordance with applicable lawTo promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta Products , users, employees, property and the public. Learn more . We may access or preserve your information for an extended amount of time. Learn more . How will you know the policy has changed? We'll notify you before we make material changes to this Policy. You’ll have the opportunity to review the revised Policy before you choose to continue using our Products. Privacy notice for United States residents You can learn more about the consumer privacy rights that may be available to you by reviewing the United States Regional Privacy Notice . How to contact Meta with questions You can learn more about how privacy works on Facebook and on Instagram and in the Facebook Help Center . If you have questions about this Policy or have questions, complaints or requests regarding your information, you can contact us as described below. You can contact us online or by mail at: Meta Platforms, Inc. ATTN: Privacy Operations 1601 Willow Road Menlo Park, CA 94025 Why and how we process your information The categories of information we use, and why and how information is processed, are set out below: Why and how we process your information Information categories we use (see ' What Information do we collect? ' for more information on each information category) The actual information we use depends on your factual circumstances, but could include any of the following: Personalizing the Meta Products (other than ads, see below): Our systems automatically process information we collect and store associated with you and others to assess and understand your interests and your preferences and provide you personalized experiences across the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. This is how we: Personalize features and content (such as your News Feed , Instagram Feed and Stories);Make suggestions for you (such as people you may know, groups or events that you may be interested in or topics that you may want to follow) on and off our products. Learn more about how we use information about you to personalize your experience on and across Meta Products and how we choose the ads that you see.Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features Metadata about contentTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you makeHashtags you use The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products Device characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settings (like GPS location) Location-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device toReports about our products’ performance on your deviceInformation from cookies and similar technologies Providing ads on the Meta Products: Our systems automatically process limited categories of information that we've collected and stored to provide you with ads on the Meta Products in accordance with our terms. AgeThe gender you provideInformation about ads we show you and how you engage with those adsLocation informationDevice characteristics and device software Providing and improving our Meta Products: The provision of the Meta Products includes collecting, storing, and, where relevant, sharing, profiling, reviewing and curating, and in some instances not only automated processing but also manual (human) reviewing, to: Create and maintain your account and profile,Connect your Meta Products account, including your public profile information, to an integrated partner to sign in or share your information,Facilitate the sharing of content and status,Provide and curate features,Provide messaging services, the ability to make voice and video calls and connect with others,Provide advertising products,Understand and enable creation of content like text, images and videos, and Undertake analytics. We also use information to develop, research and test improvements to our Products. We use information we have to: See if a product is working correctly,Troubleshoot and fix it when it’s not,Test out new products and features to see if they work,Get feedback on our ideas for products or features, andConduct surveys and other research about what you like about our Products and brands and what we can do better.Content you create, like posts, comments or audioYour public profile information (including your name, username and profile picture)Content you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features Messages you send and receive, including their content, subject to applicable lawMetadata about content and messages, subject to applicable lawTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card informationHashtags you useThe time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products Device characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address Information from cookies and similar technologies Promoting safety, integrity and security on and across the Meta Products: The Meta Products are designed to research and help ensure the safety, integrity and security of those services and those people who enjoy them, on and off Meta Products. We process information we have associated with you and apply automated processing techniques and, in some instances, conduct manual (human) review to: Verify accounts and activity,Find and address violations of our terms or policies. In some cases, the decisions we make about violations are reviewed by the Oversight Board ,Investigate suspicious activity,Detect, prevent and combat harmful or unlawful behavior, such as to review and, in some cases, remove content reported to us, Identify and combat disparities and racial bias against historically marginalized communities,Protect the life, physical or mental health, well-being or integrity of our users or others,Detect and prevent spam, other security matters and other bad experiences,Detect and stop threats to our personnel and property, andMaintain the integrity of our Products. For more information on safety, integrity and security generally on Meta Products, visit the Facebook Security Help Center and Instagram Security Tips .Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled featuresMessages you send and receive, including their content, subject to applicable lawMetadata about content and messages, subject to applicable lawTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information Hashtags you useThe time, frequency and duration of your activities on our ProductsDevice characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address Information from cookies and similar technologies To communicate with you: We use information you’ve given us (like contact information on your profile) to send you a communication, like an e-mail or in-product notice, for example: We’ll contact you via email or in-product notifications in relation to the Meta Products, product-related issues, research or to let you know about our terms and policies. We also use contact information like your email address to respond when you contact us. Contact information on your profile and your communications with usContent you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled featuresDevice characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’ Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP addressInformation from cookies and similar technologies. Transferring, storing or processing your information across borders, including from and to the United States and other countries: We share information we collect globally, both internally across our offices and data centers and externally with our partners , third parties and service providers . Because Meta is global, with users, partners, vendors and employees around the world, transfers are necessary: To operate and provide the services described in the terms that apply to the Meta Product(s) you are using. This includes allowing you to share information and connect with your family and friends around the globe; andTo fix, analyze and improve our Products. For more information, see the "How do we transfer information?" section of the Meta Privacy Policy. Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled featuresMetadata about content and messages, subject to applicable lawTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card informationHashtags you use The time, frequency and duration of your activities on our ProductsDevice characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your advice apart from other users’Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address Information from cookies and similar technologies Processing information subject to special protections under applicable laws that you provide so we can share it with those you choose, to provide, personalize and improve our Products and to undertake analytics. We’ll collect, store, publish and apply automated, or sometimes manual (human), processing for these purposes. Any information with special protections that you choose to provide, such as your religious views, your sexual orientation, political views, health, racial or ethnic origin, philosophical beliefs or trade union membership, or as part of surveys you choose to participate in, and where you have given your explicit consent Receiving and using information from third parties to tailor the ads you see: We’ll use information that advertisers, businesses and other partners provide us about activity off Meta Products that we have associated with you to personalize ads that we show you on Meta Products, and on websites, apps and devices that use our advertising services.We receive this information whether or not you’re logged in or have an account on our Products. See the Cookies Policy for more information. Information and content you provide, such as your name or email address Sharing your contact, profile or other information with third parties upon your request: The type of third party and categories of information shared depend on the circumstances of what you ask us to share. For example: We share your email (or other contact information) or other information you might choose when you direct us to share it with an advertiser so they can contact you with additional information about a promoted product, and If you choose to integrate other apps, games or websites with Meta Products and log in, we’ll share your information with the app, game or website to log you in. Information such as your contact or profile informationContent you create, like posts or comments Providing measurement, analytics and business services: Our systems automatically, as well as with some manual (human) processing, process information we have collected and stored about you and others. We use this information to: Provide insights and measurement reports to businesses, advertisers and other partners to help them measure the effectiveness and distribution of their or their clients’ ads, content and services, to understand the kinds of people who are seeing their content and ads, and how their content and ads are performing on and off Meta Products, andProvide aggregated user analytics and insights reports that help businesses, advertisers and other partners better understand the audiences with whom they may want to connect, as well as the types of people who use their services and how people interact with their websites, apps and services. Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled featuresTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you makeHashtags you useThe time, frequency and duration of your activities on our ProductsDevice characteristics and device software What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other usersDevice signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP addressInformation from cookies and similar technologies Sharing of information across the Meta Companies: To provide a seamless, consistent and richer, innovative experience across the Meta Company Products to enable cross app interactions, sharing, viewing and engaging with content, including posts and videos.Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled featuresMetadata about contentTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with it Apps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you makeHashtags you useThe time, frequency and duration of your activities on our ProductsDevice characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'Device signals Information you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP addressInformation from cookies and similar technologies Business intelligence and analytics: To understand, in aggregate, your usage of and across our Products, to accurately count people and businesses; andTo validate metrics directly related to these, in order to inform and improve product direction and development and to adhere to (shareholder/earning) reporting obligations.Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features Metadata about content and messages, subject to applicable lawTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you makeHashtags you useThe time, frequency and duration of your activities on our ProductsDevice characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots) Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP addressInformation from cookies and similar technologies Identifying you as a Meta Product user and personalizing the ads we show you through Meta Audience Network when you visit other apps: When we show you ads through Meta Audience Network when you visit other apps, our systems automatically process the information we have collected and stored about you and others to identify you as a Meta Product user and tailor the ads you see. Information you provideContent you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled features Metadata about contentTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you makeHashtags you useThe time, frequency and duration of your activities on our ProductsDevice characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots) Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users'Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP addressInformation from cookies and similar technologies Providing marketing communications to you: Depending on your settings and subject to applicable law, we’ll share marketing communications with you. We’ll collect and store your information and use it to send marketing communications to you, like an email, subject to applicable laws. Information and content you provide, including your contact information like email addressDevice identifiers Research and innovate for social good: We carry out surveys and use information (including from researchers we collaborate with) to conduct and support research and innovation on topics of general social welfare, technological advancement, public interest, health and well-being.For example, we analyze information that we have about migration patterns during crises. This helps relief organizations get aid to the right places.We collect, store, combine, analyze and apply automatic processing techniques like aggregation of information as well as manual (human) review, and share information, as necessary to research and innovate for social good in this way. We do this to do things like create COVID-19 forecasting models. Learn more about our research programs. Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled featuresMetadata about content and messages, subject to applicable lawTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you makeHashtags you useThe time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products Device characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP addressInformation from cookies and similar technologies Anonymizing your information In some cases, we anonymize information we have associated with you, such as your activity on and off our Products, and use the resulting information, for example, to provide and improve our Meta Products, including ads.Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled featuresMetadata about contentTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you makeHashtags you useThe time, frequency and duration of your activities on our Products Device characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP addressInformation from cookies and similar technologies Sharing information with others, including law enforcement and to respond to legal requests. See the "How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?" section of the Meta Privacy Policy for more for information on when we share information with law enforcement and others. The categories of information we access, preserve, use and share depend on the specific circumstances. For example, responses to legal requests where not compelled by law will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information). However, the information we process will depend on the purposes, which could include the following: In response to legal requests from third parties such as civil litigants, law enforcement and other government authoritiesTo comply with applicable law or legitimate legal purposesTo promote the safety, security and integrity of Meta Companies, Meta Products, users, employees, property and the public Learn more about how we promote safety, security and integrity. Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled featuresMetadata about content, subject to applicable lawTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you makeHashtags you useDevice characteristics and device software What you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP addressInformation from cookies and similar technologies For processing information when the law requires it: Where we are under an obligation to disclose information such as, for example, if we receive a valid legal request for certain information such as a search warrant, we will access, preserve and/or share your information with regulators, law enforcement or others. The way in which the information will be processed depends on the specific circumstances. See the "How do we respond to legal requests, prevent harm and promote safety and integrity?" section of the Meta Privacy Policy for more. " Information for Law Enforcement Authorities " provides information on the operational guidelines law enforcement needs to follow. The categories of information depend on the specific circumstances of each mandatory request or obligation. Only the information necessary to comply with the relevant legal obligation will be shared or otherwise processed. For example, for civil matters, this will typically include limited information (such as contact details and login information).However, depending on the circumstances it could include the following: Content you create, like posts, comments or audioContent you provide through our camera feature or your camera roll settings, or through our voice-enabled featuresMessages you send and receive, including their content, subject to applicable lawMetadata about content and messages, subject to applicable lawTypes of content you view or interact with, and how you interact with itApps and features you use, and what actions you take in themPurchases or other transactions you make, including truncated credit card information Hashtags you useThe time, frequency and duration of your activities on our ProductsDevice characteristics and device softwareWhat you’re doing on your device, like whether our app is in the foreground or if your mouse is moving (which can help tell humans from bots)Identifiers that tell your device apart from other users’Device signalsInformation you’ve shared through your device settingsLocation-related informationInformation about the network you connect your device to, including your IP address Information from cookies and similar technologiesEEA/UK/CH Last updated: 4th May 2023 IntroductionWhat Information We CollectHow We Use Your InformationHow We Share Your InformationOur Legal Bases and How We Process Your InformationYour Rights and ChoicesData Security and RetentionOur Global Operations and Data TransfersYounger UsersPrivacy Policy UpdatesContact Us Introduction This privacy policy (" Privacy Policy ") applies to the personal information that TikTok processes in connection with TikTok apps, websites, software and related services (the “ Platform ”), that link to or reference this Privacy Policy. Data Controller : If you live in the European Economic Area (“ EEA ”), the United Kingdom (“ UK ”), or Switzerland, TikTok Technology Limited, an Irish company (“ TikTok Ireland ”), and TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited (“ TikTok UK ”), a UK company, (" TikTok ," " our ," " we ," or " us ") are the joint controllers of your information processed in connection with this Privacy Policy. What Information We Collect We collect your information in three ways: Information You Provide , Automatically Collected Information , and Information From Other Sources . More detail is provided below. Information You Provide Profile Information. We collect information that you provide when you set up an account, such as your date of birth, username, email address and/or telephone number, and password. You can add other information to your profile, such as a bio or a profile photo. User Content. We collect the content you create or publish through the Platform, such as photographs, videos, audio recordings, livestreams, comments, hashtags, feedback, reviews, and the associated metadata (such as when, where, and by whom the content was created). Even if you are not a user, information about you may appear in content created or published by users on the Platform. ​​We collect User Content through pre-loading at the time of creation, import, or upload, regardless of whether you choose to save or upload that User Content , for example, to recommend music based on the video. We also collect content (such as text, images, and video) from your device's clipboard if you choose to copy and paste content to or from the Platform or share content between it and a third party platform. In addition, we collect location information (such as tourist attractions, shops, or other points of interest) if you choose to add the location information to your User Content . Direct Messages. If you communicate with others using direct messages, we collect the content of the message and the associated metadata (such as the time the message was sent, received and/or read, as well as the participants in the communication). We also collect the messages you send or receive through our chat functionality when communicating with merchants who sell goods to you, and your use of virtual assistants when purchasing items through the Platform. We do this to block spam, detect crime, and to safeguard our users. Your Contacts. If you choose to sync your contacts, we will collect information from your device’s phone book such as names, phone numbers, and email addresses, and match that information to users of the Platform. If you choose to find other users through your social network contacts, we will collect your public profile information as well as names and profiles of your social network contacts Purchase Information. When you make a purchase or payment on or through the Platform, including when you buy TikTok Coins or purchase goods through our shopping features, we collect information about the purchase or payment transaction, such as payment card information, billing, delivery, and contact information, and items you purchased. Surveys, Research, and Promotions. We collect information you provide if you choose to participate in a survey, research, promotion, contest, marketing campaign, or event conducted or sponsored by us. Information When You Contact Us. When you contact us, we collect the information you send us, such as proof of identity or age, feedback or inquiries about your use of the Platform or information about possible violations of our Terms of Service (our “ Terms ”), Community Guidelines (our “ Guidelines ”), or other policies. Automatically Collected Information Technical Information. We collect certain device and network connection information when you access the Platform. This information includes your device model, operating system, keystroke patterns or rhythms, IP address, and system language. We also collect service-related, diagnostic, and performance information, including crash reports and performance logs. We automatically assign you a device ID and user ID. Where you log-in from multiple devices, we use information such as your device ID and user ID to identify your activity across devices to give you a seamless log-in experience and for security purposes. Location Information.We automatically collect information about your approximate location (e.g. country, state, or city) based on your Technical Information (such as SIM card and IP address). Also, where you enable location services for the TikTok app within your device settings, we collect approximate location information from your device. Click here to learn more about how we collect Location Information. Usage Information. We collect information about how you engage with the Platform, including information about the content you view, the duration and frequency of your use, your engagement with other users, your search history and your settings. Content Characteristics and Features. We detect and collect characteristics and features about the videos, images, and audio recordings that are part of your User Content , for example, by identifying objects and scenery, the existence or location within an image of a face or other body parts; and the text of words spoken in your User Content . We do this, for example, for content moderation and to provide special effects (such as video filters and avatars) and captions. Inferred Information. We infer your attributes (such as age-range and gender) and interests based on the information we have about you. We use inferences, for example, to keep the Platform safe, for content moderation and, where permitted, to serve you personalised ads based on your interests. Cookies. We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to operate and provide the Platform. For example, we use cookies to remember your language preferences, make sure you don’t see the same video more than once, and for security purposes. We also use these technologies for marketing purposes. To learn more about our use of cookies, please see our Web Cookies Policy and Platform Cookies Policy . We will obtain your consent to our use of cookies where required by law. Information From Other Sources Advertising, Measurement and Other Partners. Advertisers, measurement and other partners share information with us about you and the actions you have taken outside of the Platform, such as your activities on other websites and apps or in stores, including the products or services you purchased, online or in person. These partners also share information with us, such as mobile identifiers for advertising, hashed email addresses and phone numbers, and cookie identifiers, which we use to help match you and your actions outside of the Platform with your TikTok account. Some of our advertisers and other partners enable us to collect similar information directly from their website or app by integrating our TikTok Advertiser Tools (such as TikTok Pixel). Merchants, Payment and Transaction Fulfillment Providers. We receive information about you from merchants as well as payment and transaction fulfillment providers, such as payment confirmation details, and information about the delivery of products you have purchased through our shopping features. Third Party Platforms and Partners. Third party platforms provide us with information (such as your email address, user ID, and public profile) when you choose to sign up for or log in to the Platform using sign-in features provided by those third parties. We may also receive contact information that you hold or is held about you when contact information is synced with our Platform by you or another user. When you interact with any third party service (such as third party apps, websites or products) that integrate TikTok Developer Tools , we will receive the information necessary to provide you with features like cross-service authentication or cross-posting. For example, this will happen if you log in to another platform with your TikTok account or if you use TikTok’s “share” button on a third party platform to share content from there to the Platform. Others. We may receive information about you from others, for example, where you are included or mentioned in User Content , Direct Messages , in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted by a user or third party, or if your contact information is provided to us by a user. How We Use Your Information We use your information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the Platform, including for the following purposes. You can find more detail in “ Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information ”. Provide and administer the Platform, such as enabling you to create, share, and consume content, to interact with other users and their content, and provide user support.Provide our shopping features and facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, goods and services, including sharing your information with merchants, payment and transaction fulfilment providers, and other service providers in order to process your orders.Personalise and customise your experience on the Platform, such as providing your “For You” feed. Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies that apply to you.We review User Content and other information to protect the safety and well-being of our community.Provide certain interactive features, such as enabling your content to be used in other users’ videos, and to suggest your account to other users to help connect you with other users.Provide and improve our advertising services, including to serve ads (including personalised ads, where permitted) and to measure and understand the effectiveness of the ads and other content. Maintain and enhance the safety, security, and stability of the Platform by identifying and addressing technical or security issues or problems (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity).Review, improve, and develop the Platform, including by monitoring interactions and usage across your devices, analysing how people are using it, and by training and improving our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms.Share your information with third party platforms to provide you with features, like content sharing at your request when you integrate your TikTok account with a third party service. Facilitate research conducted by independent researchers that meets certain criteria.Promote the Platform or third party services through marketing communications, contests, or promotions.Comply with our legal obligations, or as necessary to perform tasks in the public interest, or to protect the vital interests of our users and other people. How We Share Your Information Service Providers We engage service providers that help us provide, support, and develop the Platform and understand how it is used. They provide services such as cloud hosting, content delivery, customer and technical support, content moderation, marketing, analytics, and online payment. We share Information You Provide , Automatically Collected Information , and Information From Other Sources with these service providers as necessary to enable them to provide their services. Partners Third Party Platforms and Partners. We share limited information which may include Information You Provide , Technical Information , and Usage Information with third party platforms and partners whose platform or services are integrated with the Platform. We do this to give you a seamless experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, and/or enable third party platforms and partners to better authenticate users. Some examples include if you: log-in to a third party platform using your account, we will share your basic account information and any other information you provide,sign-up or log-in to the Platform using your account details from a third party platform (such as Facebook or Google), we will share certain Technical Information to facilitate this,share User Content you publish on the Platform on other social media platforms, we will share your User Content and related information. Advertisers. We provide advertisers with aggregate information about the performance of their ads and other content on the Platform in order to help them measure their effectiveness. We create this aggregate information using Information You Provide , Automatically Collected Information , and Information From Other Sources . We share your information directly with advertisers where you give us your permission. Measurement and Data Partners. We also share Information You Provide , Technical Information and Usage Information with third party measurement providers who help us measure advertising served on the Platform and help our advertisers determine how effective their ads have been. Merchants, Payment and Transaction Fulfilment Providers, and Other Service Providers. When you make a purchase through the shopping features on our Platform, we share Purchase Information related to the transaction with the merchant, payment and transaction fulfilment providers, and other service providers. For example, we will share the order items, contact details and delivery information so your order can be processed. We may also share certain Technical Information about your device or connection with these parties to help ensure the security of the transaction. Our Corporate Group As a global company, the Platform is supported by certain entities within our corporate group (“ Corporate Group ”). These entities process Information You Provide , Automatically Collected Information , and Information From Other Sources for us, as necessary to provide certain functions, such as storage, content delivery, security, research and development, analytics, online payments, customer and technical support, and content moderation. See Our Global Operations and Data Transfers for additional information. Others We share your information in other limited scenarios as follows: Other Users and the Public. Based on your privacy settings, your Profile Information and User Content may be visible to other users and the public.You can learn about account types and privacy settings, including how to limit the audience for your videos here . Your profile and content may also be visible to third parties, such as search engines, content aggregators, and news sites. You and other individuals may be able to share your User Content both on and off the Platform, depending on the choices you make in your privacy settings. Users of Our Analytics Services. We provide aggregated statistics and insights to help people and businesses understand how people are engaging with the Platform. For example, creators and advertisers can receive information about the number of views, likes, comments and shares of their videos, as well as aggregate demographic information about their followers and the viewers of their videos. We create this aggregate information using Information You Provide and Automatically Collected Information Independent Researchers: We share your information with independent researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria as described in Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information Corporate Transactions. Your information may be disclosed to third parties in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of assets or shares, reorganisation, financing, change of control, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business. Legal Obligations and Rights. We may access, preserve, and share the information described in " What Information We Collect " with law enforcement agencies, public authorities, copyright holders, or other third parties if we have good faith belief that it is necessary to: comply with applicable law, legal process or government requests, as consistent with internationally recognised standards,protect the rights, property, and safety of our users, copyright holders, and others, including to protect life or prevent imminent bodily harm. For example, we may provide information (such as your IP address) to law enforcement in the event of an emergency where someone’s life or safety is at risk,investigate potential violations of and enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or any other applicable terms, policies, or standards, or detect, investigate, prevent, or address misleading activity, copyright infringement, or other illegal activity. To learn more about how we handle requests from law enforcement agencies and public authorities, see our Law Enforcement Guidelines . Our Legal Bases and How We Process Your Information We may only use your information when we have a “legal basis” to do so. We use different legal bases depending on why we use your information (in other words, the “purpose” of our processing). These legal bases are contractual necessity, legitimate interests (ours, yours or those of another party), consent, compliance with a legal obligation, performing a task in the public interest, and protection of vital interests. Here we explain the legal bases we rely on when we process your information. This section also describes why we use your information, how this information is processed, the categories of information involved, and the associated rights (which always includes the right to access your information). For more information on how to exercise any of your rights, please check out the “ Your Rights and Choices ” section in the Privacy Policy. Contractual Necessity We use Information You Provide , Automatically Collected Information , and Information From Other Sources where it is necessary to perform the contract you enter into (our Terms) when you register for, access, or use the Platform. This means we use your information to: Provide you with the Platform. We use your information to allow you to access and use the Platform, including allowing you to create and consume content, interact with others, utilise social features, and provide you with products and services you purchase. We also personalise your experience on the Platform, such as providing your “For You” feed, which shows you videos that we think you would be interested in (see here for more information) and by suggesting accounts to you. Product orders and deliveries. We use your information to process orders, such as to facilitate the purchase and delivery of products, and communicate with you about your orders. This includes sharing Purchase Information with Merchants, Payment and Transaction Fulfilment Providers, and Other Service Providers Enforce our Terms, Guidelines, or policies. We use your information to enforce our Terms, Guidelines, and policies. This may include removing content (including through automated means) or suspending or banning your account if we determine that you are violating our Terms or Guidelines. Administer the Platform.We also use the information we have to administer the Platform, such as to communicate with you on service related matters, provide you with updates and support regarding any purchase you make on or through the Platform, and respond to and process your queries, claims or disputes (including when you tell us about a problem, or ask for a copy of your information). Your Rights : Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for the contract we have with you, you have the right to port information you have provided to us. Legitimate Interests We use your information where this is necessary to achieve legitimate interests - whether belonging to us, you, or a third party - provided these interests are not outweighed by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. We use the information we collect to: Enable users to create content with interactive features . Interactive features, like Duet and Stitch, enable other users to include your videos in their videos (if you allow this in your settings). Legitimate Interest relied upon : To provide users with tools to inspire creativity, collaboration, and enjoyment, and to create opportunities for users to reach new audiences. Information used : Information You Provide and Automatically Collected Information . Suggest your account to other users . We may suggest your account to other users, including when a user chooses to sync their contacts with the Platform. Legitimate Interest relied upon : To enable users to quickly and efficiently find and connect with other users. Information used : Information You Provide , Automatically Collected Information , and Information From Other Sources . Provide all users with non-personalised advertising . We show all users non-personalised advertising, including those who have chosen not to receive personalised ads. Legitimate Interest relied upon : We show non-personalised ads to keep the Platform free of charge. We process limited categories of your information to make sure our advertising service is useful to our advertisers (for example, to serve ads to users in a particular country or to users who speak the same language). Information used : Information You Provide and Automatically Collected Information . Provide measurement and analytics services . We help creators and advertisers measure the effectiveness and distribution of ads and other content viewed on the Platform. Legitimate Interest relied upon : To enable creators and advertisers to view and understand how their ads or content performed and the audience that viewed or interacted with their ads or content. This is so that they can make informed decisions (such as what kinds of ad campaigns they may want to run, the type of audience they want to reach and the types of content that users enjoy the most). This helps keep the advertising and other content we show users relevant and entertaining, and keeps the Platform free for all users. Information used : Information You Provide , Automatically Collected Information , and Information From Other Sources . Ensure the safety and well-being of our community . We use your information to ensure the safety and well-being of our community, including by reviewing User Content (and if permitted under applicable law, Direct Messages and associated metadata) for breaches of our Terms, Guidelines, and other policies. We also infer your age range, and under certain circumstances, may ask you to provide additional information to confirm your age. Legitimate Interest relied upon : To keep our community safe, review compliance with our Guidelines, and identify misuse of the Platform. Information used : Information You Provide , Automatically Collected Information , and Information From Other Sources . Ensure the security and stability of the Platform . We use your information to ensure the stability and security of the Platform, including by identifying and combating technical or security issues (such as technical bugs, spam accounts, and detecting abuse, fraud, and illegal activity). Legitimate Interest relied upon : To ensure the ongoing stability and security of the Platform and to ensure it is continuously available and functioning. Information used : Information You Provide , Automatically Collected Information , and Information From Other Sources . Review, improve, promote and develop the Platform . We use the information we have to understand how people are using the Platform and to develop and improve the Platform, including to train, develop, and improve our technology such as our machine learning models and algorithms. We also use this information to better understand and promote the Platform, popular topics, and emerging trends. Legitimate Interest relied upon : To improve, promote, and develop the Platform in an informed way. Information used : Information You Provide , Automatically Collected Information , and Information From Other Sources .Facilitate independent research. We share your information with Independent Researchers to facilitate research that meets certain criteria, including where such researchers have demonstrable experience and expertise in their area. Click here to learn more. Legitimate Interest relied upon : To facilitate independent research that aims to develop society’s collective knowledge, including in the areas of misinformation and disinformation, violence, cybercrime, and social trends. Information used : Information You Provide , Automatically Collected Information . Share your information with third parties . We share your information with third parties whose platforms or services are integrated with the Platform. Legitimate Interest relied upon : To provide you with a seamless experience, allow your content to be shared on other platforms, enable third parties to authenticate users, and optimise user experience. Information used : Information You Provide , Automatically Collected Information , and Information From Other Sources . Marketing communications . We may send you direct marketing messages about features of the Platform and third party services that we think will interest you. We may also send you promotions, contests, or marketing campaigns or event information. We will obtain your consent to send you messages where required by law. Legitimate Interest relied upon : To promote the Platform or third party products and services. Information used : Information You Provide , Automatically Collected Information , and Information From Other Sources . Your Rights : Whenever we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for legitimate interests, you can object to, and request restriction of, such usage. Your Consent We ask for your consent to access or use your information for specific purposes. If we do, you’ll always be able to revoke your consent through your device permissions or in-app settings. Personalised advertising . With your consent, we will serve you with personalised ads based on your activity on and off the Platform. Information used : Information You Provide , Automatically Collected Information , and Information From Other Sources for this purpose. Your rights : Whenever we use your information based on your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. However, your withdrawal of consent will not affect the lawfulness of processing your information based on your consent prior to your withdrawal of consent. You can withdraw your consent for applicable personalised ads related settings by following these instructions . You also have the right to port information you have provided to us that we use based on your consent. Compliance with a legal obligation We may use your information including your Profile Information or User Content where it is necessary to comply with a legal obligation. This includes situations where we have obligations to take measures to ensure the safety of our users, or comply with a valid legal request such as an order from law enforcement agencies or courts. We generally use Information You Provide and Automatically Collected Information , although it depends on the specific situation. To perform a task in the public interest We may use your information where it is necessary to perform a task in the public interest, including undertaking research, preventing and detecting crime, safeguarding children and promoting public safety, security, and integrity as laid down by applicable law. We generally use Information You Provide and Automatically Collected Information , although it depends on the specific situation. Your rights : When we use your information on the basis that it is necessary for a task carried out in the public interest, you have the right to object to, and seek restriction of, our usage. To protect someone's vital interests We may use your information where it is necessary to protect your or someone else's life, physical integrity, or safety. This could include providing law enforcement agencies or emergency services with information in urgent situations to protect health or life. We generally provide Information You Provide and Automatically Collected Information , although it depends on the specific situation. Your Rights and Choices You have rights and choices when it comes to your information. Some of these rights apply generally, while others will only apply in certain circumstances. Depending on the scenario, these rights may be subject to some limitations. TikTok Ireland will be responsible for responding to your request within the relevant periods provided by law. If necessary to resolve your request, TikTok Ireland will liaise with TikTok UK. Access your information. You can ask us, free of charge, to confirm what information we process about you, to provide certain information about the processing, and for a copy of your information.In-app controls enable you to: access your information that is available to other users when you navigate to the " me " tab on your account.request a copy of your information by using the “ Download your data ” tool. Click here for detailed instructions. Delete your information. You can delete or ask us to delete some or all of your information. In-app controls enable you to: delete the content posted on your profile, such as your User Content and your Profile Information .delete your full account. Click here for detailed instructions.request the deletion of a particular piece of content using the in-app reporting feature (more information is available here ). Rectify your information. You can change or ask us to change or correct your information where that information is not accurate. You can change or correct much of your information through the in-app controls and settings (such as your Profile Information and video content). Port your information. You have the right to data portability in circumstances where we rely on contractual necessity or consent as our legal basis. This means that you have the right to receive your information in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and to share it with a third party. You can exercise your right of portability by choosing to “ Download your data ” in your settings. Click here for detailed instructions. Object to the processing of your information . You also have the right to object to the processing of your information in certain circumstances. This right applies when we are performing a task in the public interest, pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party, or when your data is processed for the purpose of facilitating scientific or historical research in certain circumstances. In submitting an objection request, please provide all relevant information, including the processing activity you are objecting to, why you want to object and how the processing activity affects you, and any additional information that you think will help us review your request. We will stop the particular processing if we don't have compelling legitimate grounds to continue that processing or don’t need it for legal claims. Restrict the processing of your information . You have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your information where (a) you are challenging the accuracy of the information, (b) the information has been unlawfully processed, but you are opposing the deletion of that information, (c) where you need the information to be retained for the pursuit or defence of a legal claim, or (d) you have objected to processing and you are awaiting the outcome of that objection request. To exercise any of the above rights, please contact us through our webform . Before we can respond to a request to exercise one or more of the rights listed above, you may be required to verify your identity or your account details or provide additional information so that we can understand your request. We encourage you to “ Contact us ” if you are not satisfied with how we have responded to any of your rights requests. You also have the right to lodge a complaint with the Irish Data Protection Commission (TikTok Ireland’s lead supervisory authority) or with your local supervisory authority. In addition to these rights, you can control privacy settings for your account. Click here for more information. Data Security and Retention Security of your information is important to us. We maintain appropriate technical, administrative, and physical security measures that are designed to protect your information from unauthorised access, theft, disclosure, modification, or loss. We regularly review our security measures to consider available new technology and methods. We retain information for as long as necessary to provide the Platform and for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We also retain information when necessary to comply with contractual and legal obligations, when we have a legitimate business interest to do so (such as improving and developing the Platform, and enhancing its safety, security and stability), and for the exercise or defence of legal claims. The retention periods will be different depending on the type of information and the purposes for which we use the information. For example, when we process your information to provide you with the Platform, we keep this information for as long as you have an account. This information includes your Profile Information , User Content , and Direct Messages . If you violate our Guidelines or Terms, we may remove your Profile Information and/or User Content from public view immediately but keep your information as is necessary to process the violation.Our Global Operations and Data Transfers To support our global operations: We store the information described in the “ What Information We Collect ” section in servers located in the United States, Malaysia and Singapore. Certain entities in our Corporate Group, located outside your country of residence (see here ), are given limited remote access to this information so they can provide certain functions, as described in the Our Corporate Group section in “ How We Share Your Information ”. This access is limited, secure and only granted where necessary under strict security controls and authorisation approval protocols. We share “ What Information We Collect ” with service providers, partners and other third party entities, as described in “ How We Share Your Information ”. These third parties can be located outside your country of residence. These entities commit to processing information in compliance with applicable privacy laws and to implementing appropriate security measures to protect your information. When we transfer your information outside of the EEA, the UK, or Switzerland, we ensure it benefits from an adequate level of data protection by relying on: Adequacy decisions. These are decisions from the European Commission under Article 45 GDPR (or equivalent decisions under other laws) where they recognise that a country offers an adequate level of data protection. We transfer your information as described in “ What Information We Collect ” to some countries with adequacy decisions, such as the countries listed here ; or Standard contractual clauses. The European Commission has approved contractual clauses under Article 46 of the GDPR that allows companies in the EEA to transfer data outside the EEA. These (and their approved equivalent for the UK and Switzerland) are called standard contractual clauses. We rely on standard contractual clauses to transfer information as described in “ What Information We Collect ” to certain entities in our Corporate Group (as described here )and third parties in countries without an adequacy decision. For a copy of these adequacy decisions or standard contractual clauses, please contact us via the details provided in the “ Contact us ” section below. Younger Users You must be at least 13 years old to use the Platform. If you believe that there is a user who is below this minimum age, please contact us using this webform . To provide users younger than 18 with an age-appropriate experience, certain features are not available. Further details are available in our Help Centre . If you are the guardian of a teen, our Guardian's Guide contains information and resources to help you understand the Platform and the tools and controls you or your teen can use, including “Family Pairing” features. Privacy Policy Updates We may amend or update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes to this policy by a notice provided through the Platform or by other means. The “Last Updated” date at the top of this policy reflects the effective date of such policy changes. Contact Us You can contact us about this Privacy Policy through our webform . You can reach TikTok's Data Protection Officer here . You can also contact us at the following postal address. For users in the European Economic Area and Switzerland : TikTok Technology Limited, 10 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin, D02 T380, Ireland. For users in the United Kingdom : TikTok Information Technologies UK Limited, Kaleidoscope, 4 Lindsey Street, London, EC1A 9HP, United Kingdom. Company Programs Resources Legal