PRIVACY POLICY PRIVACY POLICY Welcome to https://support.acordsolutions.com (the “Site”), a website provided by ACORD Solutions Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation that provides full-scale automation services and solutions to enable straight-through processing of data across the insurance value chain using proven ACORD® standards ("ASG"). ASG respects your privacy, and this policy covers ASG’s handling, use and disclosure of information collected from you through the Site, your use of software products licensed from ASG (“Software”) or other sources in the ordinary course of ASG’s business. 1. Acceptance You should review this policy carefully, and be sure you understand it, prior to using the Site or any Software, or otherwise providing any information to ASG. Your use of the Site or any Software, or your otherwise providing any information to ASG, is deemed to be irrevocable acceptance by you of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, you should not use, and should immediately terminate your use of, the Site or such Software, as applicable, and not otherwise provide any information to ASG. For purposes of this Section, accessing the Site only to review this policy or any terms of use is not deemed to be use of the Site. 2. Privacy Shield Some of the information collected by ASG may relate to residents of the European Union or Switzerland. The European Union and Switzerland have adopted requirements for the protection of certain information, and in order to satisfy such requirements, ASG has (a) agreed to comply with the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework Principles, including the Supplemental Principles, designed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework Principles, including the Supplemental Principles, designed by the U.S. Department of Commerce and Swiss Administration and (b) elected to self-certify under the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework administered by the U.S. Department of Commerce (the “Privacy Shield”). In particular, ASG has agreed, with respect to all Shield Information, to adhere to the Privacy Shield’s principles of notice, choice, accountability for onward transfer, security, data integrity and purpose limitation, access and recourse, enforcement and liability. For purposes of enforcing compliance with the Privacy Shield, ASG is subject to the investigatory and enforcement authority of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, which can impose sanctions consisting of administrative orders and civil penalties. ASG is listed at https://www.privacyshield.gov/list as having certified to its compliance with the Privacy Shield. For more information regarding the Privacy Shield, please see the U.S. Department of Commerce’s website at http://privacyshield.gov . 3.Information In this policy: (a) “Analytical Information” means all Non-Personal Information obtained through the use of cookies (or other code) and server log files (including, but not limited to, (i) your search terms, (ii) your computer’s access date and time, browser, connection speed, Internet protocol address, Internet service provider, language, location, manufacturer, visit details, and operating system, and (iii) whether or not you opened email messages or other electronic communications from ASG, and if you did, the times they were opened); (b) “Collected Information” means all (i) Personal Information (including, but not limited to, name, e-mail address, physical address, phone number, photographs, credit card processing information, human resource data from employees and independent contractors of ASG, and insurance information relating to third-party individuals provided by clients of ASG), and (ii) Non-Personal Information (including, but not limited to, Analytical Information); (c) “Non-Personal Information” means all information collected by ASG, whether electronically or manually, through (i) the Site, (ii) any Software, (iii) e-mail messages and other electronic communications that you may send to ASG, and (iv) other sources in the ordinary course of ASG’s business, that is not Personal Information; (d) “Personal Information” means all information collected by ASG, whether electronically or manually, through (i) the Site, (ii) any Software, (iii) e-mail messages and other electronic communications that you may send to ASG, and (iv) other sources in the ordinary course of ASG’s business, that relates to an individual and that identifies, or can be used in conjunction with other readily-accessible information to identify, such individual (including, but not limited to, any such information relating to employees of ASG residing in the United States or the United Kingdom); (e) “Sensitive Information” means all Shield Information of an individual that specifies (i) health data, (ii) racial or ethnic origin, (iii) political opinions, (iv) religious or philosophical beliefs, (v) union membership, (vi) genetic data, (vii) biometric data or (viii) the sex life or sexual orientation of such individual; and (f) “Shield Information” means all Personal Information collected by ASG, whether electronically or manually, through (i) the Site, (ii) any Software, (iii) e-mail messages and other electronic communications that you may send to ASG, and (iv) other sources in the ordinary course of ASG’s business, that relates to individuals residing in the European Union or Switzerland and that is covered by the Privacy Shield. 4. Collected Information No Collected Information is obtained from you, unless it is voluntarily provided, except for any Collected Information (i) obtained automatically through the Site as set forth in this policy or any Software in connection with its intended functionality, (ii) obtained pursuant to a separate written policy unrelated to the Site and of which you are provided notice, or (iii) obtained through legal process. Regardless of the method used to obtain Collected Information, ASG will collect and retain Personal Information in its primary and backup files only to an extent that is relevant to the purposes for which it is provided by you, and except for Shield Information, for ASG's other legitimate business purposes (including, but not limited to, marketing). You are responsible for obtaining any approvals, authorizations, consents and permissions that are required in connection with your providing ASG with any information (including, but not limited to, any information relating to a third party). 5. Choice Excluding information to which ASG is entitled under a separate contract with you or as a matter of law, you may refuse to provide any information to ASG at any time by terminating your use of the Site and all Software, or in all other cases not involving use of the Site or any Software, by notifying ASG as set forth in Section 22. If you refuse to provide any information when requested to do so by ASG, the Site or any Software, you may not be able to access, or otherwise enjoy the benefits of, certain services from ASG, features of the Site or functionality of such Software. 6. Electronic Communications Whether or not you have previously sent ASG an e-mail message, you consent to ASG’s sending you e-mail messages and other electronic communications (a) in connection with your use of the Site or any Software, (b) in the ordinary course of business, or (c) for any other legitimate business purpose (including, but not limited to, marketing).Since ASG endeavors to send e-mail messages and other electronic communications only to individuals desiring to receive them, you can unsubscribe to such e-mail messages or other electronic communications at any time by contacting ASG as set forth in Section 22 or by following the directions contained in such e-mail messages or other electronic communications. 7. Analytical Information When you access the Site or use any Software that is licensed as “software as a service” or otherwise hosted by ASG, ASG will collect Analytical Information. Your browser may provide you with the ability to not accept cookies, as well as the ability to delete already-existing cookies. If you refuse, or delete previously existing, cookies, you may not be able to enjoy some features of the Site or functionality of any Software. Analytical Information will only be used by ASG (a) to record your use of the Site or any Software, (b) to diagnose problems with the Site or any Software, (c) to improve the Site or any Software and make the Site or such Software, as applicable, more useful to you and other users, and (d) for other legitimate business purposes of ASG (including, but not limited to, marketing). ASG will collect Analytical Information either directly or through third parties acting on its behalf. 8. Sensitive Information Any provision of this policy to the contrary notwithstanding, if ASG collects any Sensitive Information from you, your explicit consent (i.e. among other things, you must “opt in”) will be obtained before such Sensitive Information is (a) disclosed to a third party or (b) used for a purpose other than the purposes for which such Sensitive Information was originally collected or subsequently authorized by such individual through the exercise of an “opt-in” choice. ASG will also treat as Sensitive Information any Personal Information of an individual received by ASG from a third party if the third party identifies it in writing to ASG, and treats it, as sensitive. 9. Controller All electronic Personal Information is controlled by ASG on servers residing at ASG’s place of business in Pearl River, New York, and on servers residing at off-site data centers in the United States and other locations. ASG may transfer Collected Information to a third-party controller, except that, in the case of Shield Information only, (a) you will be provided with notice of such transfer or this Section is amended to reflect such transfer pursuant to Section 20 and ASG complies with the choice principles of the Privacy Shield, and (b) ASG enters into an agreement with such third party providing that (i) Shield Information may only be processed for limited specified purposes consistent with the consent provided by you, (ii) any such third party will provide the same level of protection as the Privacy Shield, (iii) such third party will notify ASG if it makes a determination that it can no longer meet its obligation to do so and (v) when such a determination is made, such third party must cease processing Shield Information or takes other commercially reasonable steps to remediate such third party’s inability to meet such obligation. 10. Protection Except as provided in the immediately following sentence, ASG will use commercially reasonable efforts to protect Personal Information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, alteration, destruction and disclosure. Certain Personal Information posted by you on the Site may be accessible to the general public, and ASG is not responsible for protecting such Personal Information from loss, misuse or unauthorized access, alteration, destruction or disclosure. For example, if you participate in a public forum on the Site, any information disclosed by you when doing so may be available to the general public. Also, since no transmission of information over the Internet or electronic storage of information is completely secure, it is possible that Collected Information could be lost, misused or accessed, altered, destroyed or disclosed without authorization, even if ASG uses such reasonable efforts. In providing information to ASG, you must assume the risk that Collected Information could be lost, misused or accessed, altered, destroyed or disclosed without authorization. 11. Use and Transfer of Collected Information All Collected Information may be used by ASG for any legitimate business purpose (including, but not limited to, marketing), except that, in the case of Shield Information only, such purpose (a) is relevant to the purpose for which Shield Information has been provided by you or (b) has been subsequently authorized by you. If ASG expressly states in this policy or in another writing that any Collected Information will only be used for a specific purpose, ASG will only use such Collected Information for such purpose, unless you subsequently consent to its being used for another purpose.Any Collected Information obtained by ASG, whether or not for a specific purpose, may be disclosed to third parties retained by ASG (including, but not limited to, any distributors, sub-contractors or vendors of ASG) for any purposes for which ASG could use such Collected Information, except that, in the case of Shield Information only, (a) such third party’s right to use Shield Information is limited to such purposes, (b) such third party is obligated to provide at least the same level of privacy protection as is required by the Privacy Shield, (c) ASG takes commercially reasonable steps to ensure that such third party effectively processes Shield Information in a manner consistent with ASG’s obligations under the Privacy Shield, (d) such third party is required to notify ASG if such third party makes a determination that it can no longer meet its obligation to provide the same level of privacy protection as required under the Privacy Shield, (e) upon such notice, ASG must take commercially reasonable steps to stop and remediate unauthorized processing of Shield Information, and (f) upon the request of the U.S. Department of Commerce (or its designee), ASG must provide a summary or representative copy of the relevant privacy provisions of its agreements with such third party. In cases of onward transfers to third parties of Shield Information, ASG is potentially liable for the failure of such third party to comply with the Privacy Shield. ASG may also at any time, in its sole discretion, disclose and use any Collected Information (including, but not limited to, a computer’s Internet protocol addresses), whether or not you furnished such Collected Information for a specific purpose, to (a) comply with, or as permitted by, any applicable law or government request, (b) cooperate with law enforcement, and other third parties, in investigating a claim of fraud, illegal activity or infringement of intellectual property rights, (c) protect the rights, property or legitimate business interests of ASG or a third party, or (d) transfer such Collected Information to a third party purchasing all, or substantially all, of ASG’s assets. If Collected Information is so transferred, ASG will have no responsibility for any action of the third party to whom or which such Collected Information is transferred. 12. Third-Party Sites The Site and any Software may contain links to, or be accessible from, websites provided by third parties (individually a “Third-Party Site”). Your use of a Third-Party Site will be subject to its terms of use and other provisions, and you are responsible for complying with such terms and other provisions. This policy does not cover the privacy policies or practices of any Third-Party Site, and ASG is not responsible for any information you submit to, or otherwise collected by, any Third-Party Site. ASG is only responsible for Collected Information obtained by it (a) through your authorized use of the Site or any Software, or (b) from other sources in the ordinary course of its business. You should consult each Third-Party Site for its privacy policy or practice before submitting any information to, or otherwise using, such Third-Party Site. 13. Access ASG does not warrant or represent that any Collected Information will be accurate or error-free. However, upon your request, ASG will grant you access to your Shield Information in the possession, or under the control, of ASG solely for the purpose of your correcting or deleting such Shield Information that is inaccurate or has been processed in violation of the Privacy Shield, except where the burden or expense of providing such access would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy or where the rights of a third party would be violated. If you desire access to any Shield Information, you must contact ASG in writing as set forth in Section 22. 14. Children The Site is not intended for children under 13 years of age. However, if a parent or guardian of a child who is under 13 years of age discovers that the child’s personal information has been submitted to ASG through the Site without the parent’s or guardian's consent, ASG will use commercially reasonable efforts to remove such information from the Site and ASG’s servers at the parent’s or guardian's request. To request the removal of personal information of a child under 13 years of age, the parent or guardian must contact ASG as set forth in Section 22, and provide all information requested by ASG to assist it in identifying the information to be removed. 15. Applicable Law This policy shall be governed by, and construed and interpreted in accordance with, (a) the laws of the state of New York, without regard to its principles of conflict of laws, and in the case of Shield Information, (b) the Privacy Shield. If there is any conflict or inconsistency between any provision of this policy and any provision of any applicable law or the Privacy Shield, the latter shall control. 16.Complaints Except as provided in Section 17, regarding Shield Information, any complaint by you regarding any Collected Information, or otherwise relating to this policy, must first be submitted to ASG as set forth in Section 22, and ASG must be given a reasonable opportunity of not less than 30 days to investigate and respond to your complaint. Upon ASG’s completing such investigation and so responding, ASG and you must then attempt, in good faith, to promptly resolve any remaining aspects of your complaint. In addition to the rights you may have under Section 17, regarding Shield Information, if any aspect of your complaint remains unresolved after an additional reasonable period of time of not less than 30 days, (a) you may commence litigation against ASG in connection with the unresolved portion of your complaint only in a court located in Westchester County, New York, and having subject matter jurisdiction over your complaint, and (b) you consent to any such court’s being, and waive any objection (including, but not limited to, any such objection based on inconvenience) to such court’s not being, a proper venue for your complaint. 17. Independent Recourse Mechanism If you have a complaint that relates to any Shield Information, ASG offers an independent recourse mechanism to resolve your complaint that you may use in lieu of the process described in Section 16. The independent recourse mechanism offered by ASG is more fully described at http://privacyshield.gov . In order to access the independent recourse mechanism, you must file a complaint with the International Centre for Dispute Resolution of the American Arbitration Association (“ICDR”), and after receiving your complaint, ICDR will resolve the dispute between you and ASG by following the ICDR Dispute Resolution Procedures located at http://go.adr.org/privacyshield.html . All fees of ICDR in connection with your use of its independent recourse mechanism described in this Section will be paid by ASG. If all other options available to you for resolving a complaint are unsuccessful, and upon satisfaction of certain other conditions, you can lodge your complaint with the Privacy Shield Panel, which is an “arbitration mechanism” of three neutral arbitrators. Any decision of the Privacy Shield Panel is binding and enforceable in courts of the United States. With respect to human resources data that is Shield Information and that is used in the context of the employment relationship, ASG will, as applicable, (a) cooperate with, and comply with the advice given by, the E.U. data protection authorities, and (b) cooperate with, and comply with the advice given by, the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner. 18. Entire Agreement Except as set forth in this Section, this policy contains the entire agreement, and supersedes all prior oral and written agreements, proposals and understandings, between you and ASG, with respect to Collected Information. If you use the Site or any Software, or otherwise have business dealings with ASG, such use or dealings will be subject to this policy, plus any other written agreement between the parties that is applicable thereto (including, but not limited, any applicable terms of use and license agreements). To the extent there is any conflict or inconsistency between any provision of this policy and any provision of such other agreement, the former shall control. 19. Severability Whenever possible, each provision of this policy shall be interpreted to be effective and valid under applicable law. If, however, any such provision shall be prohibited by or invalid under such law, it shall be deemed modified to conform to the minimum requirements of such law, or if for any reason it is not so modified, it shall be prohibited or invalid only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity without the remainder of such provision, or any other provision of this policy, being prohibited or invalid. 20. Revisions ASG may revise any provision of this policy from time to time by posting the revised provision on the Site so long as such revision does not conflict with the Privacy Shield. Any such revision will take effect immediately upon such posting, and will apply to all Collected Information obtained by ASG after such posting. It is your responsibility to periodically check this policy on the Site for revisions to this policy. 21. Expenses Except as provided in this policy or in the Privacy Shield or other applicable law, you are solely responsible for all fees and disbursements of any attorney or other advisor retained by you in connection with your enforcing your rights under this policy. 22.Additional Information If you have any questions or complaints, or desire additional information, regarding ASG’s handling of any Collected Information or otherwise relating to this policy, please promptly contact: ACORD Solutions Group, Inc.Attn: General Counsel1 Blue Hill Plaza, 15th FloorPearl River, New York 10965United States of America Effective Date: June 27, 2018 WHO WE ARE ACORD Solutions Group (ASG) was born in 2016 of ACORD's long-standing commitment to enabling efficiency for the global insurance industry. ASG's mission is to provide full-scale, industry-owned automation services and solutions which enable straight-through processing of data across the insurance value chain, using proven ACORD Standards. Copyright © 2017-2021 ACORD Solutions Group. All rights reserved. | Privacy PolicyPLANT NITE PRIVACY POLICY THIS PRIVACY POLICY WAS LAST UPDATED ON: JUNE 24, 2015. This Privacy Policy was last updated on: June 24, 2015. This Privacy Policy ("Policy") sets forth the privacy policies that apply to your use of http://www.plantnite.com or any of our other websites (collectively, the "Site") and any other services or products and any related software applications (collectively, the "Service") oﬀered and/or operated by Plant Nite, LLC ("Plant Nite" or "we" or "our" or "us"). By visiting our Site or otherwise signing up for and/or using our Service, you are subject to these privacy policies. Plant Nite is concerned about your privacy and wants you to be familiar with how it collects, uses and shares your information. This Policy outlines the type of information that we collect and receive from you while you are using our Site or other Service. Additionally this Policy identiﬁes the ways in which we process, and sometimes share, such information and what control and choices you have with regard to the collection and use of your personal information. Please review this Policy carefully, especially before providing any personal information through our Site or other Service. Our Site and Service are operated in and controlled from the United States of America. If you have any questions about this Policy or don't see your concerns addressed here, please use the contact information provided at the end of this Policy to contact us. What this Privacy Policy Covers: The practices described in this Policy only apply to the following: Information collected online on this Site. What this Privacy Policy Does Not Cover: This Policy does not cover any of the following: Information you give to us oﬄine, for example when you send a letter to our business address or leave a message on our voicemail system. This Policy will be posted on this Site for your review and from time to time as part of registering or providing information in connection with this Site or other Service, we may provide you with a short notice reminding you to refer to this Policy and other relevant information from us when using our Site or other Service. PLEASE REVIEW THIS POLICY AND THE TERMS OF USE FOR THIS SITE AND/ OR SERVICE CAREFULLY. YOUR USE OF THIS SITE AND/OR SERVICE SIGNIFIES YOUR AGREEMENT TO SUCH POLICY AND TERMS OF USE. 1. WHAT TYPES OF INFORMATION PLANT NITE COLLECTS Our goal is to collect and use only that information that we think is required for our legitimate business interests, in order to better understand your interests and to improve your experience of using our Site or other Service. In order to do so, we collect the following types of information: Personally Identiﬁable Information - Personally identiﬁable information is any information that identiﬁes a living individual, such as your ﬁrst and last name, mailing address, phone number, mobile phone number email address, photograph, credit/debit card number and expiration date (or other payment-method information), login ID, member name and password and other information about a speciﬁc individual that identiﬁes the individual ("Personally Identiﬁable Information"). When you sign up for or use the Site or other Service, Plant Nite collects some amount of Personally Identiﬁable Information from you. Unless stated otherwise at the point of collection, we will treat any such Personally Identiﬁable Information that you submit about other people in accordance with this Policy. 2. HOW PLANT NITE USES INFORMATION Personally Identiﬁable Information. We will use your Personally Identiﬁable Information for the purposes for which it was provided. For example, Plant Nite may use your Personally Identiﬁable Information to notify you of changes to the event for which you registered, to let you know about special opportunities and other events you may be interested in, and to request your participation in surveys or other promotions. All of our newsletters and oter general email marketing communications also include an 'unsubscribe' opt-out link that you may use to ask that we discontinue such emails to you. Aggregate Information - Plant Nite also combines your usage information for the Site or other Service with that of other users ("Aggregate Information") to determine which features and areas of the Site or other Service are most popular. Aggregate Information does not contain any of your Personally Identiﬁable Information. By collecting and analyzing this data, Plant Nite can improve the Site or other Service. Interest Based Advertising - Plant Nite will show you ads based on information that we, or agencies that Plant Nite utilizes, have collected or received about your activities and interests based on your online activities. Plant Nite also does not target ads to users based on sensitive health data, including cancer, mental health-related conditions, and sexually-related areas. If you don't want to receive interest based advertising you can opt out. 3.DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES Social Media Plug-Ins and Sharing with Other Sites You May Authorize -Social media plug-ins of social networks, which may include but are not limited to Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr and Pinterest, may be integrated into our Site and other Services. Where our Site or other Service contains a plug-in to a social networking site, these are clearly marked (i.e. with a button). If you choose to click on one of these buttons or links, you browser will connect directly to the servers of the relevant social networking site. The social media network directly transmits the content of the plug-in to your browser. Plant Nite assumes no responsibility or liability for the actions of such third parties with respect to their use of your information or otherwise. Accordingly, make sure you are aware of and comfortable with the privacy policies of any third parties that you authorize to gather information from Plant Nite. 4. THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING AND LINKS TO OTHER SITES Plant Nite does not control the privacy policies of third parties that have Web sites linked to the Site. If you click on an advertisement or link, the privacy policies of the Web site that you link to will govern the use of your information by that Web site's operator. Plant Nite assumes no responsibility or liability for the actions of such third parties with respect to their use of your information or otherwise. Accordingly, make sure you are aware of and comfortable with the privacy policies of any third-party Web sites you link to. 5. GUIDELINES REGARDING CHILDREN (COPPA) Plant Nite is not designed or intended for use by persons under 21. At various places on the Site or other Service, we may ask users for their age. Persons under 21 are expressly prohibited from submitting any Personally Identiﬁable Information (as deﬁned below) to us, and if we discover that we have inadvertently gathered any such information from a person under 21, we will take appropriate steps to delete it. 6. HOW WE PROTECT AND SECURE YOUR INFORMATION We maintain security measures in place in order to attempt to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the Personally Identiﬁable Information under our control. Please be advised, however, that the Internet and other various networking communication media are not entirely secure, and your information may therefore be subject to interception or loss which is beyond our control. While we strive to protect your Personally Identiﬁable Information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any Personally Identiﬁable Information you transmit to us. Any transmission is done at your own risk. Accordingly, Plant Nite assumes no responsibility or liability for disclosure of your information (personally identiﬁable or otherwise) due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third-party access or other causes beyond Plant Nite's reasonable control. 7. APPLICABLE LAW We control and operate the Site and any other Service from the State of Massachusetts in the United States. The interpretation and application of this Privacy Policy shall be governed by the laws of the United States and the State of Massachusetts without regard to its conﬂict of law provisions. This Site or other Service is not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the United States. Please note that we do not represent or warrant that the Site or other Service is appropriate for use in any particular jurisdiction. Those who choose to access the Site or other Service do so at their own initiative and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. If you are located in a country outside the United States and submit personal information to us, you are consenting to the transfer, processing, storage and use of that information in the United States as provided in this Policy. 8. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS (California residents) California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please email us at info@plantnite.com 9. ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY When you use the Site or other Service, you are accepting the terms and conditions of this Policy, and Plant Nite will have the right to use your Personally Identiﬁable Information or other information about you as described in this Policy. If you do not agree to have your information used in any of the ways described in this Policy, you must not use the Site or other Service and you must follow the opt-out provisions above. If you have questions or concerns about this Policy, please contact Customer Support or write to Plant Nite at the contact address listed below. 10.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY From time to time, we may revise this Policy to reﬂect industry initiatives, changes in the law or technology, or changes in our practices regarding information collection and use. You can determine when this Policy was last revised by referring to the 'Last Updated' legend at the top of this page. Any changes to this Policy will become eﬀective upon posting of the revised Policy on the Internet, accessible through the Site. By continuing to use the Site or other Service following such changes, you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes. If you do not agree with the terms of this Policy, as it may be amended from time to time, please do not continue using the Site or other Service. To the extent that an arbitrator or court of applicable jurisdiction determines that applying any changes to this Policy would render this an illusory or unenforceable contract, such changes shall be applicable on a prospective basis only, with respect to events or circumstances occurring after the date of such changes, to the extent necessary to avoid this Policy being deemed illusory or unenforceable. 11. TERMS OF USE Your access to and use of the Site or other Service is also subject to the Terms of Use. 12. CONTACT INFORMATION Plant Nite, LLC 230 Somerville Ave. Somerville, MA 02143GreenIQ Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy explains how GreenIQ collects and uses data. If not otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms have the meaning given to them in the GreenIQ Terms of Use, which is available at <http://greeniq.co/documentation.htm> (the "Terms"). GreenIQ respects your right to privacy. Your ability to make informed choices about the uses of your information is important to us. This Privacy Policy explains GreenIQ's policies regarding the collection, use, disclosure and protection of any information we receive. Information We Collect In order to use our Garden Computer and Services, you will be required to register and provide us with certain Personal Information such as your name and email address. We also collect your geo-location information at the time of registration for the purposes of providing you with location-based Services in connection with the Garden Computer. We also collect Personal Information when you make use of the Site and Services (such as in uploading photos of your property and garden), program or use the Garden Computer or when you subscribe to our newsletter or fill out an account management form. In order to enable payment for Services and/or the Garden Computer, we collect and store billing and credit card information. "Personal Information" means information that can be directly associated with a specific person or entity such as a name, address, telephone number, email address, credit card number and expiration date, or information about activities directly linked to a person, such as that person's location. It is your voluntary decision whether to provide us with any such Personal Information, but if you refuse to provide such information we may not be able to register you to use the Garden Computer and the Services. We also collect certain information that is not Personal Information, such your browsing history on the Site or when you use the Garden Computer and/or Service. In addition, when you use the Site, Garden Computer and/or the Services certain information may be automatically gathered about your device or computer, such as the version of your operating system or browser. Additionally, we collect information when you contact us. How we Protect Information We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. We will delete any information provided to us by a user upon the receipt of a written request by such user. We cannot restore information that we have deleted. How we Use Information Except as expressly set forth herein, we will not share your Personal Information with third parties without your explicit permission, except when required by law, regulation, subpoena or court order or in order to cooperate with an investigation by a law enforcement body. We may use Personal Information internally - for example, to help diagnose problems with our servers, to make our Site, Services and/or Garden Computer more useful, or to customize GreenIQ and personalize its content for you. We use the payment and credit card information that you provide in order to process your orders of our Garden Computer and/or Services. We use the information that you provide in order to subscribe to our newsletter in order to send you the newsletter. We use your geo-location information in order to provide you with location-based Services. We do not use your geo-location information in order to track your whereabouts. We allow you to upload property and garden photos in order to make it easier for you to distinguish between the irrigation zones on your property. We do not use these photos for other purposes or share or disclose these photos with any other party. We use the Data collected from the use of the Garden Computer and/or by means of the Service in order to provide you with irrigation and light control services. We may share your Personal Information with members of our corporate family, or third party vendors or service providers, such as email service providers sending emails on our behalf and/or such as credit card processing companies billing for goods. We may also authorize third party vendors or service providers to collect information on our behalf. We will require members of our corporate family and third party vendors to follow practices that protect your privacy rights on a level at least as restrictive as the practices described in this Privacy Policy.In addition, by analyzing all information we receive, including all information concerning users, including Data collected from the use of the Garden Computer by means of the Service we may compile statistical information across a variety of platforms and users ("Statistical Information"). Statistical Information helps understand trends and customer needs so that new products and services can be considered and so existing products and services can be tailored to customer desires. Statistical Information is anonymous and we will not link Statistical Information to any Personal Information. We may share such Statistical Information with our partners, without restriction, on commercial terms that we can determine in our sole discretion. We may provide non-Personal Information that we receive to Google Analytics in order to receive an analysis of the use of our Site and Services. User Content and Feedback When you upload User Content or give feedback of User Content through GreenIQ or through other social media platforms, please remember that any information disclosed in this venue may be automatically made public, and such information will not be considered Personal Information by GreenIQ. Other Users may contact you using the publicly available information from the social media platform. You should exercise caution when disclosing any information (including Personal Information) in such a venue, as you do not know who will access or use such information and for what purposes. Cookies A cookie is a small piece of text that is sent to a visitor's browser. The browser provides this piece of text to the device of the originating visitor when this visitor returns. GreenIQ uses cookies to help personalize your GreenIQ experience. A "persistent" cookie may be used to help save your settings and customizations across site visits. Also, if you log in to GreenIQ, such a cookie will be used to recognize you as a valid user so you will not need to log in each time you use GreenIQ. Most Web browsers are initially configured to accept cookies, but you can change this setting so your browser either refuses all cookies or informs you when a cookie is being sent. Also, you are free to delete any existing cookies at any time. Please note that some features of GreenIQ may not function properly when cookies are disabled or removed. Online Links to Other Sites GreenIQ uses third party payment providers to provide payment services on the Site. We are not affiliated with, and do not have any responsibility for the privacy practices of such third party payment services. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of such third party payment providers. GreenIQ users can link to other websites of third-parties that provide useful information/services. Any personal information you provide on the linked pages is provided directly to this third-party and is subject to that third-party's provider's privacy policy. Except as described above, GreenIQ is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of Web sites to which we link. Links from our site to third-parties or other sites are provided for your convenience. We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of each web site before providing them with personal information. We cannot be held responsible for any third-party Web sites and accessing their content will be subject to their own privacy policies, which again - we advise you to check. Use of GreenIQ by Children GreenIQ does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 14. In the event you become aware that an individual under the age of 14 has enrolled without parental permission, please advise us immediately. Correcting or Updating your Information. We allow you to view the information you provided during registration and to alter any data, inaccuracies or errors. To request such access, or correct, update, or amend your personal information please contact us at: http://greeniq-systems.com/about.html We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services and/or in connection with the Garden Computer. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, please contact us at the e-mail address listed above. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Communications We may send you email messages about us or our products and services. By accepting the Terms of Service for the Site, Services and/or Garden Computer (including the terms of this Privacy Policy which are incorporated therein) or using the Site, Services and/or Garden Computer, you affirmatively consent to receive such commercial messages.As a registered member, you can remove your personal information from our mailing list and stop receiving future communication from us by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each communication or by emailing us at info@greeniq.co. You will also be given the opportunity to unsubscribe from commercial messages in any such email we send. Please note that we reserve the right to send you service related communications, including service announcements and administrative messages, relating either to your account or to your transactions on this site, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them unless you cancel your account. Other Uses or Transfer of Your Information We will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity, behavior or digital content of any user suspected to have engaged in illegal or infringing behavior. We may use subcontractors that are located in countries other than your own, and send them information we receive. For example, we may send your information to any countries outside the United States or the European Economic Area. All our subcontractors will be subject to non-disclosure and non-use obligations. Nevertheless, some countries may have levels of protection of personal and other information which are not as high as in your country of residence or business. We may transfer our databases containing your Personal Information if we sell our business or part of it. Changes GreenIQ may update this Privacy Policy from time to time - we encourage you to review it periodically. Comments and Questions If you have any comments or questions about our privacy policy, please contact us at info@greeniq.co Last updated: January 2015