ZILLOW GROUP, INC. CODE OF CONDUCT (Effective as of March 15, 2023) Zillow Group, Inc. (the "Company") is committed to promoting high standards of honest and ethical business conduct and compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. As part of this commitment, the Company has adopted this Code of Conduct (the "Code"). This Code covers a wide range of business practices and procedures, and is intended to work in conjunction with other, more specific policies and procedures. It does not cover every legal and ethical issue that may arise, but it does set out basic principles to guide all Company officers, board members and employees (each, a "Company Person"), as well as representatives, consultants, contractors, vendors, suppliers, and agents (and their respective employees) in their dealings with or on behalf of the Company. Every person and entity subject to this Code is responsible for understanding and complying with the Code and the Company's other policies and procedures, as applicable. We may modify or update these policies and procedures from time to time and may adopt new Company policies and procedures in the future. In the event of any conflicts between this Code and any applicable supplier code of conduct or specific contract terms, the provisions of this Code shall apply. Any Company Person who violates the standards in this Code may be subject to disciplinary action which, in appropriate circumstances, may include, without limitation, termination of employment, legal or regulatory action, or referral to third-parties for criminal prosecution or other relevant action. As used in this Code, the term "Company" includes Zillow Group, Inc. and all companies of which Zillow Group, Inc. owns and has the right to vote shares or other interests representing more than 50% of the voting power of such companies, whether directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries. Questions regarding this Code or its application in any situation should be directed to a Company Persons' manager or the Zillow Group, Inc. General Counsel (the "General Counsel") or their delegate within the Legal and Compliance Department. Honest and Ethical Conduct and Fair Dealing Every person and entity subject to this Code should endeavor to deal honestly, ethically and fairly with other individuals and entities in the course of their role with the Company. Statements made by persons and entities subject to this Code regarding the Company's products and services must not be false, misleading, unfair, deceptive, abusive, manipulative or fraudulent. Compliance with Laws, Rules and Regulations The Company requires that all persons and entities subject to this Code comply with laws, rules, and regulations applicable to the Company wherever it does business. Every Company Person subject to this Code is expected to use good judgment and common sense in seeking to comply with applicable laws, rules, and regulations and to ask for advice from the General Counsel, or their delegate, when uncertainties arise. If any person subject to this Code becomes aware of the violation of any law, rule, or regulation by the Company, whether by its officers, employees, board members, or any third party doing business on behalf of the Company, it is such person's responsibility to follow the guidelines described in the Reporting and Compliance Procedures section below to promptly report the matter to an appropriate party, including such person's supervisor or the General Counsel or, if a board member, to the Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board of Directors of Zillow Group, Inc. (the "Board"). The General Counsel may delegate any investigation or handling of reports to any other Company Person as they deem necessary or appropriate. Conflicts of Interest Conflicts of interest can arise when personal relationships and/or financial or other interests overlap with the responsibilities of one's role with the Company. Because of the potential harm that conflicts of interest can cause, it is critical that every Company Person subject to this Code be mindful of and carefully navigate potential conflicts of interest. To avoid conflicts of interest, each Company Person subject to the Code should: ● Act in the best interests of the Company. ● Avoid or recuse oneself from situations where a personal relationship and/or financial or other interest may influence decision-making. ● Understand that a conflict of interest can exist even when one does not think they will be affected by the outside relationship, financial interest, or other interest. ● When a conflict of interest arises, disclose the conflict and seek guidance or approval from the General Counsel or their delegate.Examples of conflicts involving Company Persons could include: Company Persons' employment by a material customer, supplier or competitor; placement of business where an employee or their family member has a financial stake; or acting independently as a consultant to a customer of the Company. It is one's responsibility to disclose any transaction or personal or professional relationship that reasonably could be expected to give rise to a conflict of interest to the General Counsel or their delegate, who shall be responsible for determining whether such transaction or relationship constitutes an improper conflict of interest and/or requires the review of the Audit Committee of the Board in accordance with the Company's Related Person Transaction Policy. Corporate Opportunities Each Company Person subject to this Code owes a duty to the Company to advance the Company's legitimate interests when the opportunity to do so arises. If a Company Person discovers or is presented with a business opportunity through the use of corporate property or information or because of their role with the Company, that person should first disclose the terms and conditions of each business opportunity covered by this Code that they wish to pursue to their manager, or in the case of a board member, to the Chair of the Audit Committee. Such Company Person's manager will contact the General Counsel or their designee and the appropriate management personnel to determine whether the Company wishes to pursue the business opportunity. If the Company waives its right to pursue the business opportunity in writing, the Company Person may pursue the business opportunity on the same terms and conditions as originally proposed and consistent with the other ethical guidelines set forth in this Code. Absent review and approval by the Company as described above, no Company Person may take for themself personal opportunities that are discovered through the use of Company property, information, or position. No Company Person may use Company property, information, or position for improper personal gain, nor may such Company Person use such property, information, or position to compete with the Company directly or indirectly, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. Insider Trading Company Persons, as well as the Company's representatives, consultants, contractors, vendors, suppliers, and agents who, as a result of their relationship with the Company, are in possession of material non-public information about the Company or other companies, including the Company's suppliers and customers, are prohibited by law and Company policy from trading in securities of the Company or such other companies, as well as from communicating such information to others who might trade on the basis of that information. To assist with compliance with laws against insider trading, the Company has adopted a detailed Insider Trading Policy. Gifts and Entertainment Each Company Person subject to this Code must comply with all applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations relating to gifts and entertainment. In addition, no person subject to this Code may give or accept gifts or entertainment if the value of the gift or entertainment may be construed to indicate an intent to improperly influence the business relationships between the Company and its customers, competitors, or any outside party. Insignificant gifts or the exchange of normal social amenities are generally permitted except to the extent specifically prohibited by applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations. To the extent that any Company Person subject to this Code is entertaining or being entertained by a business associate in relation to their role with the Company, there must be a clear business purpose and no intention or appearance of improper influence. All such gifts and entertainment expenses given by a Company Person should be properly accounted for on expense reports. Common sense and moderation should prevail in business entertainment engaged in on behalf of the Company. Each Company Person should make every effort to refuse or return a gift that is beyond these permissible guidelines. If it would be inappropriate to refuse a gift or such person is unable to return a gift, they should promptly report the gift to their manager, or in the case of a board member to the Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee. If questions arise about whether it is permissible to accept a gift or something else of value, a Company Person should contact their supervisor or the General Counsel for additional guidance. Under some statutes, giving anything of value to a government official of any country to obtain or retain business or favorable treatment is a criminal act subject to prosecution and conviction. Specific reporting requirements may also apply under the Company's other policies including, but not limited to, the Company's policy regarding the U.S.Foreign Corrupt Practices Act as discussed below. Accuracy of Books and Records All Company books, records and accounts shall be maintained in accordance with all applicable regulations and standards and accurately reflect the true nature of the transactions they record. Each person subject to this Code must follow any formal document retention policy of the Company with respect to Company records within such person's control. The consolidated financial statements of Zillow Group, Inc. shall conform to generally accepted accounting principles and the Company's accounting policies. All cash, bank accounts, investments and other assets always must be recorded in the official books of the Company. No undisclosed or unrecorded account or fund shall be established for any purpose. No false or misleading entries shall be made in the Company's books or records for any reason, and no disbursement of corporate funds or other corporate property shall be made without adequate supporting documentation. Financial Reporting Overview Zillow Group, Inc. is required to follow strict accounting principles and standards, to report financial information accurately and completely in accordance with these principles and standards, and to have appropriate internal controls and procedures to ensure that its accounting and financial reporting complies with applicable laws. The integrity of the Company's financial transactions and records is critical to the operation of the Company's business and is a key factor in maintaining the confidence and trust of Company Persons, security holders and other stakeholders. Compliance with rules, controls and procedures The Company requires that all transactions be properly recorded, classified and summarized in our financial statements, books and records in accordance with our policies, controls and procedures, as well as all generally accepted accounting principles, standards, laws, rules and regulations for accounting and financial reporting. If a person subject to this Code has responsibility for or any involvement in financial reporting or accounting, they should have an appropriate understanding of, and they should seek in good faith to adhere to, relevant accounting and financial reporting principles, standards, laws, rules and regulations and the Company's financial and accounting policies, controls and procedures. If such person subject to this Code is a senior leader, they should seek to ensure that the internal controls and procedures in their business area are in place, understood and followed. Even if a person subject to this Code is not directly involved in financial reporting or accounting, every Company Person is likely involved with financial records or reports of some kind (such as time sheets, invoices, or expense reports). In addition, most employees have involvement with product, marketing, or administrative activities, which can affect the Company's reported financial condition or results. Therefore, the Company expects every Company Person, regardless of whether they are otherwise required to be familiar with finance or accounting matters, to use all reasonable efforts to ensure that every business record or report with which they deal is accurate, complete and reliable. Confidentiality and Privacy Protection of the Company's business information is essential to its well-being. "Business Information" includes business, marketing, product and service plans, business and pricing strategies, financial information, forecasts, product architecture, source code, engineering ideas, designs, systems, practices, research, development, databases, personnel information, customer and supplier lists, any information concerning a customer, supplier, service provider or business partner, and information covered by an applicable confidentiality agreement, as well as other information created or collected by the Company in the course of its operations. Business Information does not include any of the foregoing items that have become publicly known and made generally available, unless such disclosure resulted from a breach of confidentiality obligations. All persons subject to the Code are expected to comply with all existing Company policies and standards regarding the handling of Business Information. A Company Person who has access to Business Information must handle it as prescribed by applicable Company policies and standards, both during and after employment with the Company. No Company Person may disclose, externally or within the Company, and must take precautions to prevent unauthorized disclosure of, Business Information, except to other Company Persons who have a need to know such information to perform their responsibilities for the Company, or as needed in the course of their employment duties, or when disclosure is authorized or required by law or contract, or with the written approval of the General Counsel. Unauthorized disclosure of Business Information is prohibited.Protection and Proper Use of Company Assets and Resources Every person subject to this Code is expected to protect the Company's assets, which include physical assets as well as intellectual property and proprietary and Confidential Information. Theft, carelessness, and waste have a direct impact on the Company's financial performance. Company property should be used only for legitimate business purposes of the Company and not for any personal benefit or the personal benefit of anyone else, provided that, as a limited exception, computer and communications systems may be used for reasonable personal use. Any misuse or suspected misuse of Company assets must be immediately reported to a manager. Company property includes workstations, desks, file drawers, cabinets, telephone equipment, and other Company equipment and facilities (regardless of whether they are locked) in or on Company premises. Company property also includes computers and electronic storage devices issued by the Company to or used by Company Persons, vendors, contractors or agents regardless of location. While the Company endeavors to respect individual privacy, no Company Person should have any expectation of privacy or confidentiality with respect to items on Company property, use of Company equipment, or any communications made over Company networks or using Company devices. To the extent permitted by law, the Company may monitor, search, and review both incoming and outgoing communications and computer usage. Public Disclosures The Company files reports and other documents with regulatory authorities, which may include the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and Nasdaq. The Company may make other public communications, such as issuing press releases. All information provided in the Company's public reports and communications must be complete, fair, accurate, timely and understandable, and must also comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations. Any person subject to this Code who is asked to provide information for the Company's public disclosures must use all reasonable efforts to provide complete, fair, accurate, timely and understandable information. If any person subject to this Code becomes aware of any information concerning: (a) material defects in the disclosures made by the Company in its public filings; (b) significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls; (c) any violation of this Code that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company's financial reporting, disclosures or internal controls; or (d) any material violation of the law or this Code, such person should follow the guidelines described in the Reporting and Compliance Procedures section. In connection with its public communications, the Company is required to comply with Regulation FD (Fair Disclosure) under the federal securities laws. Regulation FD provides that when the Company discloses material, non-public information about it to securities market professionals or shareholders (where it is reasonably foreseeable that the shareholders will trade on the information), the Company must also disclose the information to the public. All Company Persons are required to read carefully and comply with the Company's Media and External Communications Policy. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) The FCPA seeks to prevent bribery of foreign, non-United States officials for the purpose of securing an improper business advantage. It prohibits the payment, provision, or offering of anything of value directly or indirectly to any official, officer, director, or employee of a foreign government, state-owned or controlled entity, or political party, or public international organization, or any foreign party official or candidate for public office for the purpose of influencing an official act of the person or the government in order to obtain an improper advantage. It is the responsibility of each person subject to this Code involved in international operations to become familiar with the requirements of the FCPA and the Company's FCPA Anti-Corruption Policy and to seek guidance prior to engaging the services of any consultant or representative in connection with international operations or making any offer or payments that might be in violation of the FCPA. There may also be laws in foreign jurisdictions prohibiting bribery and corruption that are different than and/or more restrictive than the FCPA. To ensure that persons subject to this Code are thoroughly familiar with the provisions of the Company's FCPA Anti-Corruption Policy, the Company will provide anti-corruption training and resources to such persons, as appropriate. Compliance with Antitrust Laws Antitrust laws of the United States and other countries are designed to protect consumers and competitors against unfair business practices and to promote and preserve competition.Examples of antitrust violations include coordinating prices with a competitor (known as price fixing) or agreeing with a competitor to restrict the supply or type of products made available to customers. Violations of antitrust laws may result in severe penalties against the Company, its agents and Company Persons, including substantial fines and criminal penalties. Company Persons subject to this Code are expected to maintain basic familiarity with the antitrust principles applicable to their role with the Company and should consult the General Counsel with any questions concerning compliance with these laws. Employment Practices Equal Opportunity The Company pursues fair employment practices in every aspect of its business. The Company prohibits unlawful harassment and discrimination of Company Persons, agents, clients, customers, and vendors on the basis of any legally protected classification including, but not limited to, race, national origin, religious creed, color, age, disability, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, genetic information and gender, as fully set forth in the Company's Policy Against Harassment, Discrimination, and Retaliation. The Company is an equal opportunity employer committed to providing equal employment opportunities in all employment practices including but not limited to, recruiting, hiring, discipline, termination, promotions, transfers, compensation, benefits, training, leaves of absence, and other terms and conditions of employment. Anti-Discrimination and Freedom of Association All persons and entities subject to this Code must comply with all applicable labor and employment laws, including anti-discrimination laws and laws related to freedom of association and privacy. It is each person's responsibility to understand and comply with the laws, regulations and policies that are relevant to their role with the Company. Failure to comply with labor and employment laws can result in civil and criminal liability against individuals, entities, and the Company, and in the case of Company Persons, disciplinary action by the Company, up to and including termination of employment. Questions about the applicability of laws, regulations and policies should be directed to the Company's Human Resources Department or the General Counsel. As fully set forth in the "Reporting Employee Concerns" section of the Company's employee handbook, concerns may be reported directly to the Company's leadership or via the Company's anonymous reporting platform. All people managers are required to direct all reports or observations of misconduct to their superiors, the Company's Human Resources Department, the Company's Chief People Officer, the General Counsel or the Company's head of Internal Audit. Confidentiality will be maintained to the extent reasonably possible and to the extent permitted under applicable law, and all good faith concerns will be promptly, fairly, impartially, and thoroughly investigated. Health and Safety The Company is committed to the health and safety of its employees. Each Company Person is responsible for maintaining a safe and healthy workplace by complying with all applicable environmental, health and safety laws, regulations and Company guidelines, including the Company's Health and Safety Policy, and by reporting unsafe conditions, incidents, injuries, and illnesses. Reporting and Compliance Procedures Every person subject to this Code has the responsibility to ask questions, seek guidance, report suspected violations, and express concerns regarding compliance with this Code. If any person subject to this Code experiences or observes conduct that they believe is a violation of Company policy or applicable law, the person should immediately report it so appropriate members of the Company's leadership team can, if appropriate, investigate and take remedial action. A Company Person may report concerns orally or in writing by any reasonable method to any of the below resources, in addition to any contacts mandated by law or other Company policy: ● Human Resources ● General Counsel ● Chief People Officer ● Chief Executive Officer ● Chief Financial Officer ● Nominating and Governance Committee Chairman ● Audit Committee Chairman Any person subject to this Code may also report concerns anonymously, either to one of the contacts listed above, or through the anonymous reporting platform provided in the Company's Whistleblower Policy: Procedures for Complaints Regarding Accounting, Internal Accounting Controls or Auditing Matters. All good faith concerns reported to one of the Company resources identified above will be promptly and thoroughly investigated in a discreet, timely, and professional manner. Confidentiality will be maintained to the extent reasonably possible and to the extent permitted under applicable law so that the Company can honor its commitment to properly investigating the concern.While it is the Company's desire to address matters internally, nothing in this Code should discourage anyone from reporting any illegal activity, including any violation of the securities laws, antitrust laws or any other federal, state or foreign law, rule or regulation, to the appropriate regulatory authority. Company Persons shall not discharge, demote, suspend, threaten, harass or in any other manner discriminate or retaliate against an employee who reports what he or she believes in good faith to be a violation of this Code or any law, rule or regulation applicable to the Company. This Code should not be construed to prohibit or discourage anyone from testifying, participating or otherwise assisting in any state or federal administrative, judicial or legislative proceeding or investigation. Every person subject to this Code who testifies, participates or otherwise assists in any such proceeding or investigation should act in good faith, responsibly, with due care, competence and diligence, without misrepresenting material facts. Investigation of Misconduct The Company reserves the right to use any lawful method of investigation that it deems necessary to determine whether any person has engaged in conduct that in its view interferes with or adversely affects its business. Every person subject to this Code is expected to cooperate fully with any investigation of any violation of law, Company policies and procedures or this Code. Interpretations; Waivers of the Code The Nominating and Governance Committee, in consultation with the Audit Committee, is responsible for the interpretation and application of this Code. From time to time, the Company may waive certain provisions of this Code. If any Company Person believes that a waiver of this Code is necessary or appropriate, including, but not limited to any potential or actual conflict of interest, a request for a waiver and the reasons for the request must be submitted to the General Counsel. An officer or board member must submit the request for a waiver to the Chair of the Nominating and Governance Committee of the Board. Any waiver of this Code for executive officers and board members may be made only by the Board, in its sole discretion, and will be disclosed as required by applicable SEC and Nasdaq rules. CANADIAN ADDENDUM TO ZILLOW GROUP, INC. CODE OF CONDUCT General This Canadian Addendum to the Zillow Group, Inc. Code of Conduct applies (in addition to such Code) to Company Persons, as well as representatives, consultants, contractors, vendors, suppliers, and agents in their dealings with or on behalf of the Company or its subsidiaries, in each case to the extent such individuals or entities are subject to Canadian law. All references to applicable laws, rules or regulations in the Code shall be deemed to include reference to provincial laws, rules or regulations as appropriate. Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act The Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (CFPOA) is a Canadian law that prohibits directly or indirectly giving, offering or agreeing to give or offer a loan, reward, advantage, or benefit of any kind to a foreign public official or to any person for the benefit of a foreign public official in order to obtain or retain an advantage in the course of business. It is the responsibility of each person subject to the Code involved in international marketing or sales to become familiar with the requirements of applicable international business laws and to seek guidance prior to engaging the services of any foreign consultant or marketing representative or making any offer or payments that might be in violation of the applicable international business laws. To ensure that persons subject to this Code are thoroughly familiar with the provisions of the Company's FCPA Anti-Corruption Policy, which applies to those persons subject to the CFPOA, the Company will provide anti-corruption training and resources to such persons, as appropriate. Compliance with Competition Laws Competition laws of Canada and other countries are designed to protect consumers and competitors against unfair business practices and to promote and preserve competition. Examples of violations include coordinating price fixing with a competitor or agreeing to restrict the supply or type of products made available to customers with a competitor. Violations of applicable competition laws may result in severe penalties against the Company and Company Persons, including substantial fines and criminal sanctions. Each person subject to the Code is expected to maintain basic familiarity with the competition principles applicable to their role with the Company and should consult the Company's General Counsel with any questions concerning compliance with these laws. MEXICAN ADDENDUM TO ZILLOW GROUP, INC. CODE OF CONDUCT General This Mexican Addendum to the Zillow Group, Inc.Code of Conduct applies (in addition to such Code) to Company Persons, as well as representatives, consultants, contractors, vendors, suppliers, and agents in their dealings with or on behalf of the Company or its subsidiaries, in each case to the extent such individuals or entities are subject to Mexican law. All references to applicable laws, rules or regulations in the Code shall be deemed to include reference to federal and local laws, rules or regulations as appropriate. Corruption of Domestic and Foreign Public Officials under the Federal Criminal Code The Federal Criminal Code ("Código Penal Federal") ("FCC") is a Mexican code that prohibits domestic and foreign bribery. Domestic bribery is committed by: (a) public servants who directly or indirectly solicits or receives money or any other benefit in order to do or refrain from doing any of such public servant's duties, (b) any person who promises or delivers any benefit to a public servant in order for such public servant to do or refrain from performing such public servant's duties; and (c) legislators who cause or request the allocation of public resources to a specific public entity in order to obtain an undue benefit or that cause the awarding of public works and services agreements to particular persons. Likewise, foreign bribery is committed when any person with the aim of obtaining or retaining, directly or indirectly, unduly advantages in the development or conduct of international commercial transactions, offers, promises or delivers, directly or indirectly, money or any gift, either in goods or services to foreign public servants. To ensure that persons subject to this Code are thoroughly familiar with the provisions of the Company's FCPA Anti-Corruption Policy, which applies to those persons subject to the FCC, the Company will provide anti-corruption training and resources to such persons, as appropriate. Gifts, Meals and Entertainment; Facilitation Payments; Sponsored Travel and Hosting In Mexico, gifts and any kind of payment to public officials are prohibited, and there is no de minimis threshold. Compliance with Antitrust Laws Antitrust laws of Mexico and other countries are designed to protect consumers and competitors against unfair business practices and to promote and preserve competition. Examples of violations include (a) coordinating price fixing/manipulation of prices with a competitor, (b) agreeing to restrict the supply or type of products made available to customers with a competitor, (c) agreeing to segment the market by share, geography or type of products made available to customers with a competitor, or (d) coordinating or colluding with a competitor in public biddings, among others. Violations of applicable antitrust laws may result in severe penalties against the Company and Company Persons, including substantial fines and criminal sanctions. Each person subject to the Code is expected to maintain basic familiarity with the competition principles applicable to their role with the Company and should consult the Company's General Counsel with any questions concerning compliance with these laws.Sustainability Report 2021 About Zillow Contents About Zillow 05 CEO Letter Evolving Our ESG Oversight The Future of Real Estate Is Inclusive Zillow as a Flexible Workforce: The Future of Work Environmental Sustainability Appendix About Zillow Zillow Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: Z and ZG) is reimagining real estate to make it easier to unlock life's next chapter. As the most visited real estate website in the United States, Zillow® and its affiliates offer customers an on-demand experience for selling, buying, renting or financing with transparency and ease. Zillow Group's brands, affiliates and subsidiaries include Zillow®, Zillow Offers®, Zillow Premier Agent®, Zillow Home Loans™, Zillow Closing Services™, Zillow Homes, Inc., Trulia®, Out East®, ShowingTime®, Bridge Interactive®, dotloop®, StreetEasy® and HotPads®. Zillow Home Loans, LLC is an Equal Housing Lender, NMLS #10287 (www.nmlsconsumeraccess.org). For the purposes of this report, the name "Zillow" will represent the company as a whole. Core Values CUSTOMERS ARE OUR NORTH STAR TURN ON THE LIGHTS DO THE RIGHT THING OWN IT BETTER TOGETHER INCLUDE AND EMPOWER THINK BIG, MOVE FAST DELIVER QUALITY ON TIME, EVERY TIME Sustainability Report 2021 About Zillow Zillow in 2021 Awards & Recognitions 8,005 employees $8.1 billion 2021 GAAP revenue $0.99 gender pay equity $2.94 million corporate giving 78% LEED-certified office space Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index Great Place to Work's Best Workplaces for Parents™ Human Rights Campaign "Best Place to Work for LGBTQ Equality" Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index, - 100% perfect score Fortune 100 Best Workplaces for Millennials™ (Large Company) Fortune Best Workplaces for Women™ (Large Company) Fortune Best Workplaces in the Bay Area™(Large Company) Fortune Best Workplaces in New York™ (Large Company) PEOPLE Companies That Care® TIME 100 Most Influential Companies About ZillowSustainability Report 2021 CEO Letter As the global pandemic entered its second year, the country - and the world - found new ways to adapt, changing the way we work and live and even think about the very concept of "home." At Zillow, we are fortunate to stand on a powerful foundation that allows us to stretch and flex with the needs of our employees, customers and partners. That was our focus in 2021. We recognize that our responsibility to society at large has never been greater, so we established a new Corporate Social Responsibility function, including an executive-level environmental, social and governance (ESG) committee, to ensure greater focus and clarity around our ESG strategies, risks and opportunities. In 2021, to demonstrate our commitment to ESG progress, we conducted our first greenhouse gas emissions study. Today, we are making a pledge to achieve net-zero operational greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. In the pages that follow, you can read more about our interim and long-term targets, as well as the accountability and transparency we built into the process. At Zillow, we are committed to using the power of our brand to effect change in fair housing, racial justice, and equity and belonging. As the persistent inequities of the housing market unfortunately continue, we prioritized economic research that informs public policy and industry practices regarding homelessness, housing affordability and fair housing. We created a focused three-year plan to ensure the impact of our advocacy and action. Through our new Supplier Diversity program, we identified enterprises owned by BIPOC people, women, veterans, members of the LGBTQ+ community, people with disabilities and other historically disadvantaged groups to compete for business when possible. When the federal eviction moratorium ended last August - putting millions of renters at risk of homelessness - we embarked on an aggressive campaign to inform millions of landlords and renters about the availability of rent-relief programs. To help make homeownership more attainable, especially for underrepresented communities, we partnered with Down Payment Resource to include information about down payment assistance programs in for-sale listings on the Zillow platform. In 2021, our partnership with the nonprofit Housing Connector assisted in lifting more than 1,000 people out of homelessness in the greater Seattle area. Our collaboration with the United Negro College Fund (UNCF) produced our first HBCU Hackathon, which challenged students from historically Black colleges and universities to dream up technologies that support Zillow's mission to give people the power to unlock life's next chapter. Zillow was among the first companies in the country to commit publicly and permanently to a flexible work option, and we have never stopped improving our policies and practices, leading with the heart and listening to employees as we reimagine work. The majority of Zillow employees now work from where they are happiest and most productive, whether that's at home or in one of our offices.Following Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) guidelines, we safely reopened our offices across the country, including in Seattle and New York City, to debut a completely reinvented office, with work spaces primed for collaboration, designed for gatherings that are less frequent but more impactful. programs for support and connection. This includes our caregiver leave program, which now provides protected paid leave and the option for a temporarily reduced schedule to offer relief and flexibility to caregivers. The pandemic has forever changed the way people dream of, shop for and move to new homes, and in 2021, we accelerated the innovation of our technologies to meet the demand for a digital-first home-shopping experience. We launched numerous new virtual technologies, including interactive floor plans, which provide buyers with an immersive and authentic sense of home. We began to wind down our ibuying business and intensified our focus on removing friction from the home-shopping journey. Our acquisition of ShowingTime represents the next step forward in solving a major sore point for home shoppers and agents: scheduling showings. Our combined technologies will streamline communication between home shoppers and agents, creating a far better and more integrated home-shopping experience. As the world continues its inevitable evolution, Zillow continues to lead the reinvention of real estate with equal focus on our customers, our employees, our partners and our communities. Home plays a foundational role in each of our lives, and we work hard to use our influence for good - through technology and products that help more people move; fair housing research and advocacy work that illuminates and reduces inequalities; and social impact initiatives and community partnerships that drive positive change. We are also keenly aware that the sea change brought about by the pandemic had a momentous impact on the personal lives of our employees, so we expanded our Sincerely, At Zillow, we are committed to using the power of our brand to effect change in fair housing, racial justice, and equity and belonging. Rich Barton Co-founder and CEO, Zillow Group Sustainability Report 2021 CEO Letter Evolving Our ESG Oversight Environmental, social and governance (ESG) performance is important to Zillow's stakeholders and contributes to the long-term sustainable growth of our business. Over the past year, we took several steps in advancing how we align and govern our ESG initiatives. We established a Corporate Social Responsibility function, led by our vice president of Corporate Social Responsibility. In the past, several teams have been responsible for the work related to ESG initiatives. Moving forward, this new function will enable us to ensure we have greater focus and clarity regarding ESG strategies, risks and opportunities. In addition, we formed an executive-level ESG committee to provide increased oversight of company-wide initiatives. The committee is responsible for setting and reviewing priorities and progress of the company's ESG initiatives as well as ensuring implementation, coordination and alignment throughout the company. The committee meets at least once per quarter and will report regularly to the Zillow board of directors' Nominating and Governance Committee, which oversees ESG strategy, risks and activities. In 2021, Zillow also established an Enterprise Risk Management function, led by our vice president of Risk Management. To ensure alignment on risk management priorities and resources, we established the Executive Risk Forum, which serves as a steering committee to proactively identify, prioritize and assess the key risks associated with our mission and objectives; monitor exposure to ensure that we are operating within defined and agreed-upon tolerance levels for our key risks; and make certain that risk management strategies are in place to respond to our key risks efficiently and effectively. The forum meets quarterly, and its activities are overseen by the board of directors' Audit Committee. In 2022, the groups in charge of enterprise risk management and corporate social responsibility will be working collaboratively to assess and manage ESG risks, including climate-related risks. Board of Directors Nominating and Governance Committee Oversight Board is informed regularly about ESG strategy and activities through quarterly briefings. Senior Leadership Team Management Senior leadership across Zillow is engaged regularly with ESG strategy and activities. ESG Committee ESG Working Groups Program Implementation Quarterly meetings are held with cross-functional experts from various functions and key lines of business, including Investor Relations, Financial Reporting, Legal, Communications, Government Relations, Risk Management, People, Legal, Marketing, Facilities/IT, Homes, Zillow Home Loans and Premier Agent.Sustainability Report 2021 Evolving Our ESG Oversight The Future of Real Estate Is Inclusive There is a long history of systemic racism in real estate in the United States. For many Americans, housing discrimination is a fact of life. Housing segregation by race and national origin, driven by systemic barriers such as redlining, has put countless individuals and groups in our society at a disadvantage for finding the safety and stability of home. That segregation continues today. At Zillow, our mission is to give people the power to unlock life's next chapter. We believe that we have an opportunity to utilize our platform and resources to enable fair and equitable housing access to all individuals. Historically, our company has supported efforts to combat homelessness and housing insecurity, leveraging our platform to help disadvantaged customers secure housing, and using our economic research to support education and advocacy efforts. To ensure we are able to have greater impact in the future, in 2021, we conducted a three-year planning exercise to help us define areas of impact where we believe we can make a material difference. Several cross-functional employees contributed to this exercise, which was overseen by a steering committee of 18 leaders representing our major business lines and functions. As a result of this work, we identified three areas of focus to guide our efforts in future years to make real estate more inclusive: • Housing security: Expanding access to fair, equitable and affordable rental housing • Economic opportunity: Creating more equitable pathways to generational wealth through homeownership • Equitable industry: Building a more diverse and equitable industry that works for all through people and technology Many of our existing initiatives in research, advocacy, product solutions, employee engagement, partnerships and charitable giving were already aligned with these focus areas. In 2022, we will make certain any new efforts also align to make real estate more inclusive for current and future generations. The Future of Real Estate Is Inclusive Sustainability Report 2021 Research, Education & Advocacy We strive to use our data and research to empower customers, industry professionals, policymakers, government agencies and academics to better understand the housing market. Comprising more than 40 members, our Economic Research team leverages our unparalleled property data on more than 135 million U.S. homes in our living database to add value and context to public data and inform policy conversations about housing in the U.S. Our Economic Research team maintains partnerships with public and private housing organizations and real estate data providers, and publishes more than 200 reports annually to provide transparency and visibility to the housing market and to support informed policy on housing. In addition to providing weekly market reports, in 2021, the team delivered more than 70 presentations on topics such as the COVID-19 impact on housing and the economy, housing affordability, housing policy and fair housing to audiences as diverse as the Council of Economic Advisers, the National Fair Housing Alliance, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Business Economics. Beyond our direct partnerships and primary research, our housing data is open-source to enable nonprofit organizations across the U.S. to use it in support of pursuing grants and developing programming to better support vulnerable populations in their communities. Zillow's Government Relations team actively advocates for policies that advance housing equality, partnering with local and national fair housing organizations to further these objectives. For example, in 2021, Zillow supported legislation to require additional fair housing training for real estate licensees in Washington state and California, and legislation to strengthen enforcement of fair housing laws in New York state. Learn more from Zillow's economic research • What modern-day housing discrimination looks like • Where the rent burden is most unequal across racial communities • Where you live matters: Access to key amenities is worse in communities of color National Fair Housing Alliance Partnership Zillow partners with the National Fair Housing Alliance (NFHA) in support of our shared objectives to raise awareness of fair housing rights, eliminate housing discrimination and close the racial wealth gap through expanded homeownership opportunities. In 2021, we continued our partnership in support of NFHA's Keys Unlock Dreams initiative, which is designed to provide customers with the resources and expert information they need to make homeownership a reality.During this three-year partnership, Zillow is providing research and financial support to promote solutions that remove structural barriers that perpetuate racial inequality; expand affordable and fair housing options; prevent an unbalanced recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic; empower customers and stakeholders with critical information and resources; and help close the racial wealth and homeownership gaps. To work toward achieving these goals, we partnered with NFHA to survey 10,000 adults in 20 major metro areas on topics ranging from the socioeconomic impact of the coronavirus pandemic as it relates to housing to overall knowledge about home buying. We then discussed the findings with NFHA's CEO, Lisa Rice. We also examined gaps in access to key neighborhood amenities in communities of color. Enabling Fair Housing Through Data Zillow's Economic Research team regularly works with and supplies data to a number of federal agencies - including the Federal Reserve, the Council of Economic Advisers, and the Department of Housing and Urban Development - to help facilitate better decisions and understanding of complicated issues in housing, such as homelessness and race. This work is supported by Zillow's Zestimates and the Zillow Home Value Index (ZHVI), which are regularly calculated to estimate the value of more than 135 million homes in the U.S. based on public data, user-generated data and real estate data from direct feeds or multiple listing services. Trends in the rental market are also well-represented in Zillow's data through published Rent Zestimates on millions of homes and through the Zillow Observed Rent Index (ZORI), which tracks changes in asking rent prices over time, nationally and in hundreds of large markets. The ZHVI-by-race metric is also used to better understand the relationship between race and home values, and to highlight areas of inequality. The Future of Real Estate Is Inclusive Sustainability Report 2021 Public Policy, Zillow PAC & Political Engagement We recognize that highlighting challenges within the real estate industry isn't enough to be a leader in transforming the real estate system into one that works better for everyone. If we want to have a lasting impact on how real estate evolves to better serve customers, we must work with local, state and federal policymakers and be a voice for our vision of the housing market that we know is possible. Zillow's policy and political engagement focus on five guiding principles: fair and equitable housing and lending opportunity for all; innovation for a seamless digital transaction; transparency and the open flow of data; tax policies that are fair, transparent, simple and neutral; and diversity and inclusion in real estate. We prioritize engagement that serves to educate the public and improve and enforce fair housing laws - including awareness and education on source-of-income laws that protect renters with housing choice vouchers - and advocate for legislation that supports affordable housing initiatives. Zillow's Government Relations team leads engagement in these priorities. The Zillow Group Political Action Committee (ZG PAC) supports candidates who share our vision of the future of real estate. The ZG PAC is administered by Zillow's PAC director with oversight by the ZG PAC Steering Committee, a committee of employees representing Zillow's business lines and shared services. The committee meets quarterly to oversee administration of the PAC, employee engagement activities, budget and broader PAC fundraising efforts. The ZG PAC makes contributions and reports its activities under state and federal election laws. Zillow public policy document • ZG PAC 2021 Annual Report We prioritize engagement that serves to educate the public and improve and enforce fair housing laws. The Future of Real Estate Is Inclusive Sustainability Report 2021 Channeling Innovation At Zillow, we encourage all of our employees, regardless of role, to partner with each other and dedicate time to develop products, services and practices that can make a social impact. In 2021, we continued to drive social impact product innovations in support of our company's mission to unlock life's next chapter for all, leveraging our Social Impact Product team as well as other product and engineering teams across the company. The Social Impact Product team works both independently and collaboratively with teams across the company to build solutions that help improve access to housing for all and mitigate existing inequalities in the housing market. Hack Weeks & HBCU Hackathon Zillow's biannual Hack Week continues to offer a vital opportunity for teams to create products, features and tools that deliver positive outcomes to underrepresented groups and ensure that we are driving equity with our products and platform. Examples of features that originated as Hack Week projects include research and information on local legal protections and down payment assistance.In 2021, we were excited to expand our innovation philosophy and, in collaboration with the United Negro College Fund, Black Tech Ventures and Amplify 4 Good, hosted our first HBCU Housing Hackathon. As part of this week-long event, students from historically Black colleges and universities (HBCUs) were challenged to conceptualize tech ideas that could support Zillow's mission to help customers overcome obstacles on their journey to find a home. Students gained valuable real-world experience and career development through workshops, hands-on enrichment, mentorship and teamwork. The top three teams received cash prizes totaling $38,000, with an additional donation of $25,000 to the winning team's university, Morehouse College. Learn more from Zillow's economic research • Pandemic impacts felt more strongly by lower-income, renter and households of color • Why housing choice voucher availability & value don't match demand or market growth • Expanding access to credit could shrink the homeownership race gap • Homelessness rises faster where rent exceeds a third of income 2021 Social Impact Product Solution Highlights Housing Connector for affordable housing We collaborate with Housing Connector, a Seattle-based nonprofit that works to lower barriers faced by people experiencing housing insecurity or homelessness. In exchange for Housing Connector's financial and tenant support, property owners and landlords adjust or waive criteria (credit, rental history, etc.) for potential renters, opening up units that were previously out of reach. In 2021, we expanded our platform capabilities to help make the Housing Connector team more efficient. For example, we enabled renters involved with Housing Connector to proactively browse listings and share them with their case manager, expediting the search process and alleviating case manager workloads. Since the tool launched in early 2020, Housing Connector has secured housing for more than 2,400 people, including more than 1,000 households in 2021, of which 66% are BIPOC (Black, Indigenous and people of color) households. In 2021, Housing Connector expanded to two additional counties in western Washington as well as to Denver, Colorado. We look forward to expanding our impactful partnership into other markets across the country in 2022 and beyond. Rental income sources To combat source-of-income discrimination faced by renters, we enhanced our rental application system to allow applicants to specify their source of income, including tenant-based vouchers and self-employment. In cases where applicants indicate they are a housing-voucher holder, landlords receive educational content to mitigate the negative stigma associated with vouchers. In New York City, our StreetEasy rental applicants are now given information about laws protecting housing-voucher holders from discrimination as well as tips for searching for housing that accepts vouchers. StreetEasy has also partnered with the New York City mayor's Public Engagement Unit to educate the city's property owners, brokers and real estate agents about the benefits of leasing to voucher holders. Down payment assistance In an effort to reduce barriers to homeownership, Zillow has partnered with Down Payment Resource to help home shoppers discover the wide variety of down payment assistance programs that can make homeownership easier to attain, especially for first-time home buyers. For-sale home listings on Zillow nationwide now include information about the number of potential down payment assistance programs that may be available to buyers searching for homes. The Future of Real Estate Is Inclusive Sustainability Report 2021 Unlocking Life's Next Chapter Zillow's technology and data teams are working to build solutions that will simplify and streamline the home-buying process. We are transforming Zillow from a company that helps customers search and find to a company that enables customers to dream and shop, as well as buy, sell, rent, finance and close. Our goal is to radically simplify transactions while saving customers substantial time, money and stress. To evolve our platform, Zillow's technology and data teams regularly collaborate with our Insights team to better understand how customers participate in the real estate market and use Zillow. Automating Real Estate Transactions Whether buying or selling a home or signing a new rental lease, real estate transactions can be complicated, time-consuming, stressful and expensive. Most customers must work with multiple vendors to complete a transaction. At Zillow, we strive to support our customers throughout their real estate transactions and are working to digitize and streamline the process. With tools such as electronic signings, digital document capture and remote closing, Zillow is working to remove the stress and complexity of real estate transactions. Improving the Home-Shopping Experience It can be difficult to find your dream home.Looking through listings can be a time-consuming process and setting precise filters in a home search without eliminating options you may want to see can be challenging. To solve this problem, Zillow uses artificial intelligence (AI) and predictive technology to use factors such as location, previously selected filters and user-specific clickstream data to improve recommendations for homes that may be of interest. Zillow continues to offer safe, secure, virtual home-selling tools - including Zillow's 3D Home®, interactive floor plans and virtual tours - to enable faster, safer and easier home shopping for buyers, and for renters to search, find, apply for and lease a home digitally. The preference for a digital-first experience rapidly gained popularity over the course of the pandemic, and it's here to stay. And not only are virtual home-shopping tools popular with safety-conscious and efficient buyers, they also provide concrete benefits to sellers. In 2021, Zillow acquired ShowingTime, an online scheduling platform for home showings. For customers who desire an in-person tour, the process of coordinating schedules - of buyers, buyer's agents, sellers and seller's agents - can be cumbersome and challenging. ShowingTime streamlines and dramatically improves tour scheduling by automating a complicated process, allowing agents to proactively manage their time and focus on their clients, and making it easier for buyers to tour properties without playing phone tag. Zillow's acquisition of ShowingTime represents the next step forward in our shared commitment to an improved showing process to benefit our customers, clients and the real estate industry as a whole. Zillow 360 A real estate transaction involves a lot of money, dozens of moving parts and endless signatures. Launched in 2021, Zillow 360 is a set of connected services that turns a traditionally fragmented real estate experience into a streamlined one. With the Zillow 360 program, customers in select markets can sell, buy, finance and move with Zillow program partners, supported from beginning to end by experts. We are looking forward to expanding the program in 2022. Please visit the Zillow Tech Hub for more information about how we are working to unlock life's next chapter with our technology and data. Learn more from Zillow's economic research • U.S. movers continued to seek affordability in 2021, but in different areas • Virtual home-selling tools benefit buyers and sellers - and are here to stay post-pandemic • Americans want digital tools to complement traditional home shopping • Experts: Work from home is here to stay, and more inventory is on the way The Future of Real Estate Is Inclusive Sustainability Report 2021 Data Protection & Privacy Zillow places the highest priority on the stable operation of our systems and the protection of the personal information entrusted to us. As a lender, broker and facilitator of real estate transactions, Zillow is increasingly trusted with personal and financial data. We take our responsibility to protect such sensitive information seriously. Treating personal information with respect and integrity is critical to our relationship with our customers, employees and communities. Oversight The Audit Committee of Zillow's board of directors oversees the company's data, privacy and security programs. Our general counsel provides information and updates on any significant issues related to data security and privacy at Audit Committee meetings, generally held at least four times per year. Beginning in 2022, our Information Security Risk Committee will meet quarterly to review risk policies, practices, and results of internal and external audits. Our data protection and privacy policies are reviewed at least annually. Zillow places the highest priority on the stable operation of our systems and the protection of the personal information entrusted to us. Security & Privacy Zillow's Internal Audit (IA) team conducts control testing and provides independent validation that controls are operating effectively on systems in scope for various regulatory and compliance requirements. Our IT Regulatory Compliance team uses third-party external auditors to perform independent testing against all systems in scope for Zillow's regulatory and customer-driven compliance obligations. The audit cadence aligns with regulatory or customer-driven needs. The scope of our audits includes all systems that store, transmit or process data (regulated nonpublic information, regulated payment data and service-oriented customer data). We also perform annual third-party risk assessments, threat emulation exercises, internal National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) self-scoring assessments and cloud security assessments against our IT infrastructure and information security systems, to ensure that organizational practices reflect our information security policy and that risk controls are operating effectively.Zillow's information security risk management program aligns with the NIST cybersecurity framework. Our 2022 goals and portfolio are aligned with improving our NIST rating each year. We are subject to a variety of data privacy regulations, including the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018. Zillow has a privacy portal that allows customers to learn more about the information we collect, how we use it and how we share it. The portal also allows users to manage cookies, request a copy of their data and delete their data if they would like. Training To help prevent and respond to cybersecurity-related incidents and keep data and devices safe, we place an emphasis on training our employees on privacy and security measures. Our training covers the definitions of personal information; company principles on how personal information may be collected, used and shared; procedures for obtaining privacy review of new uses of personal information; and products involving collection of personal information. Security training covers phishing, security awareness, strong passwords, secure coding practices, regulatory security compliance requirements and application security. In 2021, 81% of employees completed cybersecurity awareness training, which includes information security training, and approximately 86% of new hires completed Zillow Group's Privacy Principles training course. Zillow also offers training on specific regulations, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act and HIPAA, to our employees for whom those regulations are relevant to their work. We introduce additional training as necessary. To reinforce training, we also have a robust internal privacy policy, which provides requirements and guidelines regarding how personal information is used and embeds principles of privacy by design in our product development process. Zillow data protection and privacy policies • Terms of use • Privacy policy • Privacy portal • Government and civil information requests policy The Future of Real Estate Is Inclusive Sustainability Report 2021 Employee Engagement & Activation Zillow provides resources and incentives to support and encourage employees to give back in their communities. We continue to offer a donation-matching program that matches any employee donation of up to $100 per year to qualifying nonprofit organizations, and in 2021, we introduced payroll deductions to make giving as easy as possible for our employees. In 2021, employees donated a total of $188,438 to support 657 nonprofits, with more than a 50% engagement rate on our giving/volunteering platform. We offer employees an annual benefit of eight hours of volunteer time off (VTO) and a dollars-for-doers program for employees who would prefer to donate their time to support causes important to them and their communities. In 2021, employees volunteered 1,209 hours in support of local nonprofit organizations. In addition to these volunteer hours, we also sponsored 24 employee-led giving and volunteering campaigns throughout the year, with joint support from the Social Impact and Equity & Belonging teams. Customer & Partner Support Social Investments & Partnerships At Zillow, we work every day to make it as easy as possible to unlock life's next chapter. To support our customers in this process, we invest in our Customer Support and Partner Support teams to ensure we're available to help those customers resolve any problems they may have, regardless of which Zillow product, service or platform they're using. 2021 Satisfaction Data 84% 82% customer support satisfaction partner support satisfaction Customer Support Zillow's Customer Support team assists our customers by answering questions, troubleshooting issues and enhancing user engagement with Zillow's platforms. Every member of the team undergoes rigorous and continuously evolving training to equip them with the knowledge they need to efficiently resolve customer concerns. Partner Support Since 2015, Zillow has maintained a support team for the real estate agents who partner with us to help our shared customers unlock life's next chapter. Our Partner Support team provides on-demand support to solve immediate problems or assist with tools to proactively resolve potential issues; doing so helps agents grow their business. Utilizing data and quality-monitoring information from these calls, we analyze our partners' needs and are able to assess our level of support in order to improve how we assist them. We invest in and partner with nonprofit organizations and other social enterprises focused on addressing fair housing, housing insecurity, homelessness and housing inequities, both nationally and in communities where we operate. In 2021, Zillow gave more than $2.94 million to hundreds of nonprofit organizations through cash and in-kind donations. Welcome.US This nationwide nonprofit is dedicated to helping Afghan refugee families resettle across the United States.Our partnership with Welcome.US focused on the national effort to connect landlords to Afghan families in search of affordable, permanent homes. By the end of 2021, more than 250 landlords had signed up to help, with available occupancy for more than 1,100 refugees. We also provided a $25,000 donation to Welcome.US to support its efforts. COVID-19 Rent Relief Campaign In August 2021, the federal eviction moratorium ended, leaving millions of renters at risk of losing their homes. In response, Zillow conducted a campaign to inform both landlords and renters about the availability of rent relief programs. Through targeted email outreach beginning in September, this campaign provided information about rent relief programs to more than 1 million landlords and more than half a million renters. We invest in and partner with nonprofit organizations and other social enterprises nationally and in communities where we operate. The Future of Real Estate Is Inclusive Sustainability Report 2021 Zillow as a Flexible Workforce: The Future of Work We are in the midst of "The Great Reshuffling," as the pandemic changes the way we think about both home and work. New habits and norms are forming rapidly right now, and this is true for both our customers and our employees. We're reimagining the real estate transaction to make it easier to move while also simplifying and making it easier to work together from anywhere. In late 2020, Zillow announced a permanent move to a flexible workforce. As a result, Zillow is now effectively headquartered in the cloud. With this change, we are taking an approach of continuous improvement to workplace culture, dedicating considerable care and resources to assessing policies and practices; listening to employees through quarterly surveys; and innovating to ensure that we are creating a more inclusive, personalized and sustainable way of working in which everyone can grow and thrive as a distributed workforce. Our culture is no longer contained within our office buildings, and we have the opportunity to create a flexible and inclusive environment. With more focus, support and flexibility in their work lives, our employees are able to better balance their career, their personal lives and engagement in their local communities - to the benefit of all. As an early adopter of a post-pandemic flexible culture, we have dedicated ourselves to evolving quickly to meet our employees' changing needs and redefine the future of our most valuable asset: our employees. As a result of our flexible work location policy, we've seen a record number of people apply to work at Zillow. In the first half of 2021, 108,000 candidates applied to Zillow, up 58.5% from the first half of 2019. That includes more women, at 48.2%, up from 41.6%, as well as more geographically dispersed applicants; candidates applied from more than 11,000 ZIP codes versus 7,084 for the first half of 2019. We're broadening our talent pool, reaching communities across the country and opening opportunities to people who wouldn't have been able to apply based on geography, in order to create a more diverse and inclusive workforce. Our compensation philosophy also has evolved to ensure we are paying competitive wages not only locally, but nationally as well, and to leverage industry survey data to ensure we retain/attract top talent. In working as a flexible workforce over the course of 2021, we have learned more about creative ways of engaging. We invested in our office spaces, redesigning them purposefully for collaboration and social gatherings. These renovated spaces are focused on connection and in-person collaboration, and are designed to offer less frequent but more effective on-site interactions, team collaboration, learning, socializing and team building. Our renovated spaces use new working norms that acknowledge that not everyone will be present in person. These new norms ensure an equitable experience in meetings where all attendees are engaged and active participants have a sense of belonging not bound by location. We also advanced flexible-work policies and benefits that ensure all employees thrive on a level playing field. Our policies such as company-wide core collaboration hours (10 a.m.-2 p.m. PST) and flexible working hours help employees build their work life around their home life. This flexible-work program aims to pivot away from working daily in a Zillow office and toward the employee's home office, evolving our model to ensure our employees are supported in the office where they spend the vast majority of their working time. As Zillow looks ahead to continuing flexible work in 2022, we will further evolve how we work as a company and as individuals to ensure we maintain connectivity and collaboration as a distributed workforce. We began 2020 with employees in 32 states. We now have employees in 49 states.Sustainability Report 2021 Zillow as a Flexible Workforce: The Future of Work Equity & Belonging At Zillow, we believe we are better together. "Equity" at Zillow means supporting each person with what they need to thrive in their career so that everyone can get what they need to grow and contribute. "Belonging" means fostering an environment in which each person feels valued, supported and given leverage, and that their ideas, perspectives and experiences are acknowledged. Our dedicated Equity & Belonging (E&B) team works to develop inclusive strategies, programs, commitments, partnerships, events, communications and educational resources. The team offers support for the equity and belonging experience throughout an employee's tenure - from hiring to retirement. This team also empowers all Zillow employees to build a strong community, amplify underrepresented voices and foster a company culture in which everyone can learn, grow and thrive. We begin by acknowledging inequality and addressing the imbalance by identifying differing needs and addressing those needs accordingly. Programming includes: • Affinity networks: These networks support our 2021 Equity & Belonging Programming Highlights • Communities: These interest groups - one focused • Thought leaders joined us to discuss LGBTQ+ equality, developing women leaders, racism and on parents and caregivers, and another on environmental sustainability - provide spaces where employees feel they belong, where they can share ideas and resources, and where they can initiate changes regarding issues that impact our world. the responsibility of corporate ethics in America. • "Racism Has No Home Here" Summer of Action offered opportunities for employees to create a fairer, more equitable and just workplace and community through a series of anti-racism and allyship actions. Zillow made a $100,000 donation, divided among the following three organizations: National Low Income Housing Coalition's Opportunity Starts at Home campaign, • Recruiting for representation: We are intentional in Enterprise Community Partners' Equitable Path Forward initiative and Housing Connector's how we engage with underrepresented communities, and we work to improve our recruiting process to lift barriers and remove bias at all stages of the candidate experience. We engage with community organizations by sponsoring events and conferences, participating in networking events and inviting candidates to learn more about what we do at Zillow. We are a proud member of Washington Employers for Racial Equity. • Events: We host cultural events to give employees a chance to connect with each other and our local communities. These events include donation drives, well-being experiences, celebrations of identity, cultural activities and more. national expansion fund. • To kick off Pride Month, Delaware state Sen. Sarah McBride, the first transgender state senator in the country, joined us to discuss her journey and advocacy work for transgender and LGBTQ+ equality. Throughout the month, the Pride Network organized events and activities to educate employees about LGTBQ+ history and celebrate the community's accomplishments. • In our effort to ensure that we communicate respectfully with our colleagues, we relaunched our Managing Bias training with the flexible workplace in mind, and also released new training to provide employees with a high level of understanding of gender identity, expression and pronouns used within the LGBTQ+ community. • Thanks to improvements in our recruitment and retention of veterans and military spouses, we were recognized as a Military Friendly employer in 2021 for the first time. commitment to creating an equitable workplace for • Virtual dialogues: We provide monthly opportunities all. Today, more than 40% of Zillow employees belong for employees to come together - in a supportive and to one or more of our affinity networks, which include facilitated space - to discuss and explore topics of the Asian Pacific Islander Network, Black/African Ancestry Network, Able and Differing Abilities Network, Latinx/Hispanic Network, LGBTQ+ Network, ZG Over 40 Network, Veterans Network, Women's Impact Network and Indigenous Peoples Network. social identity, equity and belonging. • Speakers program: To explore ways we can create solutions for a more equitable world as individuals and as a company, we bring in thought leaders to speak on topics related to leadership, current events, social impact, philanthropy, anti-racism and anti-discrimination. Zillow as a Flexible Workforce: The Future of WorkSustainability Report 2021 Zillow's Five Commitments to Equity & Belonging Leadership Increase representation of women and BIPOC talent in leadership roles. Retention Increase retention of underrepresented employees so that there is no significant gap between demographics in the turnover or promotion rate.Representation Ensure that our company and business operations represent the demographics of all the available markets in which we do business. Pay equity Continue to ensure that all employees in similar roles and with similar qualifications are paid equitably regardless of their identity. Programming Deepen our focus on equity and belonging with a specific focus on advancing anti-discrimination and anti-bias training and programs for our people managers and employees, creating better internal programs to assist in career development, and meeting the needs of a newly distributed workforce. Five Commitments to Equity & Belonging Zillow continues to value our commitment to equity and belonging. In 2020, we introduced our five commitments to equity and belonging, and over the course of 2021, we worked diligently to assess our processes, develop equitable systems and maintain our momentum in achieving our goals. We have made positive steps toward our commitments, increasing representation among women in leadership roles (director+ level) from 35% in 2020 to 37% in 2021 and increasing BIPOC representation within director+ level roles from 24% in 2020 to 26% in 2021. BIPOC representation has also increased in our overall workforce, from 38% in 2020 to 40% in 2021. We are also seeing promising trends in BIPOC and female representation within management roles (non-director levels), which is a positive indicator of a future pipeline of talent at the director+ level at Zillow. As part of our commitment to retention, we have made improvements in our turnover and promotion metrics, but we believe we have more work to do. To better understand the root cause of our turnover and promotion rates, our Equity & Belonging team will embed itself deeper into the talent review process, and Human Resources will enhance our exit interview process for all employees to better capture the gaps and address areas of improvement for the company. We remain focused on our commitment to growing an inclusive work culture, which includes pay equity for all employees. In support of this commitment, we completed a comprehensive annual pay equity evaluation and disclosed the results publicly on our corporate website. Our assessment of compensation in 2021 revealed that women and men with similar skills are paid within 1% of each other, with controls on job title, function and location. Our data shows progress, but our work is far from complete. As we continue to fulfill these commitments, we will maintain and grow our key equity and belonging programs and advance our commitment to pay equity. This includes strengthening leadership accountability and our connection to the communities we represent. Our transition to a flexible workforce supports our progress in diversifying our workforce and fulfilling these commitments by no longer being bound by the geographic limitations of our physical work spaces. Zillow as a Flexible Workforce: The Future of WorkSustainability Report 2021 2021 Equity & Belonging Data1 Gender MEN WOMEN Race/Ethnicity Generational Diversity WHITE ASIAN BLACK LATINX ALL OTHER RACES 100% 75% 50% 25% 33% 67% 37% 63% 49% 51% 54% 46% 45% 55% 29% 71% 100% 75% 50% 25% 15% 74% 17% 68% 18% 59% 41% 47% 54% 35 YEARS OLD AND YOUNGER 40% 36-55 YEARS OLD 6% OVER 55 YEARS OLD All Employees Board2 Leadership (Director+) Junior Management Management Technical Roles3 All Employees Leadership (Director+) Management Technical Roles3 Pay Equity by Gender & Race4 ALL EMPLOYEES LEADERSHIP (DIRECTOR+) TECHNICAL ROLES3 $1.0 $1.0 $1.0 $1.0 $1.0 $1.0 $1.02 $1.02 $1.03 $0.99 $0.99 $1.02 $0.99 $0.96 $1.00 $0.99 $0.99 $1.01 $0.99 $0.98 $1.00 $0.99 $0.97 $1.00 $1.01 $1.01 $1.03 $1.06 $1.01 $0.98 $0.98 $0.95 $1.00 $0.98 $0.93 $1.01 $1.00 $0.75 $0.50 $0.25 Men (Comparison Group) White Men Asian Men Black Men Latinx Men Men of All Other Races Women White Women Asian Women Black Women Latinx Women Women of All Other Races ¹ In some cases, due to rounding, the individual percentages may not add up exactly to the overall percentage. 3 "Technical" is defined as those employees whose job group or job function directly support the design, build and maintenance of Zillow Group products and/or require formal training and education in technical disciplines. 2 As reported in Zillow Group annual proxy statements for the subsequent reporting year. 4 Data reported as of December 31 per reported year. Zillow as a Flexible Workforce: The Future of WorkSustainability Report 2021 Board Diversity Supplier Diversity 2021 Supplier Diversity Data The perspectives and ideas we listen to, and the voices we elevate, will determine the future of our industry, our company and ultimately, our world. Our commitment to equity and belonging extends to our board of directors. We believe that having a board whose members represent diverse ages, geographic locations, professional experience, genders, races, ethnicities and LGBTQ+ identities promotes innovation and long-term success.In 2020, Zillow joined, and remains committed to, The Board Challenge, a pledge to add a Black director to our corporate board of directors. We appointed Claire Cormier Thielke to Zillow's board in 2020, satisfying that pledge. Zillow's board is composed of 33% women, surpassing the Washington state requirement for a gender-diverse board, a new law that took effect on January 1, 2022. Zillow also meets Nasdaq's Board Diversity Rule, required of all companies listed on Nasdaq's U.S. exchange; this rule was approved by the Securities and Exchange Commission in August 2021. Zillow intends to comply with the required disclosures in its 2022 proxy statement. As part of our Procurement organization, the Enterprise Vendor Management (EVM) team focuses on providing support for Zillow's strategic vendor relationships and adding value by managing supplier risks, spending and performance. In line with Zillow's core values and commitment to equity, EVM established our Supplier Diversity program to increase purchasing and partnership opportunities with diverse-owned businesses. The program identifies and delivers high-quality goods and services across Zillow brands by providing a fair and equitable framework, encouraging us to actively seek ways to partner with, and purchase goods and services from, diverse-owned businesses. At Zillow, we recognize the value diversity brings to business operations, employees and customers. We also recognize that the playing field isn't level and that we have a responsibility to provide opportunities to diverse suppliers. By choosing to work with diverse-owned businesses, we can help drive economic development and build prosperity in the communities we serve. In 2021, we worked to measure progress on our supplier diversity metrics, and we will continue to report that progress annually. 224 diverse-owned suppliers $20.9 million spent with diverse-owned suppliers $93,000 spent with diverse-owned suppliers on average 3.4% of total in-scope supplier costs attributable to diverse-owned suppliers Diverse-Owned Supplier Costs by Category1 54% / $11.2M MINORITY-OWNED 27% / $5.6M SMALL BUSINESS 12% / $2.6M VETERAN- AND DISABLED-PERSON-OWNED 7% / $1.4M WOMAN-OWNED 1% / $301K LGBTQ+-OWNED 1% / $288K DISADVANTAGED OWNERS Sustainability Report 2021 1 Total costs and percentage of costs by category exceeds total cost due to some diverse suppliers having multiple classifications. Zillow as a Flexible Workforce: The Future of Work We have developed a robust Learning & Development portfolio, which includes a number of key career development programs that equip our employees with the knowledge and experience to grow their careers. A few of these include: • The Leadership Entrance Experience Program (LEEP) is designed for individual contributors who want to explore people management and develop their leadership skills. • The Career Pathways Program provides employees with access to skills, connections and experiences aimed at creating development opportunities through cross-functional roles. • Professional skills development is offered through courses like Crucial Conversations, Insights Discovery® workshops and access to virtual coaching. Leadership at Zillow Our people managers play a critical role in moving our business forward by coaching their team, developing each member's talent and providing strong communication to create team engagement. To help achieve this goal, we utilize our Leadership Blueprint, a leadership development guide that outlines our leadership philosophy, our expectations for leaders and the behaviors that are essential to create a consistent leadership experience at Zillow. The blueprint serves as the foundation of our leadership development programs. Twice a year, employees are given the opportunity to provide valuable information about how their manager is demonstrating our leadership expectations, and the feedback provided is incorporated into their manager's overall performance evaluation for the year. We continue to find new ways to enhance the learning experience for our employees through new modalities, tools and technology. In addition, all Zillow employees participate in our annual review process, during which they discuss their performance over the past year and focus on their individual growth plans. Career Development Zillow Internships At Zillow, we believe each of our employees should have the tools and support they need to grow their careers through experiences, resources and connections. We empower our employees to take charge of their development with support from their leader to guide them toward growth opportunities in their current and future roles. Zillow's flexible-work policies expand career opportunities for our employees since roles are no longer defined by location. This enables more career growth through internal mobility, with employees moving through different teams and different areas of the business.A key piece in development is cultivating a learning environment where learning is a habit and mental agility is at the forefront. This means creating the right educational resources for our employees in their current and future roles. As we look to empower and develop our flexible workforce, all of our training is virtual, with on-demand functionality through Zillow University, our online training portal. In 2021, Zillow employees completed 91,769 hours of training via Zillow University and LinkedIn Learning. Since 2016, Zillow has offered summer internships to college students just starting their careers in tech. Zillow interns are matched with a manager and a mentor to support their education throughout the summer, and they work with small teams on critical real-life business projects that are expected to have an impact on the company's bottom line. In 2021, we continued this tradition and hosted a cohort of 113 interns. At Zillow, we believe that inclusivity begins with the candidate experience. We are intentional in how we engage with underrepresented communities and are improving our recruiting process to lift barriers and remove bias at all stages of this experience. We recruit from several universities in the U.S., including HBCUs and Hispanic-serving institutions. Additionally, we partner with various organizations to close the opportunity gap for underrepresented students. A few of our partners include Code2040, Ada Developers Academy, Year Up and SMASH Rising. Through these programs, we strive to support the professional and personal development of students in our communities. Our five expectations are: • Act decisively and strategically • Create clarity from ambiguity • Expect the best from self and others • Foster an environment where all can thrive, today and tomorrow • Build relationships based on trust, transparency and shared success At Zillow, we know that one of the most important relationships employees have is with their manager at every level in their career, and we take that seriously by investing in our leaders' development. To develop our leaders' capabilities regarding these expectations, we invest in their development in a few key ways. We offer an immersive four- to five-day experiential learning opportunity for each stage in the leadership journey. We have early manager, mid-manager and senior leader offerings for leaders at every stage. In 2021, we launched programming for female Zillow executives that aims to build better relationships and connections, and advance professional and leadership development. To ensure an even greater transition from senior director roles to the vice president level, we now provide new executives with additional support: a senior leadership team Zillow pal, an executive coach and access to senior executive leadership roundtable discussions. In 2021, more than 190 leaders completed immersive leadership training and we supported more than 295 hours of executive coaching. We also give externally hired executives extra tools and support to ensure their success. We are working to instill strong, consistent leadership that will lead us into the future. Zillow as a Flexible Workforce: The Future of WorkSustainability Report 2021 Employee Retention Our goal for all programs within our people organization is to create a positive working environment for our employees, one that supports both retention and the desire for our employees to advance their careers at Zillow. In 2021, to better understand the pulse of our workforce, we began conducting quarterly employee engagement surveys to solicit feedback and identify changes we can make to create an even better employee experience. We view internal mobility as a strong indicator of our success in engaging employees. Our people teams support internal candidates through the hiring process and effectively transition them into new roles. We also offer skill-enhancing development opportunities and rotational programs to help employees progress in their careers. For example, to proactively uncover and remove barriers to career growth and retention for our employees from underrepresented communities, we developed the Career Connections Program. This program is part of a larger strategy to collect and connect development and retention resources to support our employees. Our goal is to help employees access the training and skill development they need, and to support them as they fulfill their professional aspirations. Ethics & Integrity Zillow is committed to promoting high standards of honest and ethical business conduct as well as compliance with laws, rules and regulations applicable to our U.S. and international business operations. Maintaining a culture of integrity is critical in ensuring that we continue to operate with excellence in all that we do. We maintain a broad set of policies that establish our expectations among our employees, board of directors, suppliers and external partners.Zillow ethics policies • Corporate Governance Guidelines • Code of Conduct • Code of Ethics • Supplier Code of Conduct • Partner Code of Conduct • Good Neighbor Policy • Respectful Renting Pledge 2021 Employee Retention Data 90% 85% 17% would recommend Zillow to a friend plan on working for Zillow for at least the next year voluntary turnover Zillow as a Flexible Workforce: The Future of Work 20 Sustainability Report 2021 Health & Safety The health and safety of our employees, customers and business partners is our top priority. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and to resume operations in a healthy, safe and responsible manner, we have implemented and executed a number of policies and plans that align with current Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) guidelines and Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) requirements. Plans such as our company-wide COVID-19 Health and Safety Policy, the Zillow Offers Infectious Disease Preparedness and Response Plan, and our COVID-19 Prevention and Response Plan for Corporate Offices have been instrumental in ensuring safe and healthy operations throughout our company. In light of our transition to a virtual, flexible workforce, we are improving how we support employees in home work spaces. We offer virtual in-home ergonomic assessments and ship IT and office equipment directly to employees' homes to help them create safe and comfortable work spaces. In 2021, we established a cross-functional Corporate Health and Safety Committee to help Zillow navigate the complexities of health and safety guidelines and regulations related to COVID-19 preparedness and response, as well as broader health and safety practices. The committee successfully executed a number of COVID-19-related initiatives, including the COVID-19 Time Off Policy, Vaccine Policy, Mask Policy, COVID-19 Health and Safety Policy, and the COVID-19 Preparedness and Response Playbook. The committee continues to oversee critical health and safety initiatives to allow Zillow to make adjustments in response to federal, state and local health and safety mandates. Our commitment to the health and safety of our employees and business partners, and strict adherence to our detailed health and safety protocols, resulted in zero reports of COVID-19 occupational illnesses in 2021. In 2022, we plan to continue managing COVID-19 preparedness and response to promote the continued health and safety of our employees and business partners, and look forward to expanding our health and safety metrics to include leading indicators as well as the lagging indicators currently tracked. OSHA Total Recordable Incident Rate (per 200,000 hours worked)1 EMPLOYEE TOTAL RECORDABLE INCIDENT RATE EMPLOYEE LOST WORKDAY RATE 1.0 0.8 0.6 0.4 0.2 .89 .74 .51 .45 .37 .30 2019 2020 2021 1 Total recordable incident rate represents Zillow Offers only. Benefits & Employee Well-Being At Zillow, we offer a wide range of benefits to meet the needs of our diverse and ever changing employee demographic. These benefits emphasize keeping our employees healthy, and they give employees peace of mind in knowing that they have excellent insurance coverage should an issue arise for them or their family. This is one of the reasons we offer robust health care coverage with fully covered employee premiums for our primary plan, monthly reimbursements for physical and mental wellness needs, and 100% in-network mental health care coverage. For new parents, we offer fully paid maternity and paternity leave, $1,000 per newborn toward baby supplies, and robust adoption support and infertility treatment coverage; we also subsidize support for child care and elder care. In light of the ongoing pandemic, we continue to offer an expanded caregiver leave program, which includes 10 days of protected leave with no impact on pay and a temporary three-month reduced schedule and pay option. This continues to be a welcome relief for our caregivers impacted by the pandemic. Our goal is to provide flexibility and retain employees, while attracting diverse talent. In 2021, to better align with Zillow's transition to a flexible workforce, we updated our base pay compensation frameworks to prioritize performance over geographic location when making pay decisions. Our goal is to provide flexibility and retain employees, while attracting diverse talent. This is not a cost-saving initiative, and we are proud to enable employees to move to locations of their choosing, subject to certain guidelines, without it affecting their pay. By making seamless connections between our rewards offerings, we enable employees to be healthier while providing peace of mind that they and their loved ones are covered by exceptional insurance offerings. Our competitive compensation program allows employees to build financial acumen and stay well, supporting them at every point in their life at Zillow.Learn more from Zillow's economic research • Why Zillow Group is de-emphasizing location as a component of compensation, making it easier for employees to move • Working remotely but not alone: How Zillow employees use 'micro communities' to create authentic connections Zillow as a Flexible Workforce: The Future of WorkSustainability Report 2021 Environmental Sustainability ¹ We consider our target for scopes 1 and 2 to be science-based as it aligns with the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) reduction trajectory for a 1.5-degree and net-zero-aligned target. 2 Our scope 3 emissions calculation and target are still under development, precluding us from setting an SBTi-approved target. We will continue to refine our scope 3 emissions calculations and expect to set a scope 3 target in the future once a representative base year has been calculated and our scope 3 emissions profile is better understood. Zillow continues to build on our commitment to understand and effectively manage the environmental footprint of our operations. In 2021, we completed our first energy and greenhouse gas inventory of scope 1, scope 2 and scope 3 emissions using the accounting methodology established by the Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol. This data revealed opportunities to improve energy consumption of our corporate real estate portfolio, track progress year over year and engage with our employees, customers, partners and suppliers to reduce emissions. Climate Commitments & Targets We are committed to a net zero future and are excited to share our climate goals to achieve this milestone. Zillow's climate commitments and targets: • Achieve net zero operational GHG emissions by 20501 • Reduce absolute scope 1 and scope 2 GHG emissions 46% by 2030 from a 2019 base year1 • Further evaluate our value chain emissions with the intent to set interim and long-term targets for our scope 3 emissions by Q1 20242 To reach a net zero future, we will address our scope 1 and scope 2 emissions by making our office space less carbon intensive and purchasing renewable energy credits. While our scope 1 and 2 emissions profile is expected to remain relatively stable in the near term, Zillow's evolving business structure is expected to have a more significant impact on its scope 3 emissions profile. Concurrent with continuing to refine our scope 3, we anticipate greater engagement with our suppliers to adjust our supplier emissions profile. We have chosen 2019 as our emissions target base year for scopes 1 and 2, because emissions in 2019 are considered the most representative of Zillow's expected organizational structure and strategy moving forward. This is due in part to the fact that Zillow's 2019 emissions profile has not been altered by the COVID-19 pandemic, and because of that, is expected to more accurately reflect Zillow's emissions profile after the pandemic subsides, compared to more recent years. Additionally, all emissions associated with the Zillow Offers business have been removed, as this business is winding down and will no longer impact Zillow's emissions profile after 2022. Corporate Real Estate Portfolio At the end of 2021, our corporate real estate portfolio consisted of 713,788 square feet of leased office space across 12 locations in three countries - a 28% reduction compared to 2020. As we decommissioned spaces, our Corporate Real Estate & Workplace and IT teams found ways to ensure that the assets we no longer needed were either reused or recycled. Our teams were able to keep 97% of all decommissioned assets out of landfills. We also implemented standardized cleaning processes across all leased locations and now require all cleaning products to be registered with the EPA and certified by either Green Seal or Eco Logo. Sustainability Report 2021 Environmental Sustainability Zillow Environmental Data LEED-Certified Office Space Total Energy Consumption (gigajoules) 2019 2020 2021 67% 530,000 square feet 68% 674,000 square feet 78% 558,133 square feet 2019 2020 2021 GHG Emissions1 2 3 2019 2020 2021 4,000 3,000 2,000 1,000 1,183 613 3,210 22,870 18,288 13,123 25,000 20,000 15,000 10,000 5,000 250,000 200,000 150,000 100,000 50,000 6,000,000 4,500,000 3,000,000 1,500,000 211,387 170,337 122,798 4,955,470 2,811,794 1,408,245 0.001034 0.0012 0.0009 0.0006 0.0003 0.000622 0.000425 Scope 14 (metric tons of CO2 equivalent) Scope 25 6 (metric tons of CO2 equivalent) Scope 37 8 (metric tons of CO2 equivalent) Emissions Intensity (metric tons of CO2 equivalent / revenue) 1 All scope 1 and 2 emissions were calculated in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol's Corporate Standard. 5 For all corporate offices and homes in the United States, emissions from energy consumption were computed on the grid level, using the Environmental Protection 2 No significant sources of emissions were excluded in the emission calculation process for any year of data.Agency's Emissions & Generation Resource Integrated Database subregion classification and emission factors. For all corporate offices outside of the United States, Energy Information Administration emission factors were applied at the country level. 3 Emissions data has been re-baselined to include acquisitions such as ShowingTime. ShowingTime's emissions account for ~6% of total scope 1 and 2 emissions in 2021. 6 Emissions from energy consumption cover 100% of Zillow's corporate office footprint. 4 Emissions from refrigerant usage were computed on a per-square-foot basis for both homes and corporate offices using the Environmental Protection Agency's Hydrofluorocarbon Emissions Accounting Tool. 7 Scope 3 emissions include the following emission-source categories: purchased goods and services, capital goods, fuel and energy use, waste, business travel, employee commuting, upstream leased assets, use of sold products, end-of-life treatment, investments, mortgages and corporate bonds. 8 Emissions attributable to coworking locations are accounted for in category 8 (upstream leased assets) of scope 3.Environmental SustainabilitySustainability Report 2021 Appendix Sustainability Report 2021 Zillow ESG Performance Data WORKFORCE Total employees Contractors Equity and Belonging1 Gender - All Employees Female Male Gender - Board Diversity2 Female Male Gender - Leadership Diversity (Director+) Female Male Gender - Junior Management Female Male Gender - Management Female Male 2018 2019 2020 2021 4,336 5,249 5,504 8,005 237 41% 59% 22% 78% 36% 64% 41% 59% 25% 75% 34% 66% 43% 57% 33% 67% 35% 65% 44% 56% 38% 62% 49% 51% 33% 67% 37% 63% 54% 46% 45% 55% Appendix 2018 2019 2020 2021 2018 2019 2020 2021 Gender - Technical Roles3 Female Male Race/Ethnicity - All Employees White Asian Black Latinx All other races Race/Ethnicity - Leadership (Director+ Roles) White Asian Black Latinx All other races Race/Ethnicity - Management White Asian Black Latinx All other races 66% 19% 84% 11% 64% 20% 81% 12% 28% 72% 62% 21% 77% 15% 72% 16% 29% 71% 59% 18% 74% 15% 68% 17% Race/Ethnicity - Technical Roles3 White Asian Black Latinx All other races Generational Diversity ≤35 years old 36-55 years old >55 years old Pay Equity4 Pay Equity by Gender and Race - Total Company Men (comparison group) Women Asian women Black women Latinx women Women - all other races White women Asian men Black men Latinx men Men - all other races White men 48% 42% 59% 37% $1.00 $1.00 $0.98 $1.02 $1.03 $1.00 $1.00 $0.98 $1.01 $1.01 $1.00 $1.00 47% 41% 54% 40% $1.00 $0.99 $1.01 $0.98 $0.98 $0.98 $0.99 $1.02 $0.99 $0.99 $0.99 $1.00 AppendixSustainability Report 2021 2018 2019 2020 2021 2018 2019 2020 Pay Equity by Gender and Race - Leadership (Director+ Roles) Men (comparison group) Women Asian women Black women Latinx women Women - all other races White women Asian men Black men Latinx men Men - all other races White men Pay Equity by Gender and Race - Technical Roles3 Men (comparison group) Women Asian women Black women Latinx women Women - all other races White women $1.00 $0.98 $1.01 $1.06 $0.95 $0.93 $0.97 $1.02 $0.99 $0.96 $0.99 $1.00 $1.00 $1.00 $1.03 $1.01 $1.00 $1.01 $1.00 Asian men Black men Latinx men Men - all other races White men EMPLOYEE RETENTION Would recommend Zillow to a friend5 Plan on working for Zillow for the next year5 6 Roles filled by internal candidates Total Turnover7 Voluntary Involuntary TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT Hours of employee training (year average) Average hours of training per employee Average training cost per employee Code of conduct attestation8 Cybersecurity awareness training LABOR RELATIONS Employees in collective bargaining agreements 94% 78% 20% 13% 88% 72% 16% 19% 78% 95% 78% 19% 11% 2021 $1.03 $1.02 $1.00 $1.01 $1.00 90% 85% 21% 17% 90,000 91,769 63% 89% $303 90% 81% - 0 AppendixSustainability Report 2021 2018 2019 2020 2021 2018 2019 2020 2021 ENVIRONMENT LEED-Certified Office Space Square feet 166,000 530,000 674,000 558,133 Percentage of total square footage 22% 67% 68% 78% CUSTOMER AND PARTNER SATISFACTION Customer satisfaction Partner support satisfaction Call abandon rate9 (% of calls disconnected by partner before being answered) Phone service level9 (% of calls answered within 40 seconds) SUPPLIER DIVERSITY Total amount spent with diverse-owned suppliers ($) Number of diverse-owned suppliers Average amount spent with diverse-owned suppliers ($) Percentage of total in-scope supplier costs attributable to diverse-owned suppliers Diverse-Owned Supplier Costs by Category10 ($, %) Small business LGBTQ+-owned Veteran- and disabled-person-owned Woman-owned Minority-owned Disadvantaged owners HEALTH AND SAFETY Employee total recordable incident rate (rate per 200,000 hours worked)11 Employee lost workday rate 85% 85% 84% .74 .37 86% 83% 12% 84% 82% 15% 68% Energy Use Electricity (MWh) Corporate real estate12 13 $20.9M Zillow Offers14 15 16 224 $93K 3.4% $5.6M, 27% $301K, 1% $2.6M, 12% $1.4M, 7% $11.2M, 54% $288K, 1% Natural Gas (thousand cubic meters) Corporate real estate17 Zillow Offers14 15 16 Total Fuel Consumption (gallons) Diesel Motor gasoline Total Energy Consumption (gigajoules) Gasoline Natural gas Electricity Miles Driven18 .89 .30 .51 .45 35,673 20,007 15,666 1,406 1,363 501 226 275 24,403 33,620 17,794 6,609 1,755 1,695 4,695 4,695 8,017 25,603 1,291 1,239 2,654 2,654 211,387 122,798 170,337 53,784 157,567 434,531 620 67,777 54,401 n/a 350 49,328 120,659 1,490 AppendixSustainability Report 2021 GHG Emissions19 20 21 (metric tons of CO2 equivalent) Scope 122 Corporate real estate Zillow Offers23 Scope 224 25 Corporate real estate Zillow Offers23 Scope 326 27 Corporate real estate Zillow Offers23 26 Emissions Intensity Water Consumption Total Water Consumption (thousand cubic meters)28 Corporate real estate29 Zillow Offers30 Water Intensity (thousand cubic meters / revenue)28 2018 2019 2020 2021 ¹ In some cases, due to rounding, the individual percentages may not add up exactly to the overall percentage. 2 As reported in Zillow Group annual proxy statements for the subsequent reporting year.1,183 229 954 22,870 10,954 11,916 613 133 480 13,123 3,540 9,583 3,210 124 3,086 18,288 3,200 15,088 3 "Technical" is defined as those employees whose job group or job function directly support the design, build and maintenance of Zillow Group products and/or require formal training and education in technical disciplines. 4 Data reported as of December 31 per reported year. 5 Zillow conducts employee experience surveys quarterly. We are reporting results of our fall survey to represent 2018-2020; 2021 represents Q4 survey results. 6 2018-2019 data represents employees who planned on working for Zillow for at least two years. 7 2021 total turnover excludes impacts of the winding down of Zillow Offers operations. 8 All new Zillow Group employees are required to acknowledge reading the Code of Conduct during the onboarding process. 9 Data represents partner support only. 10 Total costs and percentage of costs by category exceeds total cost due to some diverse suppliers having multiple classifications. 11 Total recordable incident rate represents Zillow Offers only. 2,811,794 1,408,245 4,955,470 12 21% of Q4 electrical consumption is estimated based on 2019 and 2020 actual use. 345,690 296,389 510,260 13 3% of 2021 electrical consumption for the entire portfolio is estimated based on 2019 actual use. 2021 data is unavailable. 14 Zillow Offers data represents utility usage at homes owned by Zillow between purchasing and selling the home. Data covers 100% of Zillow Offers homes. 2,466,104 1,111,856 4,445,210 15 December electrical use is estimated based on the percentage reduction of homes from November to December and electrical use from actual consumption in November. 0.001034981 0.000425743 0.000622121 16 Energy and natural gas data was available for 100% of Zillow Offers homes in 2019, ~99% of homes in 2020 and 100% of homes in 2021. Estimates based on available data were used to fill any data gaps. 17 5% of Q4 natural gas consumption is estimated based on 2020 data. 18 Average commute distance is estimated based on employee ZIP code reports. 423.00 60.00 363.00 209.00 67,898.03 19 All scope 1 and 2 emissions were calculated in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol's Corporate Standard. 36.00 15.50 20 No significant sources of emissions were excluded in the emission calculation process for any year of data. 173.00 67,882.53 21 Emissions data has been re-baselined to include acquisitions such as ShowingTime. ShowingTime's emissions account for ~6% of total scope 1 and 2 emissions in 2021. 22 Emissions from refrigerant usage were computed on a per-square-foot basis for both homes and corporate offices using the Environmental Protection Agency's 0.000000154 0.000000063 0.000008487 Hydrofluorocarbon Emissions Accounting Tool. 23 All emissions associated with the Zillow Offers business have been isolated, as this business is winding down and will no longer impact Zillow's emissions profile after 2022, and we want to set an appropriate baseline for tracking target progress. 24 For all corporate offices and homes in the United States, emissions from energy consumption were computed on the grid level, using the Environmental Protection Agency's Emissions & Generation Resource Integrated Database subregion classification and emission factors. For all corporate offices outside of the United States, Energy Information Administration emission factors were applied at the country level. 25 Emissions from energy consumption cover 100% of Zillow's corporate office footprint. 26 Scope 3 emissions include the following emission-source categories: purchased goods and services, capital goods, fuel and energy use, waste, business travel, employee commuting, upstream leased assets, use of sold products, end-of-life treatment, investments, mortgages and corporate bonds. 27 Emissions attributable to coworking locations are accounted for in category 8 (upstream leased assets) of scope 3. 28 Thousand cubic meters is equivalent to megaliters. 29 Estimated 19% of water use based on Energy Information Administration and Energy Star guidance of employee water use of 14 gallons per day. 30 December water use is estimated based on the percent reduction of homes from November to December and actual water use in November. AppendixSustainability Report 2021 Zillow GRI Content Index Zillow is pleased to share a GRI content index, containing select GRI indicators on which our organization is currently able to report. We look forward to expanding these indicators in the future. GRI STANDARD CODE DISCLOSURE LOCATION GRI 102: GENERAL DISCLOSURES 2016 102-1 102-2 102-3 102-4 102-5 102-6 102-7 Name of the organization Zillow Group, Inc. Activities, brands, products, and services 2021 Sustainability Report: About Zillow; 2021 10-K p. 3-9; Our Brands & Businesses Location of headquarters Location of operations Ownership and legal form Markets served Scale of the organization 1301 Second Avenue, Floor 31, Seattle, Washington 98101 2021 10-K p.5, 39 2021 10-K p. 1 2021 10-K p. 3-9; 2021 Sustainability Report: About Zillow Our Facts and Figures; 2021 10-K p. 39, 43-48, 74-76, 101 2021 Sustainability Report: ESG Performance Data; Workforce Organizational Profile 102-8 Information on employees and other workers We do not currently analyze the breakdown of employees by employment contract by gender and region, and employment type by gender. We do emphasize the breakdowns by gender in different career levels, working to ensure there is equal representation throughout our organization. 102-9 102-10 102-11 Supply chain 2021 10-K p. 12-14 Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain 2021 10-K p. 79, 96-97 Precautionary Principle or approach 2021 Sustainability Report: Evolving Our ESG Oversight 102-12 External initiatives 102-13 Membership of associations 2021 Sustainability Report: National Fair Housing Alliance Partnership; 2021 Social Impact Product Solution Highlights; Equity & Belonging Mortgage Bankers Association; U.S. Chamber of Commerce; Internet Association; American Land Title Association; National Housing Conference; Real Estate Settlement Providers Council; Chamber of Progress Strategy Ethics and Integrity 102-14 102-15 102-16 102-17 Statement from senior decision-maker 2021 Sustainability Report: CEO Letter Key impacts, risks, and opportunities 2021 10-K p. 10-39 Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior Our Story; Code of Conduct; Code of Ethics Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics Code of Conduct; Code of Ethics AppendixSustainability Report 2021 GRI STANDARD CODE DISCLOSURE LOCATION 102-18 Governance structure Board and Committee Composition; 2021 Proxy Statement p. 7-11; 2021 Sustainability Report: Evolving Our ESG Oversight 102-19 Delegating authority 2021 Sustainability Report: Evolving Our ESG Oversight 102-20 Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, and social topics 2021 Sustainability Report: Evolving Our ESG Oversight 102-22 Composition of the highest governance body and its committees Board and Committee Composition; 2021 Proxy Statement p. 2-11; 2021 Sustainability Report: Board Diversity Governance Stakeholder Engagement Reporting Practice 102-23 102-24 102-25 102-26 102-27 102-30 102-33 102-35 102-36 102-38 102-41 102-45 102-50 102-51 102-52 102-53 102-54 102-55 102-56 Chair of the highest governance body 2021 Proxy Statement p. 8 Nominating and selecting the highest governance body 2021 Proxy Statement p.10-11; Nominative and Governance Committee Charter Conflicts of interest 2021 Proxy Statement p. 2-8 Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, values, and strategy 2021 Proxy Statement p. 12-13; 2021 Sustainability Report: Evolving Our ESG Oversight Collective knowledge of highest governance body 2021 Proxy Statement p. 11-13 Effectiveness of risk management processes 2021 Sustainability Report: Evolving Our ESG Oversight Communicating critical concerns Code of Conduct; Code of Ethics Remuneration policies 2021 Proxy Statement p. 8-11, 14-15, 30-48 Process for determining remuneration 2021 Proxy Statement p. 14-15; Compensation Committee Charter Annual total compensation ratio 2021 Proxy Statement p. 49 Collective bargaining agreements Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 2021 10-K exhibit 21.1 Reporting period Date of most recent report Reporting cycle January 1 to December 31, 2021, unless otherwise specified March 2021 Annual Contact point for questions regarding the report CSR@zillowgroup.com Claims of reporting in accordance with the GRI Standards This material references the disclosures from the GRI Standards listed in the "GRI Standard" column. GRI content index External assurance 2021 Sustainability Report: GRI Content Index While we do not currently assure our sustainability report, this is a future goal for Zillow Group. AppendixSustainability Report 2021 GRI STANDARD CODE DISCLOSURE LOCATION SERIES 200: ECONOMIC Economic Performance GRI 201: Economic Performance 2016 SERIES 300: ENVIRONMENTAL Energy GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 GRI 302: Energy 2016 Water GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 GRI 303: Water and Effluents 2018 Emissions GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 GRI 305: Emissions 2016 201-2 Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change In 2022, our Enterprise Risk Management and Corporate Social Responsibility teams will be working collaboratively to assess and manage ESG risks, including climate-related risks.103-2 302-1 The management approach and its components 2021 Sustainability Report: Evolving Our ESG Oversight; Climate Commitments & Targets Energy consumption within the organization 2021 Sustainability Report: Zillow ESG Performance Data 103-2 The management approach and its components 2021 Sustainability Report: Evolving Our ESG Oversight 303-5 Water consumption 2021 Sustainability Report: Zillow ESG Performance Data We currently do not track the total water consumption from water stressed areas. 103-2 103-3 305-1 305-2 305-3 305-4 The management approach and its components 2021 Sustainability Report: Climate Commitments & Targets Evaluation of the management approach 2021 Sustainability Report: Evolving Our ESG Oversight Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions 2021 Sustainability Report: Climate Commitments & Targets; Zillow Environmental Data Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions 2021 Sustainability Report: Climate Commitments & Targets; Zillow Environmental Data Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions 2021 Sustainability Report: Climate Commitments & Targets; Zillow Environmental Data GHG emissions intensity 2021 Sustainability Report: Zillow Environmental Data AppendixSustainability Report 2021 GRI STANDARD CODE DISCLOSURE LOCATION SERIES 400: SOCIAL Employment GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 GRI 401: Employment 2016 Occupational Health and Safety GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 GRI 403: Occupational Health and Safety 2018 Training and Education GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 GRI 404: Training and Education 2016 103-2 The management approach and its components 2021 Sustainability Report: Employee Retention 401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover 2021 Sustainability Report: Employee Retention We track, but currently do not publicly report the rate of employee new hires or employee turnover broken down by age group, gender, and region. 401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees 2021 Sustainability Report: Benefits & Employee Wellbeing; Careers: Total rewards Our rewards are available to all of our full-time employees in the United States. 103-2 The management approach and its components 2021 Sustainability Report: Health & Safety 403-1 Occupational health and safety management system 2021 Sustainability Report: Health & Safety All of our workers and workplaces are covered by our occupational health and safety management system. 403-5 403-6 403-7 403-9 Worker training on occupational health and safety 2020 Sustainability Report: Health and Safety Promotion of worker health 2021 Sustainability Report: Health & Safety; Benefits & Employee Wellbeing Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and safety impacts directly linked by business relationships 2021 Sustainability Report: Health & Safety Work-related injuries 2021 Sustainability Report: Health & Safety Data 103-2 The management approach and its components 2021 Sustainability Report: Career Development 404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs 404-2 404-3 2021 Sustainability Report: ESG Performance Data We do not currently break down this data by gender or employee category. 2021 Sustainability Report: Career Development; Employee Retention We offer numerous career development opportunities to ensure success in the workplace, both with Zillow and beyond. Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews 2021 Sustainability Report: Career Development AppendixSustainability Report 2021 103-2 The management approach and its components 2021 Sustainability Report: Equity & Belonging; Racism has no home here; Equity & Belonging GRI STANDARD CODE DISCLOSURE LOCATION Diversity and Equal Opportunity GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 GRI 405: Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016 Local Communities 405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees 405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men GRI 413: Local Communities 2016 413-1 Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, and development programs 2021 Sustainability Report: ESG Performance Data We breakdown the data of employees per employee category by age group; however, the age groups are different than the GRI requirements. 2021 Sustainability Report: ESG Performance Data Because Zillow Group only operates in the United States, this is considered the only significant location of operation. 2021 Sustainability Report: Employee Engagement & Activation; Equity & Belonging; Career Development; Research, Education, and Advocacy While Zillow does not currently track the total percentage of our operations with local development programs, we do consistently engage with local communities through partnering with organizations dedicated to grassroots social change, like Housing Connector, and offering resources to encourage employee volunteering.Supplier Social Assessment GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 GRI 414: Supplier Social Assessment 2016 Public Policy GRI 103: Management Approach 2016 103-2 The management approach and its components 2021 Sustainability Report: Supplier Diversity 414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria 2021 Sustainability Report: Supplier Diversity Data 103-2 The management approach and its components 2021 Sustainability Report: Public Policy, Zillow PAC, and Political Engagement GRI 415: Public Policy 2016 415-1 Political contributions ZGPAC 2021 Annual Report AppendixSustainability Report 2021 Legal Disclosure This sustainability report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 about the environmental, social, and governance ("ESG") plans, programs, practices, and performance of Zillow Group, Inc. ("Zillow") that involve risks and uncertainties. Zillow's actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements due to actions taken by Zillow as well as from risks and uncertainties beyond Zillow's control. Please review the "Risk Factors" described in Zillow's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the SEC and in Zillow's other filings with the SEC for additional information about the risk factors that may impact Zillow's actual results. These documents are available in the Investor Relations section of Zillow's website at https://investors.zillowgroup.com. The forward-looking statements made in this sustainability report are based on information available and assumptions as of March 28, 2022. Except as may be required by law, Zillow does not intend, and undertakes no duty, to update this information to reflect future events. This sustainability report contains estimates and other statistical data made by independent parties and by Zillow relating to Zillow's ESG performance. Estimates and data contained in this sustainability report are unaudited, not prepared in accordance with GAAP, and involve assumptions and limitations, which may impact their accuracy, and you are cautioned not to give undue weight to such estimates and data. The results of historical periods are not necessarily indicative of the results of any future period, particularly given the uncertainty surrounding the COVID-19 pandemic and our ongoing winding down of Zillow Offers operations. Appendix 34 Sustainability Report 2021Updated January 12, 2021 Welcome and thank you for your interest in Zillow and the Zillow family of businesses (Zillow, Inc. and its affiliated brands listed in Section 2, collectively, the "Zillow Companies," "us," "our," or "we" ). By clicking a registration or new account submission button, or by otherwise using our websites, networks, mobile applications, or other services provided by the Zillow Companies (collectively, the "Services"), or accessing any content provided by us through the Services, you agree to be bound by the following terms of use, as updated from time to time (the "Terms of Use"). 1. The Zillow Companies' Role. The Zillow Companies, and the Services, may assist you in performing the various tasks in a real estate transaction. However, unless explicitly specified by the terms of use for a particular Service (each a "Product's Terms"), THE SERVICES ARE NOT INTENDED TO provide you with any financial, real estate, or related advice of any kind. You understand and agree that the Services may include advertisements. To help make the advertisements relevant and useful to you, the Zillow Companies may serve advertisements based on the information we collect through the Services. See the Privacy Policy for more details. A. Zillow, Inc. Zillow, Inc. has a real estate broker license in certain states (see Section 21). However, unless provided for in your Product's Terms, Zillow, Inc. assumes no responsibility for any result or consequence related directly or indirectly to any action or inaction that you or any consumer takes based on the Services or any other information available through or in connection with the Services. 2. The Zillow Companies' Brands and Businesses. We operate the following affiliated brands, any use of any of the Services provided by the following affiliated brands is subject to these Terms of Use: (a) Zillow; (b) Trulia; (c) Hotpads; (d) StreetEasy; (e) Naked Apartments; (f) Out East; (g) Bridge Interactive Group; (h) Zillow Group Marketplace; (i) Mortech; (j) dotloop; (k) Signpost Homes; (l) Zillow Homes; (m) Zillow Closing Services; and (n) Zillow Home Loans. Services offered by each of these companies may be subject to a Product's Terms or additional terms of use as available on their respective websites, networks, mobile applications or otherwise. A. Affiliated Business Relationship Notice: This is to give you notice of business relationships among the following providers. Zillow, Inc. ("ZINC," which operates Zillow.com and promotes Zillow Offers, among other programs); Zillow Group Marketplace, Inc.("ZGMI"); Signpost Homes, Inc. ("Signpost"); Zillow Homes, Inc. ("ZHO"), Zillow Home Loans, LLC ("ZHL"); Zillow Closing Services, LLC ("ZCS"), Zillow Closing Services AZNV, LLC ("ZCS-AZNV") Zillow Closing and Escrow Services CA, Inc ("ZCS CA")and Zillow Closing Services TX, LLC ("ZCS-TX") are affiliated companies and each may refer to you the services of another. ZINC, ZGMI, Signpost, ZHO, ZHL, ZCS, ZCS-AZNV, ZCS-TX are each indirectly wholly owned by Zillow Group, Inc. through one or more subsidiaries. Because of these relationships, any referrals of you by any of the Zillow Companies may provide the referred company, its direct or indirect parent (including Zillow Group), and their respective employees with a financial or other benefit. B. Zillow Group Marketplace and Zillow Home Loans. Except for ZHL, the Zillow Companies do not provide or utilize any information for use in loan-related decisions, and you acknowledge and agree not to use any information obtained from ZGMI or any other Zillow Companies' Services for loan related decisions. If you choose to engage with ZHL, you will be subject to ZHL's separate Product's Terms. You can find more information about ZHL's mortgage lending services at https://www.zillowhomeloans.com. 3. Eligibility; Accounts and Registration. You must be at least 18 years of age to use the Services. By agreeing to these Terms of Use, you represent and warrant that: (a) you are at least 18 years of age; (b) you have not previously been suspended or removed from the Services; and (c) your registration and your use of the Services is in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. To access some features of the Services, you may be required to register for an account and agree to a Product's Terms, to the extent applicable to that service, which may be incorporated herein or available on a separate Zillow Companies site. When you register for an account you will be asked to provide us with some information about yourself, such as email address, phone number, or other contact information. You agree that the information you provide is accurate and that you will keep it accurate and up-to-date at all times. When you register, you will be asked to provide a password. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password, and you are responsible for all actions taken via your account.You may not share your user account(s) with others. Unless you have entered into a commercial agreement with us permitting you to use the Services for transactions on behalf of another person, you may only use the Services for transactions on your own behalf. 4. Use of the Services; Restrictions. A. Use of the Services. As long as you comply with these Terms of Use, we grant you a non- exclusive, limited, revocable, personal, non-transferable license to use the Services, and to download and use any App (as defined in Section 4(B) below) on your mobile device in object code form, for your personal use. If you are a real estate or mortgage professional acting in your professional capacity, you may additionally use the Services to provide information, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to your clients and to take actions on behalf of your clients ("Pro Use"). If you use the Services for a Pro Use, you represent and warrant that you have obtained all required authorizations and consents from your client. Except as expressly stated herein, these Terms of Use do not provide you with a license to use, reproduce, distribute, display or provide access to any portion of the Services on third-party web sites or otherwise. The Services may include software for use in connection with the Services. The Services may not be used for transactions in commercial real estate, which includes, without limitation, commercially zoned properties and vacation rentals. B. Mobile Applications. To use any mobile application feature of the Services (each, an "App"), you must have a compatible mobile device. We do not warrant that any App will be compatible with your mobile device. You may use mobile data in connection with an App and may incur additional charges from your wireless provider for using an App. You agree that you are solely responsible for any applicable charges. We may update any app and may automatically electronically update the version of any App that you have installed on a mobile device. You consent to all automatic upgrades, and understand that these Terms of Use will apply to all updated versions of an App. Any third-party open source software included in an App is subject to the applicable open source license and may be available directly from the creator under an open source license. These Terms of Use do not apply to your use of software obtained from a third-party source under an open source license. C. Use of Content. Subject to the restrictions set forth in these Terms of Use, you may copy information from the Services without the aid of any automated processes and only as necessary for your personal use or Pro Use to view, save, print, fax and/or e-mail such information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the aggregate level data provided on the Zillow Local-Info Pages (the "Aggregate Data") may be used for non-personal uses, e.g., real estate market analysis. You may only display and distribute derivative works of the Aggregate Data (e.g., within a graph), so long as the Zillow Companies are cited as a source on every page where the Aggregate Data is displayed, including "Data Provided by Zillow Group". Such citation may not include any of our logos without our prior written approval or imply any relationship between you and the Zillow Companies beyond that the Zillow Companies are the source of the Aggregate Data. You are prohibited from displaying any other Zillow Companies' data without our prior written approval. 5. Prohibited Use.BY USING THE SERVICES, YOU AGREE NOT TO: reproduce, modify, distribute, display or otherwise provide access to, create derivative works from, decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any portion of the Services, except as explicitly permitted by any Product's Terms to the extent applicable to that product's Services; • provide/post/authorize a link to any of the Services (including but not limited to an agent profile page) from a third-party website that is not a real estate-related website owned or operated by a real estate or lending professional or institution; remove or modify any copyright or other intellectual property notices that appear in the Services; • use the Services in any way that is unlawful, or harms the Zillow Companies, its service providers, suppliers, affiliates, or any other user; • use the Services in any way to discriminate against any individual or class of individuals protected under federal, state or local laws, or which may have a discriminatory impact against any individual or class of individuals, or which otherwise promotes illegal, racist or discriminatory activities or outcomes; • distribute or post spam or other unsolicited messages, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or similar communications through the Services; impersonate another person, misrepresent your affiliation with another person or entity, or make any representation to any third party under false pretenses; reproduce, publicly display, or otherwise make accessible on or through any other website, application, or service any reviews, ratings, or profile information about real estate, lending, or other professionals, underlying images of or information about real estate listings, or other data or content available through the Services, except as explicitly permitted by us for a particular portion of the Services; • upload invalid data, viruses, worms, or other software agents to the Services; • post, reproduce, publicly display, or otherwise make accessible any content, which we, in our sole judgement and discretion, consider illegal, offensive or objectionable including without limitation content that harasses, discriminates, demeans, threatens or disparages any individual or class of individuals; interfere with, or compromise the system integrity or security of the Services, or otherwise bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Services; • conduct automated queries (including screen and database scraping, spiders, robots, crawlers, bypassing "captcha" or similar precautions, or any other automated activity with the purpose of obtaining information from the Services) on the Services; • use any of the Zillow Companies' trademarks as part of your screen name or email address on the Services; • access or use any of the Services to develop competitive products or services; or • attempt to, or permit or encourage any third party to, do any of the above. 6. Fees. A. Generally. You may be required to pay fees to access certain features of the Services. All fees are in U.S. dollars and are non-refundable. If we change the fees for all or part of any of the Services, including by adding fees or charges, we will provide you advance notice of those changes. If you do not accept the changes, we may discontinue providing the applicable part of the Services to you. Our authorized third-party payment processors will charge the payment method you specified at the time of purchase or as agreed to as part of the selected Service. You authorize us to charge all fees as described in these Terms of Use for the Services you select to that payment method. If you pay any fees with a credit card, we may seek pre-authorization of your credit card account before your purchase to verify that the credit card is valid and has the necessary funds or credit available to cover your purchase. B. Subscriptions. The Services may include features that allow for automatically recurring payments for periodic charges ("Subscription Service"). If you decide to activate a Subscription Service, you authorize us to periodically charge, on a going-forward basis and until cancellation of either the recurring payments or your account, all accrued sums on or before the payment due date for the accrued sums. The subscription will continue unless and until you cancel your subscription, or we terminate it. You must cancel your Subscription Service before it renews in order to avoid billing of the next periodic subscription fee to your account. We will bill the periodic subscription fee to the payment method you provide to us during registration (or to a different payment method if you change your payment information). We may change the subscription fee for any subsequent subscription period but will provide you advance notice of any increase before it applies.Unless otherwise stated in your Product's Terms, you may cancel a Subscription Service through the settings page in your account; by contacting us at, consumercare@zillow.com; or, if applicable, by contacting your business consultant. 7. User Materials. A. UGC Definition; License Grant. Certain portions of the Services may allow users to upload or otherwise provide the Zillow Companies images, photos, video, data, text, listings, and other content ("User Materials"). Absent any additional terms provided in your Product's Terms,by uploading or otherwise providing User Materials to the Services, you grant us an irrevocable, perpetual, royalty-free worldwide license to: (i) use, copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, modify, prepare derivative works of or incorporate into other works, and translate your User Materials, in connection with the Services or in any other media; and (ii) sublicense these rights, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law. We will not pay you for your User Materials or to exercise any rights related to your User Materials set forth in the preceding sentence. We may remove or modify your User Materials at any time. You are solely responsible for all User Materials made through your user account(s) on the Services or that you otherwise make available through the Services. For all User Materials, you represent and warrant that you are the creator and owner of the User Materials, or have the necessary licenses, rights, consents, and permissions (including all permissions required under applicable privacy and intellectual property law) to authorize the Zillow Companies and other users to access and use your User Materials as necessary to exercise the licenses granted by you under these Terms of Use. We will not use client contact information that is uploaded by agents into the Zillow Agent Hub portal for any purpose, unless that client contact information is otherwise provided to us directly by the client. B. UGC Disclaimer. We are under no obligation to edit or control your User Materials or the User Materials of any other User and will not be in any way responsible or liable for any User Materials. We may, however, at any time and without prior notice, screen, remove, edit, or block any User content on the Services, including User Materials, that in our sole judgment violates these Terms of Use or we find otherwise objectionable, including any violation of our Good Neighbor Policy, described in Section 13(B). You understand that when using the Services, you may be exposed to User Materials of other users and acknowledge that User Materials may be inaccurate, offensive, indecent, or objectionable. You agree to waive, and do waive, any legal or equitable right or remedy you may have against us with respect to User Materials. We expressly disclaim any and all liability in connection with User Materials. If notified by a user or content owner that User Materials allegedly do not conform with these Terms of Use, we may investigate the allegation and determine in our sole discretion whether to remove those User Materials, which we reserve the right to do at any time and without notice. For more information on our handling of infringing content, please see Section 11 below. 8. 3rd Party/Linked Services/Sent information. A. Generally. The Services include links to third-party products, services, and websites, as well as materials provided by third parties, and may include functionality that allows for the distribution of your User Materials or your personal information (collectively, your "User Information") to third parties not under the our control (each, a "Third-Party Provider"). Third- Party Providers are solely responsible for their services. You are responsible for your use and submission of User Information to any third party, and your dealings or business conducted with any third party arising in connection with the Services are solely between you and such third party. Your use of third-party sites, services, or products may be subject to associated third-party terms of use and privacy policies or other agreements, which you are solely responsible for complying with. We do not endorse, and take no responsibility for such products, services, Web sites, and materials, or a Third-Party Provider's use of your User Information. By using a tool that allows for User Information to be transferred, you agree that we may transfer the applicable User Information or other information to the applicable third-parties, which are not under our control. If you submit a contact form or otherwise indicate your interest in contacting a Third-Party Provider, you may receive telemarketing calls from the Third-Party Provider using the contact information you provided. Third-Party Providers may keep your contact information and any other information received by the Third-Party Provider in processing a contact or other request form.We are not responsible for any damages or costs of any type arising out of or in any way connected with your dealings with these third parties. B. Certain Third-Party Services. (i)Referrals and Lead Sales.As part of the Services, you may be connected with a real estate professional. You authorize us to make such referral or lead sale and acknowledge that we may be paid valuable consideration for facilitating such connection. As part of the Services, you may be connected to a party that provides mortgage loan origination services, title and escrow services, or other settlement services. . In the event that any of these parties have an affiliated relationship with any of the Zillow Companies, then one or more of the Zillow Companies may receive a financial or other benefit from the referral between such affiliates (ii) Non-Affiliated Financial Products. If you choose to contact a non-affiliated bank, mortgage lender, financial institution, mortgage loan originator, loan broker, or other mortgage professional through the Services by filling out a contact, other request form or otherwise indicating your interest in contacting (or being contacted by) a Third-Party Provider (including requests for mortgage rate quotes) on the Services, you authorize the Zillow Companies, and Zillow Group Marketplace, Inc., in particular to provide the information you submit to the Third- Party Provider. If you include your name, contact information and other information in a request, your identity will no longer be anonymous to the Third-Party Provider. Your submission of information and any request for quotes through the Services is not an application for credit. In the case of non-affiliated financial products, the Zillow Companies are only providing an administrative service to consumers and participating Third-Party Providers. Loan approval standards are established and maintained solely by individual Third-Party Providers. Decisions in any related non-affiliated transactions are made by participating Third-Party Providers and are not made by the Zillow Companies and the Zillow Companies are not responsible for the underwriting activities or credit decisions of any Third-Party Provider. Any non-binding quotes provided by the Zillow Companies for Third-Party Providers' financial products are not intended to be official Loan Estimates as defined in the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act or the Truth in Lending Act or otherwise serve as a disclosure of any specific loan terms or conditions under any state or federal law. Interest rates displayed through the Services are for informational purposes only and reflect non-binding quotes of the terms a Third-Party Provider might offer an applicant fitting a consumer's anonymous profile. Actual interest rates may vary. Consumers should rely on their own judgment in deciding which available loan product, terms, and Third- Party Provider best suit their needs and financial means. Except as set forth in Section 8(b)(i) above or as otherwise disclosed to you or provided in other Product's Terms, the Zillow Companies: (a) are not a Third-Party Provider, loan originator, loan processor or underwriter; (b) do not aid or assist applicants in obtaining loans, solicit applicants or Third-Party Providers for loans, or offer or negotiate terms of applications or loans; (c) do not take mortgage applications, make loans or credit decisions or prequalify or preapprove applicants for loans; (d) are not an agent of either any consumer or any Third-Party Provider; (e) do not endorse, refer or recommend any Third-Party Provider that pays The Zillow Companies or the products of any Third-Party Provider that pays the Zillow Companies; (f) are not responsible for any errors or delays caused by consumers or any Third-Party Provider in the loan process; and (g) do not guarantee offer of, or acceptance into, any particular loan program or specific loan terms, conditions, or rates with any Third-Party Provider, or that any rates or terms will be the best available. (iii) Rental Products. If you choose to submit your information in order to submit a background or credit check, you are subject to the Checkr and Experian terms as described in Section 8(C) below. We do not process, or store background or credit check information related to its rental products and do not control how a landlord uses background or credit check information in evaluating their applications. We do not guarantee any acceptance by a landlord of an application but do require all landlords using the Services to comply with the Fair Housing Act and other applicable laws. C. Additional Terms for Third Party Services. Certain aspects of the Services include third- party tools that are subject to additional third-party terms, including, but not limited to, the following: (i) Windows Live Virtual Earth.Windows Live Virtual Earth imagery is supplied by Microsoft Corporation, and use is subject to the Microsoft MapPoint Terms of Use available at http://www.microsoft.com/maps/assets/docs/terms.aspx. (ii) Google Maps. Some of the Services implement the Google Maps web mapping service. Your use of Google Maps is subject to Google's terms of use, available at http://www.google.com/intl/en_us/help/terms_maps.html, and Google's Privacy Policy, available at https://www.google.com/intl/ALL/policies/privacy/index.html. (iii) Stripe. Some of the Services allow you to use Stripe Connect to make payments to other users and may include additional processing or application fees detailed when you choose to connect to Stripe. Your use of Stripe is subject to the Stripe Connected Account Agreement, available at https://stripe.com/us/connect-account/legal. Additionally, by using Stripe, you agree not to use Stripe (and the Services generally) for any Prohibited Business purposes, as listed at https://stripe.com/us/prohibited-businesses. (iv) Checkr. Some of the Services allow users to use our third-party background check partner's, Checkr's, services to submit an application and background check to a landlord. If you are a Renter using the Checkr services, you authorize Zillow to obtain your background check report, including criminal and eviction history, and to share that information with Landlords you submit an application to, and agree to the Checkr Terms of Use available at https://checkr.com/terms-of- service/. If you are a Landlord using the Checkr services, you agree to use the background check reports in compliance with the law, and agree to the Checkr Background Check Report Terms of Use, available at https://zillow.com/rental-manager/terms/Checkr-Terms-of-Use. (v) Chase. Some of the Services allow you to use Chase to make payments to The Zillow Companies. Your use of the Chase payments feature is subject to the Chase Paymentech Privacy Policy, available at https://www.chasepaymentech.com/. (vi) Plaid. The rental payments feature allows you to link your bank account through Plaid for the purposes of making or receiving rental payments. By using Plaid, you agree to your personal and financial information being transferred, stored, and processed by Plaid in accordance with the Plaid Privacy Policy, available at https://plaid.com/legal. (vii) Experian. Some of the Services allow you to use the Experian Connect service to submit a request for a credit check be sent to a landlord. If you use the Experian services, you agree to the Experian Connect Terms and Conditions, available at https://connect.experian.com/legal/terms.html. 9. Intellectual Property. The Services are owned and operated by the Zillow Companies. The user interfaces, design, information, data, code, products, software, graphics, and all other elements of the Services (the "Zillow Companies' Materials") that we provide are protected by intellectual property and other laws and are the property of the Zillow Companies or the Zillow Companies' third-party licensors. Except as expressly allowed by these Terms of Use, you may not make use of the Zillow Companies' Materials, and the Zillow Companies reserve all rights to the Zillow Companies' Materials and Services not granted expressly in these Terms of Use. Intellectual Property Notices: Certain content on the Services is owned by ZIP+4 data and the United States Postal Service. To view a complete list of our issued patents and active trademarks, click here. The names of actual companies, products, and services mentioned herein may be the trademarks of their respective owners. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. We do not assert copyright or grant any rights to the underlying images or descriptions of real estate listings provided through the Services. Any use of these images and descriptions is subject to the copyright owner's permission and the requirements of applicable law. 10. Feedback. If you choose to provide input and suggestions regarding the Services, including related to any of the Zillow Companies' Materials ("Feedback"), then you hereby grant us an unrestricted, perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, fully-paid, royalty-free right to use the Feedback in any manner and for any purpose, including the improve the Services or create other products and services. 11. DMCA; Claims of Copyright Infringement. We respect the intellectual property rights of others and ask that everyone using the Services do the same. Anyone who believes that their work has been reproduced on the Services in a way that constitutes copyright infringement may notify our copyright agent in accordance with Title 17, United States Code, Section 512(c)(2), by providing the following information: (i). Identification of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed; (ii).Identification of the material that you claim is infringing and needs to be removed, including a description of where it is located on the Services so that the copyright agent can locate it; (iii). Your address, telephone number, and, if available, e-mail address, so that the copyright agent may contact you about your complaint; and (iv). A signed statement that the above information is accurate; that you have a good faith belief that the identified use of the material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and, under penalty of perjury, that you are the copyright owner or are authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf in this situation. Notices of copyright infringement claims should be sent as follows: By mail: Zillow, Inc. 1301 Second Avenue, Floor 31 Seattle, WA 98101 Attention: Copyright Agent By e-mail: If relating to content on Trulia.com and related websites: DMCA_notice_email@trulia.com Otherwise: DMCA_notice_email@zillow.com If you give notice of copyright infringement by e-mail, we may begin investigating the alleged copyright infringement; however, we must receive your signed statement by mail or as an attachment to your e-mail before we are required to take any action. 12. Deactivation/Deletion /Changes to Agreement. Except as stated in any Product's Terms, you may deactivate your account at any time by selecting "deactivate account" in your account settings. You can delete your account and all of your account data by submitting a request to "delete your data" at https://privacy.zillowgroup.com/. If you deactivate or delete your account, you remain obligated to pay all outstanding fees, if any, incurred prior to termination relating to your use of the Services. If you violate any provision of these Terms of Use, your permission from the Zillow Companies to use the Services will terminate automatically. In addition, we may, in our sole discretion, deactivate, suspend, or terminate your access to your account and the Services at any time for any reason, with or without notice. We may alter, suspend or discontinue the Services or any portion of the Services without notice. We will not be liable whatsoever for any change to the Services or any suspension or termination of your access to, or use of the Services. We reserve the right to change these Terms of Use at any time in its sole discretion on a going-forward basis. We will make commercially reasonable efforts to notify you of any material changes to these Terms of Use. Your continued use of the Services after any updates are effective will represent your agreement to the revised version of the Terms of Use. Your continued use of the Services after the effectiveness of such changes will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to, any such changes. You further waive any right you may have to receive specific notice of such changes to these Terms of Use. You are responsible for regularly reviewing these Terms of Use. 13. Privacy Policy/Other Terms. A. Privacy Policy. The Zillow Companies will collect, use, store, and disclose personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Please consult the Privacy Policy for more information, which is incorporated into, and made a part of, these Terms of Use. B. Other Terms. Your use of the Services is subject to all additional guidelines, rules, Product's Terms, and agreements applicable to the Services or certain features of the Services that we may post on, or link to, from the Services, such as rules applicable to a particular product or content available through the Services, including, without limitation, the Good Neighbor Policy, the Listing Quality Policy, the Self-Tour Terms and Conditions , the Rentals User Terms, the Respectful Renting Pledge, the 3D Home Terms and Guidelines, and the Video Walkthrough Guidelines. If you are a non-affiliated Third-Party Provider who has created an industry professional account with Zillow Group, you are subject to the NMLS Data Terms. Additionally, if you are a non-affiliated Third-Party Provider who participates in any Services offered by Zillow Group Marketplace, Inc. you are also subject to the Zillow Group Market Place, Inc.'s Lender Terms of Use. All such terms are incorporated into, and made a part of, these Terms of Use. 14. Indemnification. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Zillow Companies, their affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees, and agents from any and all claims and demands made by any third party due to or arising out of: (a) your access to or use of the Services; (b) your breach of these Terms of Use; (c) your violation of any law or the rights of a third party; (d) any dispute or issue between you and any third party; (e) any User Materials you upload to, or otherwise make available through, the Services; (f) your willful misconduct; and (g) any other party's access to or use of the Services using your account and password.The Zillow Companies reserve the right, at their own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, and in that case, you agree to corporate with the Zillow Companies' defense of that claim. 15. No Warranties. THE ZILLOW COMPANIES PROVIDE THE SERVICES "AS IS," "WITH ALL FAULTS" AND "AS AVAILABLE," AND THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, ACCURACY, AND EFFORT IS WITH YOU. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE ZILLOW COMPANIES AND ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. THE ZILLOW COMPANIES AND THEIR SUPPLIERS EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS, EXPRESS, STATUTORY AND IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION: (A) WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WORKMANLIKE EFFORT, ACCURACY, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, NO ENCUMBRANCES, NO LIENS AND NON-INFRINGEMENT; (B) WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS ARISING THROUGH COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE; AND (C) WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE ACCESS OR USE. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU THROUGH THE SERVICES OR ANY MATERIALS AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY REGARDING ANY ZILLOW COMPANIES' ENTITY OR THE SERVICES THAT IS NOT EXPRESSIVELY STATED IN THESE TERMS OF USE. YOU ASSUME ALL RISK FOR ANY DAMAGE THAT MAY RESULT FROM YOUR USE OF OR ACCESS TO THE SERVICES, YOUR DEALING WITH ANY OTHER USER, AND ANY MATERIALS, INCLUDING ALL USER AND ZILLOW COMPANIES' MATERIALS, AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES. YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, AND USE, ACCESS, DOWNLOAD, OR OTHERWISE OBTAINMENT OF MATERIALS THROUGH THE SERVICES AND ANY ASSOCIATED SITES OR SERVICES, ARE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND THAT YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR PROPERTY (INCLUDING YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR MOBILE DEVICE USED IN CONNECTION WITH THE SERVICES), OR THE LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM THE USE OF THE SERVICES OR THE DOWNLOAD OR USE OF THOSE MATERIALS. SOME JURISDICTIONS MAY PROHIBIT A DISCLAIMER OR WARRANTIES AND YOU MAY HAVE OTHER RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION. 16. Limitation of Liability/Exclusive Remedy. IN NO EVENT WILL THE ZILLOW COMPANIES OR ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES (INCLUDING DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, GOODWILL, OR ANY OTHER INTANGIBLE LOSS) ARISING OUT OF, BASED ON, OR RESULTING FROM THESE TERMS OF USE OR YOUR USE OR ACCESS, OR INABILITY TO USE OR ACCESS, THE SERVICES OR ANY MATERIALS ON THE SERVICES, WHETHER BASED ON: (A) BREACH OF CONTRACT; (B) BREACH OF WARRANTY; (C) NEGLIGENCE; OR (D) ANY OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION, EVEN IF THE ZILLOW COMPANIES HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE ZILLOW COMPANIES ASSUME NO LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY (I) ERRORS, MISTAKES, OR INACCURACIES OF MATERIALS; (II) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE SERVICES; (III) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL INFORMATION STORED THEREIN; (IV) ANY INTERRUPTION OR CESSATION OF TRANSMISSION TO OR FROM THE SERVICES; (V) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE THAT MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH OUR SERVICES BY ANY THIRD PARTY; (VI) ANY ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN ANY MATERIALS OR FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE INCURRED AS A RESULT OF THE USE OF ANY MATERIALS POSTED, EMAILED, TRANSMITTED, OR OTHERWISE MADE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICES; OR (VII) USER MATERIALS OR THE DEFAMATORY, OFFENSIVE, OR ILLEGAL CONDUCT OF ANY THIRD PARTY. THE AGGREGATE LIABILITY OF THE ZILLOW COMPANIES AND ANY OF THEIR AFFILIATES TO YOU FOR ALL CLAIMS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, ANY PORTION OF THE SERVICES OR OTHERWISE UNDER THESE TERMS OF USE, WHETHER UNDER CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE, IS LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF: (1) THE AMOUNT YOU HAVE PAID TO THE ZILLOW COMPANIES FOR THE SERVICES IN THE 12 MONTHS PRIOR TO THE EVENTS OR CIRCUMSTANCES GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIMS; OR (2) $100. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES. ACCORDINGLY, THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. EACH PROVISION OF THESE TERMS OF USE THAT PROVIDES FOR A LIMITATION OF LIABILITY, DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES, OR EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES IS INTENDED TO AND DOES ALLOCATE THE RISKS BETWEEN THE PARTIES UNDER THESE TERMS. THIS ALLOCATION IS AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT OF THE AGREEMENT OF THE PARTIES. THE LIMITATIONS IN THIS SECTION WILL APPLY EVEN IF ANY LIMITED REMEDY FAILS ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. 17. Choice of Law; Disputes. These Terms of Use are governed by the laws of the State of Washington, without giving effect to its conflict of laws' provisions.You agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue in the state and federal courts sitting in King County, Washington for any and all disputes, claims and actions arising from or in connection with the Services or otherwise under these Terms of Use. The Zillow Companies operate the Services from its offices in Washington, and we make no representation that the Services are appropriate or available for use in other locations. 18. General. You agree not to export from anywhere any part of the Services provided to you, or any direct product thereof, except in compliance with, and with all licenses and approvals required under, applicable export laws, rules and regulations. All Services used by the U.S. Government are provided with the commercial license rights described herein. These Terms of Use may only be amended by a written agreement signed by authorized representatives of the parties to these Terms of Use. If any part of these Terms of Use is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be replaced with a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of these Terms of Use will continue in effect. The section titles in these Terms of Use are solely used for the convenience of the parties and have no legal or contractual significance. We may assign this Agreement, in whole or in part, at any time with or without notice to you. You may not assign these Terms of Use, or assign, transfer or sublicense your rights, if any, in the Services. Our failure to act with respect to a breach, or our choice to otherwise waive breach, by you or others does not waive its right to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. Except as expressly stated herein, these Terms of Use, and all expressly incorporated terms and agreements, constitute the entire agreement between you and the Zillow Companies with respect to the Services and supersede all prior or contemporaneous communications of any kind between you and the Zillow Companies with respect to the Services. The following sections of these Terms of Use shall survive any termination of these Terms of Use: 3, 5-8, 10-12, and 14-22. 19. Consent to Communications. By using the Services, you consent to receiving certain electronic communications from us as further described in the Privacy Policy. Please read the Privacy Policy to learn more. You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures, surveys, or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements, including that those communications be in writing. The Services may provide web forms, links, or contact information, including phone numbers, that can connect you with the Zillow Companies or third parties, such as real estate agents and Third-Party Providers. Communications through these methods may be routed through a third- party service ("Communications Service"). Calls may be recorded or monitored for quality assurance, training, or customer service purposes. You will be notified at the beginning of a call if it may be recorded or monitored. You consent to such recording and monitoring by the Zillow Companies or the Communications Service. We also use the Communications Service to track phone calls and text messages between you and real estate professionals so that we and the real estate professional can access certain details about the contact. As part of this process, we and the Communications Service will receive in real time, and store, data about your call or text message, including the date and time of the call or text message, your phone number, and the content of the text message. You consent to these practices by us and the Communications Service. The information is subject to the Privacy Policy. 20. Notice to California Residents. If you are a California resident, under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, you may contact the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs in writing at 1625 N. Market Blvd., Suite S-202, Sacramento, California 95834, or by telephone at (800) 952-5210 in order to resolve a complaint regarding the Service or to receive further information regarding use of the Service. 21. Contact Information and License Disclosures. The Services are offered by Zillow, Inc. and its affiliates, located at 1301 Second Avenue, Floor 31, Seattle, WA 98101. You may contact the Zillow Companies by sending correspondence to that address or emailing consumercare@zillow.com. See a complete list of Zillow, Inc.'s real estate brokerage licenses, here. Zillow Group Marketplace, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Zillow, Inc. and has its headquarters at 1301 Second Ave., 30th floor, Suite 3000-A, Seattle, Washington 98101. The Nationwide Mortgage Licensing System (NMLS) Identification Number for Zillow Group Marketplace, Inc. is 1303160.To see a complete list of Zillow Group Marketplace, Inc.'s licenses, see Licensing and Disclosures, EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY. Zillow Home Loans, LLC is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Zillow, Inc., and has its headquarters at 10975 El Monte, Overland Park, KS 66211. The NMLS Identification Number for Zillow Home Loans, LLC is 10287. To see a complete list of Zillow Home Loans, LLC's licenses, see this Licensing page. ZILLOW HOME LOANS, LLC IS AN EQUAL HOUSING LENDER. Zillow Closing Services, LLC, Zillow Closing Services AZNV, LLC and Zillow Closing Services TX, LLC are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Zillow Group, Inc. Licensing information for the Zillow Closing Services entities can be found here. 22. Notice to Apple Users. If you are using our mobile applications on an iOS device, the terms of this Section 22 apply. You acknowledge that these Terms of Use are between you and the Zillow Companies only, not with Apple, and Apple is not responsible for the Services or related Materials. Apple has no obligation to furnish any maintenance or support services with respect to the Services. If the Services fail to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple and Apple will refund any applicable purchase price for the mobile application to you; and, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple has no other warranty obligation with respect to the Services. Apple is not responsible for addressing any claim by you or any third party relating to the Services or your possession or use of the Services, including: (a) product liability claims; (b) any claim that the Services fail to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (c) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation. Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defense, settlement or discharge of any third-party claim that the Services or your possession and use of the mobile application infringe that third party's intellectual property rights. You agree to comply with any applicable third-party terms when using the Services. Apple and Apple's subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of Section 22 of these Terms of Use, and upon your acceptance of these Terms or Use, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce this Section 22 of these Terms of Use against you. You hereby represent and warrant that: (i) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that is on Title 15, Part 740 Supplement 1, Country Group E of the U.S. Code of Federal Regulations; and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.