Take-Two Job Applicant Privacy Notice Last updated : June 26, 2023 1. Introduction This Privacy Notice explains how Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, “Company”, “Take-Two”, “we”, “our”, “us” ) process the personal information of job applicants. It is not a contract and does not create any legal rights or obligations. The Take-Two entity to which you submit your application will be the data controller of your personal information. Notice at Collection of Personal Information: Please see the Categories of Information Collected and Our Use of Personal Information sections for an overview of what information we collect, and why, and the Your Rights section for information about how to exercise your privacy rights. 2. What is Personal Information? The term “personal information” in this Privacy Notice, means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, to you. It does not include aggregated or anonymized information that is maintained in a form that is not capable of being associated with you. 3. Categories of Personal Information We Collect We collect personal information about you when you apply for a job with us and during the recruitment process which, depending on the location, may include information such as: Identifiers: name, contact details (email address, home address and telephone number), IP address, and other similar identifiers. Professional & Employment-Related Information: your previous employers, positions and work experience; professional licenses, certificates or other qualifications; employment references or referrals; any test results, evaluations, or assessments required to ascertain suitability for specific roles; and any personal information you choose to share with us in your interview or application, such as: CV, resume, social accounts (e.g., LinkedIn profile), work location preferences, code samples, immigration and work authorization requirements, or other supporting documentation. Educational History & Qualifications: your highest level of education, the educational institution you attended and when, degrees, certificates or other educational qualifications, your transcripts, and educational references. Financial Information: salary, bonus, benefits, expenses, and stock or equity grants. Web-Related Information: such as technical details about your visit to our online services, or analytics data relating to your usage and activity on our online services. Audio / Visual Information: such as portfolios, reels, and other videos and images you choose to share with us in your interview or application. We may also collect and process sensitive personal information if necessary for limited purposes, and subject to local law: Background Check Information: when permitted by applicable law, we may choose to conduct a background check in connection with your application, which may include a credit check, verification of professional and educational history, or identification of criminal history. Equal Employment Opportunity Information: when you choose to provide it, this includes age, race, ethnicity, nationality, citizenship, sex, gender identity, preferred pronouns, sexual orientation, religion, marital status, veteran status, disability, or accommodation request. This personal information will not be used in the hiring decision, unless specifically permitted by law. Health-Related Information: such as health check indicators of possible infection, vaccination status and records, clearance or registration to enter an office or location and any other information necessary to manage health risks or make reasonable adjustments. 4.Our Use of Personal Information We use the personal information we collect during the recruiting process and when you apply for a job with us to: identify you as a potential candidate and review your application;verify the information provided to us in connection with your application or received from other sources;determine your eligibility and suitability for the potential position or other opportunities with us (such as conducting assessments);review immigration status including supporting visa applications;facilitate the recruiting and interview process, including pre-hire actions (such as coordinating travel accommodations and expenses, providing physical and/or network access, and IT support and services); communicate with you about the status of your application or other opportunities with us that may be of interest to you;assess and improve the performance and success of our recruiting and hiring process, resource and financial planning, and administration;support a diverse workplace and promote diversity, inclusion, and equal employment opportunities;conduct internal investigations, audits, compliance, risk management, problem resolution and security operations; and comply with applicable laws, rules, regulations, legal proceedings, enforcement actions, and government investigations, including relating to tax reporting and immigration. 5. Sources of Personal Information We Collect Although we often collect the personal information described above directly from you, we may collect certain information from references, recruiters, job-related social media sites, publicly available sources, and background screening providers. 6. The Legal Reasons We Rely on to Process Your Personal Information Take-Two processes your personal information based on several legal grounds depending on the jurisdiction you are in, the nature of the information and the processing involved. For example, our processing is necessary to: Pursue our legitimate interests – such as to review your application, communicate with you, protect physical and network security and prevent fraud, and manage your job application for positions with us, including extending any job offer to you and completing the steps necessary to further the employment relationship. Comply with a legal obligation – such as establishing or obtaining the right to work in certain jurisdictions and retaining information for fixed periods of time to comply with local legal requirements on recordkeeping. Take steps prior to entering a contract with you or, where applicable, necessary for conducting human resource management – such as to assess your application, and your suitability for a role, to assess any entitlement to benefits, to set up any resources or assistance required for any potential role. Another legal ground we rely on is: Consent - In certain countries and in some limited situations, Take-Two relies on your voluntary consent to process your personal information. Without such consent, we are not able to process your application. Where you have provided consent, you can withdraw this at any time by contacting us at the email below. 7. Your Rights Depending on where you are located, you may have certain rights regarding your personal information including rights to: Information: to know what personal information we are processing and why. Access: to request a copy of your personal information. Correction: to request correction of your personal information where it is inaccurate. Deletion: in certain circumstances, to request deletion of your personal information where the continued processing is no longer necessary. Object: to request that we stop processing your personal information particularly where there are no longer sufficient legitimate grounds to continue such processing. Restrict: to request that we limit the processing of your personal information. Portability: in certain circumstances, you may request that your personal information is transferred to a third-party. If you wish to exercise one of these rights, please contact the local Human Resources/Recruiting department or email hr-dataprotection@take2games.com . We will not charge you a fee for dealing with your request, other than where the request is manifestly unfounded or excessive (such as if you submit several repeated requests), in which case we may charge you a reasonable fee to cover our administrative costs. We may also ask you to provide certain information to help us confirm your identity. Depending on applicable law, you may also have the right to lodge a complaint with your national data protection authority. 8. Recipients of Personal Information Take-Two Entities: Your personal information will be provided to the Take-Two entity that has posted the position for which you are applying and may also be shared with Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc.and its subsidiaries and affiliates in the United States, United Kingdom, Europe, and other entities outside of your region, where necessary for legitimate business purposes. Service Providers: We may share your personal information with third parties that perform services for us on our behalf in connection with human resources-related tasks and data hosting services, such as IT service providers, background screening providers, or HR database services. We will (i) exercise appropriate due diligence in the selection of such third party service providers, and (ii) require via appropriate contractual measures that such third party service providers maintain adequate technical and organizational security measures to safeguard personal information, and process personal information only as instructed by Take-Two and for no other purposes. Government or Public Authorities: Take-Two may transfer your personal information to government agencies, regulators, or authorities (such as tax authorities or law enforcement), or courts, or where otherwise required or permitted by applicable law (which may include lawful access by foreign courts, law enforcement or other government authorities). Sale or Merger: Where we consider a business transition, like a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or part of our assets, we may disclose or transfer your personal information to the purchaser. Except as described above, we do not sell or share for cross-context behavioral advertising applicants’ Personal Data or Sensitive Personal Data. 9. Cross-border transfers of personal information As necessary in connection with the purposes described in this Privacy Notice, limited members of the human resources, finance, legal, and the IT departments and Take-Two or affiliated company points of contact (i.e., persons with assigned responsibility for the services performed by an applicant) may access and otherwise process personal information in the United States, United Kingdom, Europe, and other locations in connection with their job responsibilities. Personal information may also be shared with service providers, affiliates, other members of the Take-Two company group, and other third parties located in countries that may not provide an equivalent level of data protection. Where we transfer your personal information internationally, we will take appropriate steps to ensure that your personal information is subject to appropriate safeguards, including through the use of approved standard contractual clauses or other legally authorized methods to legitimize such transfer. For more information about international data transfers, please contact hr-dataprotection@take2games.com . 10. Security Safeguards in Place We have implemented reasonable and appropriate technical, administrative, organizational, and physical security measures that are designed to protect your information from unauthorized access, disclosure, use, and modification. 11. Retention We will store the personal information we collect about you for no longer than necessary and in accordance with our legal obligations and our legitimate interests. If your application is successful and you become an employee, where permitted by local law, the personal information we collect during the application process may be transferred to your personnel file and stored in accordance with Take-Two’s data retention practices and local law.If your application is not successful, we will hold your personal information to contact you (unless you have asked us not to) about any other relevant employment opportunities that may arise with Take-Two (and its subsidiaries), and to protect Take-Two’s legal rights, including in connection with legal claims, compliance, regulatory, and auditing purposes. We will retain your personal information for a period after you have been informed your application is not successful. If you do not wish to be notified of future employment opportunities, please email hr-dataprotection@take2games.com , confirming this preference. Location Period Australia 1 year Belgium 1 year Canada 2 years Chile 3 years China 3 years Czech Republic 1 year Dubai 3 years Finland 1 year France 3 years Germany 7 months Hungary 3 years India 3 years Ireland 1 year Israel 1 year Japan 3 years Netherlands 1 year New Zealand 1 year Serbia 1 year Singapore 1 year South Korea 1 year Spain 3 years Switzerland 7 months Taiwan 1 year Turkey 1 year United Kingdom 1 year United States 3 years Where you have given us your consent to process certain Equal Opportunities Information, we may anonymize and aggregate this information and store it in such form that does not personally identify you, for the purpose of monitoring and improving the application and recruitment process. 12.Updates to this Privacy Notice We reserve the right to update this Privacy Notice at any time, and we will provide appropriate notice when we make any substantial updates. We may also notify you in other ways from time to time about the processing of your personal information. 13. Contact Us If you have any questions or requests in connection with this Privacy Notice, please contact hr-dataprotection@take2games.com or Data Protection Officer.101 Okey Plus 1010! 1010! Color Azadi Quest Match 3 Puzzle Azadi Quest: Heroes of Bharat Backgammon Plus Barista Life Baseball Heroes Bid Whist Plus Black Diamond Casino Blob Runner 3D Block Breaker Miner Boggle With Friends Bounzy! Build Roads Bumped Out Çanak Okey Plus Candy Pour Car Restoration 3D Cashier 3D Chess with Friends Color Circles 3D Crosswords With Friends CSR Racing 2 Dodge Master Dragon City Draw Something With Friends Drive Thru 3D Empires & Puzzles: RPG Quest FarmVille 2 FarmVille 2: Country Escape FarmVille 2: Tropic Escape FarmVille 3 Fast Driver 3D Fit and Squeeze Flipper Dunk FreeCell Solitaire Game of Thrones Slots Casino Garden Tails Gear Race 3D Gin Rummy Plus Go Knots 3D Gold Rush 3D! Golf Rival Gun Gang Hair Challenge Harry Potter: Puzzles & Spells High Heels! Hit Guys Hit It Rich! Joust Run Merge Dragons! Merge Farm! Merge Gems! Merge Magic! Merge Town! Merged! Money Maker 3D Monster Legends Oil Well Drilling Okey Plus Onnect Overloaded Pick My Stuff Picker 3D Pixel Shot 3D Puzzle Combat Queen Bee! Ragdoll Fighter Repair Master 3D Repair My Car! Rummy Plus – Original Card Game Six! Sleep Well! Solitaire Spades Plus Spider Solitaire Star Wars: Hunters Tangle Master 3D Tasty Town – The Cooking Game They Need You Toon Blast Touchdrawn Towing Race Toy Blast Two Dots Water Shooty Weapon Cloner Wheel Smash Willy Wonka Slots Wizard of Oz Magic Match Wizard of Oz Slots Wonka’s World of Candy Wood Shop Word Life – Crossword puzzle Words With Friends 2 World Chef Zero21 Solitaire Zynga Poker -Cookies Privacy Policy-Privacy Policy-CA Notice-Cookies-Do Not Sell Or Share My Personal InformationTerms of Service-Community Rules-Zynga’s Subscription TermsOther Policies-Advertising Guidelines-DMCA Notice-Email FAQ-Email Program-Fansite Guidelines-Game Card Terms-Law Enforcement-License Notices-SMS Program-Unsolicited IdeasSecurity -Protecting Your Account-Hacks, Bots, and Cheats-Zynga’s Responsible Disclosure Program-FAQCookie Settings English Language...AfrikaansBahasa IndonesiaBahasa MelayuDanskDeutschEnglishEspañolFrançaisItalianomagyarNederlandsNorskPolskiPortuguêsRomânăSuomiSvenskaTiếng ViệtTürkçeΕλληνικάРусскийсрпскиукраїнськаעבריתالعربيةفارسیहिन्दीภาษาไทย한국어日本語 简体中文繁體中文 About Cookies Last Amended: May 21, 2018 English Language...AfrikaansBahasa IndonesiaBahasa MelayuDanskDeutschEnglishEspañolFrançaisItalianomagyarNederlandsNorskPolskiPortuguêsRomânăSuomiSvenskaTiếng ViệtTürkçeΕλληνικάРусскийсрпскиукраїнськаעבריתالعربيةفارسیहिन्दीภาษาไทย한국어日本語 简体中文繁體中文 Cookies and other technologies employed by Zynga and its partners What Are Cookies? Cookies are pieces of data that websites you visit can set on your browser and device’s hard drive. The term may also be used to refer to other technologies that, when employed in a certain manner, may be able to track the online behavior of a user. Cookies can be set by the website owner (in this case, us, Zynga). These are called “first-party cookies.” They can also be set by third parties other than Zynga, in which case they are called “third-party cookies.” Third-party cookies enable third-party features or functionality (e.g., advertising, interactive content, and analytics) to be provided on or through the website. The parties that set these third-party cookies can recognize your device both when you visit the website in question and also when you visit certain other websites. Zynga and its third-party partners use cookies and a number of similar technologies to support and improve the gaming experience we offer. Some of these technologies are used to identify users when they are on Zynga games and others may be used to track unique users. This notice describes the technologies we use, including how they work, our purposes for using them, and your choices about their use. Technologies That Zynga or Third Parties Use Local Shared Objects (LSOs), which are also known as “Flash Cookies,” are used to: Identify devices so we can prevent and respond to fraud or other illegal activity.Store game preferences so we can present the game experience you want. These preferences let us know things like whether you want music on or off or whether you want us to hide certain Zynga poker tables when you visit the lobby.Store game assets (files) on your device so you can have faster load times.If you do not want Flash Cookies stored on your device, you can adjust the settings of your Flash player to block Flash Cookies storage using the tools contained in the “ Website Storage Settings Panel .” You can also control Flash Cookies by going to the “ Global Storage Settings Panel “ and following the instructions, which may include instructions that explain, for example, how to delete existing Flash Cookies (referred to “information” on the Macromedia site), how to prevent Flash LSOs from being placed on your computer without you being asked, and (for Flash Player 8 and later) how to block Flash Cookies that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time. Please note that setting the Flash Player to restrict or limit acceptance of Flash Cookies may reduce or impede the functionality of some Flash applications, including, potentially, Flash applications used in connection with Zynga services or online content. Browser Cookies are used by Zynga primarily to: Identify specific users and track whether they are logged in (Authentication).Customize site content and remember site preferences. There are a number of ways to manage browser cookies on your device. Most major browsers offer choices for whether and how you receive future cookies and for deleting cookies already on your device. Which browser cookies are on your device will depend on which browser you use to access Zynga services. Here are links to information from some of the larger browsers about how you can control your browser cookies: Chrome , Firefox , Safari , Internet Explorer . In addition, there are several browser plugins available to web users who want to be better informed about and have more control over cookies and similar technologies. Two popular ones are Ghostery and Abine . Beacons, Pixel Tags, and Clear Gifs are all terms for similar technology that often works in the same way. These small strings of (software) code track events such as when a user visits a page or opens an email. They are used by Zynga to measure the effectiveness of our email campaigns, deliver more relevant content, and manage advertising for Zynga’s games. In many instances, beacons, pixel tags, and clear gifs work in conjunction with cookies to function properly, so declining cookies will impair their functioning. Analytics Zynga analyzes traffic and other end user activity to improve the user experience. Zynga and its service providers and business partners may use web server log files and tracking technologies to collect and analyze certain types of technical information, such as cookies, IP addresses, device type, and usage information, including time spent on particular pages or number of clicks. These cookies help us to understand the effectiveness of our websites, services, and/or marketing campaigns. Our analytics partners use browser cookies to generate statistics about visitors to websites, such as the number of page views or times of peak traffic. Our analytics partners include without limitation the following third parties. Please follow the links below for further information concerning the privacy policies and opt-out choices offered by these third parties. Ads for Zynga Games (Zynga as an Advertiser) Zynga works with publishers and advertising networks (“Advertising Partners”) to deliver interest-based ads to users that have visited Zynga sites, played Zynga’s games, accessed Zynga’s content (including videos), or otherwise used Zynga’s services (“Zynga Users”). This practice is often referred to as “online behavioral advertising” or “targeted advertising.” Our Advertising Partners use software that recognizes pixels and cookies (identifiers) that are placed on the browsers of Zynga Users. When the ad software recognizes these identifiers, they deliver ads for Zynga’s products and services to Zynga Users who are on other websites. Ads for Other Sites and Services (Zynga as a Publisher) We use advertising to enable us to offer some of our games, game features, and other services for free. Our Advertising Partners may place cookies on your devices to serve interest-based ads through our services. Most of the ads served in Zynga’s products will include an icon in one corner of the ad unit that the you can click on to learn more about the ad, why you received it, and how to choose to stop receiving interest-based ads from the ad network. The icon will ordinarily be a triangle pointing to the right but can also be a lowercase “i” in a circle. In addition to this icon, all of Zynga’s web-based products have an “AdChoices” link at the bottom of the page that you can click on to obtain the same information. Tracking Pixels, Web Beacons, Pixel Tags, and Browser Cookies – these are all references to technology that we permit others to set or read within our service. These technologies may be used to identify the interests and behavior of web users and target advertising to them based on those interests.They are also used to limit the number of times a user may see a particular ad or prevent certain ads from being shown at all. Please visit NAI or DAA to learn more about behavioral advertising, your choices, and how your data will be treated by participating ad networks. Ads Served in Mobile Apps (Zynga as an Advertiser and a Publisher) When you play our mobile games, we or our Advertising Partners may use one or more of several different identifiers for your mobile device, including Apple Identifier For Advertising (IDFA) or Android Advertising ID (AAID), to target and deliver ads to you in our games or on other apps. This means that your device identifier may be accessed by third-party ad networks and used to (a) help manage the number and types of ads you see; (b) track the source of installs related to ads seen in other apps; and (c) identify your interests and behavior and target advertising to you based on those interests and behavior. If you do not want to receive interest-based in-application advertisements on your mobile device, you may adjust the ad tracking settings on your device (such as turning on “Limit Ad Tracking”). You can also reset the “Advertising Identifier” (such as an IDFA) from your mobile device’s settings page, which will prevent continued use of existing behavioral data tied to your previous “Advertising Identifier.” Further, depending on the platform provider (such as Apple or Google), you may be able to download apps, such as the Digital Advertising Alliance’s “AppChoices” app, that offer to provide you with controls regarding the collection and use of cross-app data for behavioral advertising. Controlling Cookies As we’ve explained above, you can control cookies and other similar technologies by utilizing the tools described above. If you choose to reject cookies, while you can still use Zynga services, your access to some functionality and areas of our services may be restricted. Questions? If you have questions about our use of cookies or other technologies or about the ways in which we use your personal information, please refer to our Privacy Policy . If you still have questions after reviewing that policy, you can email us at privacy@zynga.com (link sends e-mail). 2023 Privacy Preference Center Your PrivacyStrictly Necessary CookiesPerformance CookiesFunctional CookiesTargeting Cookies Your Privacy When you visit any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More Information Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Back Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label labelTake-Two Interactive Software Privacy Policy Last Update: 26 April 2023 Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc., and its subsidiaries that make up the Take-Two group of companies (" Take-Two ", " we ", " us " or " our "), is a leading developer, publisher and marketer of interactive entertainment. This Privacy Policy explains data practices for the products, services, and websites provided by the Take-Two entities and labels listed here (" Services "). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, and keep in mind that our practices and the data we collect may differ depending on how you use the Services. The Services are also subject to any other terms and policies included in our Services. This Privacy Policy supplements privacy disclosures provided with your software product and from your platform manufacturer. This Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information collected from job applicants. Please see our job applicant privacy policy available here . Notice at Collection of Personal Information: Please see the Categories of Information Collected and How We Use Personal Information and Our Legal Grounds sections for an overview of what information we collect, and why, and the Data Rights section for information about how to exercise your privacy rights, including opting out of the sale or sharing of your personal information. Categories of Information Collected The type of information we collect depends on how you use the Services. Generally, we collect the following information: Identifiers / Contact Information : Name, user name, gamertag, postal and email address, phone number, unique IDs, mobile device ID, platform ID, gaming service ID, advertising ID (IDFA, Android ID) and IP address Protected Characteristics : Age and gender Commercial Information : Purchase and usage history and preferences, including gameplay information Billing Information : Payment information (credit / debit card information) and shipping address Internet / Electronic Activity : Web / app browsing and gameplay information related to the Services; information about your online interaction(s) with the Services or our advertising; and details about the games and platforms you use and other information related to installed applications Device and Usage Data : Device type, software and hardware details, language settings, browser type and version, operating system, and information about how users use and interact with the Services (e.g., content viewed, pages visited, clicks, scrolls) Profile Inferences : Inferences made from your information and web activity to help create a personalized profile so we can identify goods and services that may be of interest Audio / Visual Information : Account photos, images, and avatars, audio information via chat features and functionality, and gameplay recordings and video footage (such as when you participate in playtesting) Sensitive Information : Precise location information (if you allow the Services to collect your location), account credentials (user name and password), and contents of communications via chat features and functionality. How We Use Information and Our Legal Grounds We use the information we collect within Take-Two as follows, pursuant to various legal bases: Business Purposes: Provide the Services and support; fulfill orders and requests; improve the Services and our business; develop new products and services; enhance your experience on the Services; protect the security for our users, employees, facilities, and Services; and develop internal marketing and demographic studiesCommercial Purposes: Market and advertise our and our business partners' products and services; send you promotional materials; and administer promotional activities or events We also use your information as permitted by law.↓ Learn More We use information we collect for our business purposes, including to: Provide the ServicesFulfill product orders and other requests, respond to your questions, and communicate with youEnhance and personalize your experience on the Services, including to recognize you, maintain your preferences and settings, connect you with other users and link to your third-party platform, gaming, and social networking accountsProvide technical and other supportReview the use and operations of the Services, develop new products or services, and conduct analyses to enhance or improve our software, content, marketing, support, and Services Conduct internal marketing and demographic studiesAddress issues with the Services or other business needsTo protect the security or integrity of the Services, users and our business such as by protecting against and preventing violation of our terms and policies, including combating fraud, piracy, cheating, tampering, unauthorized transactions, claims, and other liabilities, and managing risk exposureInteract on your behalf with the third-party platform, gaming, and social networking accounts you connect with our Services Participate in other processing that we inform you about when you provide your information or when you consent to such processingAs permitted by law We use information we collect for commercial purposes, including to: Provide you and other users with customized content, targeted offers, and advertising on the Services, via email and text message, or on other sites, mobile applications, or social media on behalf of Take-Two or our business partnersContact you with information and promotional materialsAdminister rewards, surveys, sweepstakes, contests, or other promotional activities or events sponsored or managed by us or our business partnersAnalyze our users, in combination with other data, to assess our user base and target marketing at other similar groups ---Legal Reasons to Process Personal Data If you are based in a location that requires us to establish legal grounds, we process your information on the following grounds: Establish and perform our contract with you (such as the terms applicable to our Services, or to take steps at your request, such as to complete transactions with you and to allow you to play our games online)Compliance with a legal obligationFor our or our partners' legitimate interests, such as to improve our products and services; perform analytics to better understand our users; conduct direct marketing (when we do not need your consent); otherwise supporting our business, operations, and services; and enforce and prevent violations of our terms or policies Protect your vital interests or those of another person (for example, another player)With your consent, such as when you sign up for direct marketing or you connect your Take-Two account with a third-party service ↑ See Less Sources of Information We Collect How we obtain information depends on how you use the Services. For example, we collect information: you provide directly to us, such as when you set up an account, sign-up for marketing, or contact usabout the games you play (automatically)from third-party platforms, such as when you play our games or access our Services with third-party accountsautomatically, including through cookies and similar tracking technologiesfrom third parties, such as advertising networks, business partners, third party information providers, and other players ↓ Learn More ---Information You Provide You provide us with information when you use the Services, such as when you: create an account or use the Servicessubscribe to marketing and communicationscomment on our message boards, forums, chat rooms, feeds, sites, or other Servicespurchase or redeem one of our products or services, including physical items, virtual items, virtual currency, or add-onsdownload, install, or access demos, programs, or other softwarecontact us for support or other purposesuse our email or share featuresparticipate in events, contests, promotions, surveys, or playtesting participate in an activity where you provide your information Depending on the Service or your activity, we collect information such as your name, email address, phone number, photo, mailing address / zip code, payment or purchase information, age, gender, password, platform ID, software products played, survey data, geolocation, and the systems or platforms you play on. We combine this information across devices that you use. ---Gameplay Information When you use the Services, we automatically receive information about your gameplay. Gameplay information includes your platform ID or gaming service ID, game achievements, game scores and performance, IP address, MAC address or other device IDs, other platform / device information, and other information and statistics regarding your use of the Services.We collect gameplay information even if you do not register for the Services. We may combine gameplay information with other information we have about you. We also may use internal and third-party anti-cheat technologies to detect and prevent cheating within our Services. ---Platform, Gaming, and Social Networking Information We collect information when you access our Services with third-party platform accounts, such as a gaming platform account, gaming network service account, or social networking service account. When you access our Services in this way, the third-party platforms provide us with information about you. For example, depending on your use of, or activity on the third-party platform, we receive your user name, your friends list, or account information necessary to provide the Services or a purchased in-game item. The third-party platform may allow you to control what information is provided to us. We are not responsible for the terms, policies, disclosures or actions of any third-party platforms. ---Cookies and Similar Technologies We may use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, Flash cookies, Internet log files, software developments kits and similar tracking technologies to improve and maintain the functionality of our Services; enhance security and fraud prevention; and provide you with targeted advertising. Our system may not respond to Do Not Track requests or headers from some or all browsers. The Manage Your Account, Communications, and Data section provides additional information about our use of cookies and similar technologies and your ability to manage cookies. You may also use the cookie preference tool, where available, or visit the Cookie Policy posted on the Service for more information. ---Information from Third Parties We receive information from third parties to update the information that we collect about you. We may receive information from public databases, platform manufacturers, analytics providers, game developers, and other business partners and Take-Two group of companies involved in providing the Services to you, that includes demographic information and information about your interests. We may collect publicly available information, including from social media, to protect our users, employees, facilities, and Services, and to aid investigations. We also receive information from other individuals who use our Services. This may include information about you if you are mentioned in comments on the Services or an individual sends us a direct message. ↑ See Less When We Share Information As detailed below, we share your information with: vendors that perform support and other services for usTake-Two group membersadvertising service providers and partnersother third parties (e.g., for collaborative offerings, legal and safety purposes, in connection with the sale or transfer of a business or asset, and other purposes with your permission)other users, such as when you participate in open communities or events, or information published on leaderboards In the last 12 months, Take-Two has sold and/or shared unique identifiers, IP address, as well as Internet/Electronic Activity and Profile Inferences with third-party advertising providers to enable us to provide personalized advertising to you and others like you. We do not sell or share personal information about persons that we know are under the age of 16 without their (or depending on age, their parent's) consent. ↓ Learn More ---Vendors We use vendors to perform services on our behalf. These vendors provide business, professional or technical support to us, help us operate our business and Services, or administer activities in connection with our business and the Services. ---Advertising We use Take-Two and third-party advertising to support our Services, such as ad networks, data exchanges, traffic management service providers, social networks, and marketing analytics service providers. These providers use cookies and similar tracking technologies (see Cookies and Similar Technologies above) to collect information about your device and your Service use. This information, along with information that we share with them, enables us or our providers to recognize you or your device and to serve ads to you or your device and measure the effectiveness of those ads. This includes Identifiers / Contact Information, Internet / Electronic Activity, Device and Usage Data, and Profile Inferences.We (and sometimes our providers) collect or share this information when you use our Services, click on a site or an ad, or launch one of our games or other mobile applications. This information: (1) allows us to accurately and properly pay for ads placed on our behalf (e.g., an ad that led you to purchase or download one of our games) and get paid when you see an ad on our Services; (2) helps prevent you from repeatedly seeing the same ads; (3) helps select and display targeted ads or other content on your device (such as on a site or social networking service you are visiting or a mobile application you are using) that may be of particular interest to you; (4) helps with measuring and analyzing the effectiveness of our ads, popularity of content, and traffic on our Services; and (5) helps us improve our Services. You can learn more about managing how we and our providers use your information in the Manage Your Account, Communications, and Data section; and, as applicable for the Service, by using our cookie preference tool, where available, or visiting the Cookie Policy posted on the Service. ---Third Parties We share your information with third parties as described in this Privacy Policy, including as follows: Collaborative Relationships : When we offer services or promotions in collaboration with a third party who will receive your information for its own use, we will inform you of that at the time of collection and you may choose whether to participate in the offering. Legal & Safety : We may share your information to protect the security of our Services, servers, network systems, databases, users and business and in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, interference with our rights, property or users, or other activity that is illegal or may expose you or us to legal liability, including as required or requested by law enforcement or other government officials. We also may share your information with third parties when we have reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights, property, operations, users, or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or when we believe that it is necessary to protect our rights, investigate, or enforce our policies, terms, combat fraud, or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on Take-Two. We also may share your information when we have reason to believe it is necessary to investigate or enforce our policies, terms, or other legal document or contract related to the Services or rights of a third-party. Sale or Transfer of Business or Assets : We may sell or purchase assets during the normal course of our business. We may disclose information about you and transfer that information to another entity as part of a potential or actual acquisition or merger of Take-Two or any of our assets. If we bring or are defending a reorganization, bankruptcy, or similar event, such information may be considered our asset and sold or transferred to third parties. As Disclosed to You : We may share your information as disclosed to you at the time of collection. ---Other Users If you participate in open communities, such as online gaming sessions and social networking services, we automatically post certain information, such as your user name or ID and gameplay statistics, within the game, on social networking services, on our Services, or on specialized game sites. If you participate in tournaments or other online game events, we must publicly post your information. We publish gameplay boards and multiplayer match records that contain information based on your use of the Services, such as your user name or ID, when they are essential components of the Services that we offer you and others. Like other gameplay statistic services, your game activity, leaderboards, and multiplayer match information may appear nested in the Services or third-party webpages. Some third-party services also let you post information about your game activity to their sites to share with others. If you use these features, those third-party services' privacy policies and terms govern your actions on those sites and the information that those services collect. We combine information collected through various Services and display it publicly, including on our Services, in our games, or in multiplayer game lobbies. For example, if you link your game platform account with us, we may display your in-game achievements along with your account name. ↑ See Less Public Postings If you share personal information, post an image or video, or provide other content in public forums such as on a message board, chat room, comment field, or profile page, other people can view, collect, and use that information. If your user name or ID contains your name, your name will be publicly available on leaderboards and elsewhere as described in this Privacy Policy.Users of such public forums may be able to identify you, use the information to send you messages, or copy any of the images, video, or content you have shared. There is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality on any of these public forums. Please do not share your personal information in public forums or in your user name or ID. You are responsible for any information or content you publicly post using our Services. Data Rights Depending on your location, you may have certain rights over your personal information, including the right to: Request access to or a copy of your personal informationRequest deletion of your personal informationRequest correction or modification of your personal informationBe informed about the personal information we collect and/or process about you, the sources of personal information, and the third parties with whom information was shared or sold and for what purposesWithdraw consent, if processing is based on consentOpt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information (including targeted advertising) Opt-in/out of financial incentivesLimit the use and disclosure of your sensitive personal information ↓ Learn More You can make a data rights request in relation to your personal information here . We will respond to data requests within a month. We may take steps to verify your identity before we can respond to your request. To the extent these rights apply to you, they may be limited in some situations -- for example when we are under a legal requirement or have a compelling interest for processing your personal information, or when the personal information is protected by trade secret. If you have unresolved concerns, where applicable, you may also have the right to complain to a privacy authority. A list of privacy authorities is available here . Alternatively, if you wish to make a data request or appeal a data request decision, please contact Take-Two using the details provided in the Contact Us section. To opt out, please click on the Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information on our site footer (and available here ) and follow the instructions on that page. To opt out of online personalized advertising more broadly, please see the opt-out options identified in the Manage Your Account, Communications, and Data section. We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of these rights. You may authorize someone to make a privacy rights request on your behalf (an authorized agent). Authorized agents will need to demonstrate that you've authorized them to act on your behalf, or must demonstrate they have power of attorney pursuant to applicable probate law. We retain the right to request confirmation directly from you confirming that the agent is authorized to make such a request, or to request additional information to confirm the agent's identity. ↑ See Less Manage Your Account, Communications, and Data We provide several options for you to manage your Service account, communications you receive from us, and how we use your information. These include through the settings in your Service account; email unsubscribe and deletion tools; and opting out of interest-based ads. More information about how to manage your label-specific account and communications is available here . ↓ Learn More ---Service Accounts You can manage how we use your personal information and the communications that you receive from us through the account, communications, and privacy settings in your Services account. ---Email Unsubscribe You can unsubscribe from marketing emails from Take-Two or a specific label or division by using the unsubscribe link provided in the email. ---Interest-Based Ads On your mobile device, you may adjust your privacy and advertising settings to control whether you want to receive advertising based on your interests. To opt out from the use of your online activities for interest-based activities by participating providers, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp or the Digital Advertising Alliance at http://www.aboutads.info/ . For visitors from the UK, EU, EEA or Switzerland, visit Your Online Choices at http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ . ↑ See Less Data Retention We'll keep your information for as long as necessary to provide you with the Services, fulfil our legal obligations, and/or exercise, defend or establish our rights. ↓ Learn More We retain your information while your account is active, as needed to provide you Services, or to administer our Services. If you wish to delete your account or request that we no longer use your personal information to provide Services to you, contact us as identified in the Manage Your Account, Communications, and Data section. If your account is inactive, we will maintain your account for the length of time for which we reasonably expect you to reengage with our Services.After such period, we will delete personal information, including your email address and log-in credentials, and you may no longer be able to access your account. We may still retain some of your personal information in our files for a reasonable period of time to resolve disputes, enforce our terms and policies, administer our Services, comply with technical and legal requirements, and/or other constraints related to the security, integrity, and operation of our Services, after which we will take steps to delete or archive your personal information. ↑ See Less Children's Privacy Generally, we direct our Services to a general audience and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years old (or older, if applicable law provides for different protections). We may direct certain Services to an audience of all ages---including children. For these Services, we may restrict the collection of personal information on the Services from anyone, apply an age gate allowing children to use the Services while restricting the collection of personal information on the Services from children, or get a parent's permission to collect personal information from children. If we become aware that a child has provided personal information without a parent's permission, we will promptly delete this information. We encourage parents to instruct their children to never give out their real names, addresses, or phone numbers, without permission, when using the Internet. Data Security We follow generally accepted industry standards and maintain appropriate safeguards to help protect the security, integrity, and privacy of the information we collect about you. These security measures are designed to protect against the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, misuse, alteration, and unauthorized disclosure of, or access to, the information under our control. However, no system can be 100% secure and we cannot guarantee our security measures. International Transfers We and our vendors and partners may process, transfer, and store information about you in connection with the Services in the United States and other countries that may not have privacy laws equivalent to the country where you reside. We take steps to apply appropriate safeguards when we transfer that information. ↓ Learn More When your information is in another country, it may be accessed by the courts, law enforcement, and national security authorities pursuant to the laws of that country. If you reside in the UK, EU, EEA or Switzerland, we rely on Standard Contractual Clauses and/or other approved legal mechanisms to transfer personal information from the UK, EU, EEA or Switzerland to countries located outside of these locations (as applicable). To request a copy of such Standard Contractual Clauses, if applicable, please make a data request as provided under the Data Rights or Contact Us section. ↑ See Less Other Take-Two Terms, Third-Party Terms, and Links to Other Sites Use of our services and products may be subject to other terms and disclosures provided by us, platform manufacturers, and other partners, including: (i) the terms that accompanied your purchase; (ii) terms applicable to online Services; (iii) other terms and disclosures made available to you by us or third parties. We are not responsible for practices on third-party sites that may be linked to the Services. ↓ Learn More ---In-Game Transactions and Reseller / Store The third-party platform you use to access the Services, or the online reseller, governs in-game transactions. We may process Take-Two online store transactions directly or through our official online resellers. These transactions are subject to both Take-Two's and the third-party platform or online store's privacy policy and terms (as applicable). Please review the third-party's terms and privacy policy for more details on their policies. ---Third-Party Services If you connect to us through third-party services such as platform, mobile device, gaming, and social networking accounts, that third-party's terms and privacy policy govern your use of that service. We are not responsible for third-party services. ---Third-Party Sites Our Services may direct you to third-party sites. If we link to another site, it is not an endorsement, authorization, or representation of our affiliation with that third party. Please review the privacy policy of the other site before you submit any of your personal information to that site. ↑ See Less Contact Us If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please use https://www.take2games.com/data-request to contact our Data Protection Officer. You may also contact us or our Data Protection Officer by mail at the addresses below. Please identify your location in your message. You may also have the right to complain to a privacy authority. You may also contact us by email at privacypolicy@take2games.com .Country Address Non-European Countries Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. 110 W 44th Street, New York, NY 10036 USA, Attn: Privacy Policy Administrator UK, EU, EEA, or Switzerland (“European Countries”) Take Two Interactive Software Europe Limited Take-Two House 30 Cleveland Street, London W1T 4JD, UK Attn: Privacy Policy Administrator For purposes of privacy laws, the data controller of your personal information is Take-Two Interactive Software, Inc. and – for users in the UK, EU, EEA or Switzerland – Take Two Interactive Software Europe Limited. Depending on the Services, our labels and divisions may be considered data controllers, either together with Take-Two Interactive or by themselves. Data controller and representative information and contact details are listed here . References in this Privacy Policy to Take-Two should be interpreted as references to the applicable Take-Two entity identified as the controller of personal information for the particular Services you are using. Changes to Privacy Policy We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy. Please check back from time to time to review these changes. If we change this Privacy Policy in a material way, we will provide appropriate notice to you and, as appropriate, provide additional choices regarding such change. As permitted by applicable law, your continued use of the Services means that you accept these changes.