To provide you with the greatest degree of access authorized by law, DHS has considered your request under the FOIA, 5 U.S.C. ยง 552. A search of DHS's Federal Protective Service for documents responsive to your request produced a total of 113 pages. I have determined that six pages are released in their entirety, 76 pages are partially releasable, and 31 pages are withheld in their entirety pursuant to Title 5 U.S.C. ยง 552 (b)(6), (b)(7)(C), and (b)(7)(E), FOIA Exemptions 6, 7C, and 7E. Enclosed are 82 pages with certain information withheld as described below: FOIA Exemption 6 exempts from disclosure personnel or medical files and similar files the release of which would cause a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy. This requires a balancing of the public's right to disclosure against the individual's right to privacy. [The types of documents and/or information that we have withheld may consist of birth certificates, naturalization certificates, driver license, social security numbers, home addresses, dates of birth, or various other documents and/or information belonging to a third party that are considered personal.] The privacy interests of the individuals in the records you have requested outweigh any minimal public interest in disclosure of the information. Any private interest you may have in that information does not factor into the aforementioned balancing test. Pursuant to DHS Instruction 262-11-004, FOIA Officers at DHS have been instructed to withhold personally identifiable information (PII) and sensitive personally identifiable information (SPII) of DHS personnel unless a determination is made that the disclosure does not raise security or privacy concerns, or if those concerns are outweighed by any public interest in that information. This policy is available online. Under this policy, the names of senior leaders, spokespersons, and political appointees are generally releasable. With respect to this FOIA request, DHS applied FOIA Exemption 6 to protect PII of DHS employees, including names and contact information. To the extent that DHS has withheld employee PII within these records, it has been determined that the employee(s) has/have substantial and legitimate privacy interests and that these interests are not outweighed by any public interest in the operations of the Department. FOIA Exemption 7(C) protects records or information compiled for law enforcement purposes that could reasonably be expected to constitute an unwarranted invasion of personal privacy. This exemption takes particular note of the strong interests of individuals, whether they are suspects, witnesses, or investigators, in not being unwarrantably associated with alleged criminal activity. That interest extends to persons who are not only the subjects of the investigation, but those who may have their privacy invaded by having their identities and information about them revealed in connection with an investigation. Based upon the traditional recognition of strong privacy interest in law enforcement records, categorical withholding of information that identifies third parties in law enforcement records is ordinarily appropriate. As such, I have determined that the privacy interest in the identities of individuals in the records you have requested clearly outweigh any minimal public interest in disclosure of the information. Please note that any private interest you may have in that information does not factor into this determination. FOIA Exemption 7(E) protects records compiled for law enforcement purposes, the release of which would disclose techniques and/or procedures for law enforcement investigations or prosecutions or would disclose guidelines for law enforcement investigations or prosecutions if such disclosure could reasonably be expected to risk circumvention of the law. While an adequate search was conducted, you have the right to appeal the above withholding determination. Should you wish to do so, you must send your appeal and a copy of this letter, within 90 days of the date of this letter, to: Privacy Office, Attn: FOIA Appeals, U.S. Department of Homeland Security, 2707 Martin Luther King Avenue SE, Mail Stop 0655, Washington, D.C. 20528-0655, following the procedures outlined in the DHS FOIA regulations at 6 C.F.R. Part 5 ยง 5.8. Your envelope and letter should be marked "FOIA Appeal." Copies of the FOIA and DHS FOIA regulations are available at www.dhs.gov/foia. Provisions of the FOIA allow DHS to recover part of the cost of complying with your request. In this instance, because the cost is below the $25.00 minimum, there is no charge. You may contact the DHS FOIA Public Liaison at 202-343-1743 or toll free 1-866-431-0486 for any further assistance and to discuss any aspect of your request. Additionally, you have a right to seek dispute resolution services from the Office of Government Information Services (OGIS) which mediates disputes between FOIA requesters and Federal agencies as a non-exclusive alternative to litigation. If you are requesting access to your own records (which is considered a Privacy Act request), you should know that OGIS does not have the authority to handle requests made under the Privacy Act of 1974. You may contact OGIS at the National Archives and Records Administration to inquire about the FOIA mediation services they offer. The contact information for OGIS is as follows: Office of Government Information Services, National Archives and Records Administration, 8601 Adelphi Road-OGIS, College Park, Maryland 20740-6001, e-mail at ogis@nara.gov; telephone at 202-741-5770; toll free at 1-877-684-6448; or facsimile at 202-741-5769. If you need to contact our office again about this matter, please refer to 2023-FPFO-00302. This office can be reached at FOIA@HQ.DHS.GOV or call 202-343-1743 or toll free 1-866-431- 0486. Sincerely, Enclosure: Responsive Pages (82 pages) Jimmy Wolfrey Senior Director, FOIA Operations and Management