Model No. 831.297140 Serial No. The serial number is found in the location shown below. Write the serial number in the space above for future reference. Serial Number Decal CAUTION Read all precautions and instruc- tions in this manual before using this equipment. Save this manual for future reference. USER'S MANUAL TABLE OF CONTENTS IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .2 BEFORE YOU BEGIN . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .4 ASSEMBLY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .5 OPERATION AND ADJUSTMENT . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .7 HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .10 TROUBLE-SHOOTING . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .12 CONDITIONING GUIDELINES . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .14 ORDERING REPLACEMENT PARTS . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Back Cover FULL 90 DAY WARRANTY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .Back Cover Note: An EXPLODED DRAWING and a PART LIST are attached to the center of this manual. Save the EXPLODED DRAWING and PART LIST for future reference. IMPORTANT PRECAUTIONS WARNING: To reduce the risk of burns, fire, electric shock, or injury to persons, read the following important precautions and information before operating the treadmill. It is the responsibility of the owner to ensure that all users of this treadmill are adequately informed of all warnings and precautions. 2. Use the treadmill only as described. 3. Place the treadmill on a level surface, with 8 feet of clearance behind it. Do not place the treadmill on a surface that blocks any air openings. To protect the floor or carpet from damage, place the mat under the treadmill. 4. Keep the treadmill indoors, away from mois- ture and dust. Do not put the treadmill in a garage or covered patio, or near water. 9. Wear appropriate exercise clothing when using the treadmill. Do not wear loose cloth- ing that could become caught in the treadmill. Athletic support clothes are recommended for both men and women. Always wear athletic shoes. Never use the treadmill with bare feet, wearing only stockings, or in sandals. 10. When connecting the power cord (see page 7), plug the power cord into a surge suppressor (not included) and plug the surge suppressor into a grounded circuit capable of carrying 15 or more amps. No other appliance should be on the same circuit. Do not use an extension cord. 5. Do not operate the treadmill where aerosol 11. Use only a single-outlet surge suppressor products are used or where oxygen is being administered. 6. Keep children under the age of 12 and pets away from the treadmill at all times. 7. The treadmill should be used only by persons weighing 250 pounds or less. that is UL 1449 listed as a transient voltage surge suppressor (TVSS). The surge suppres- sor must have a UL suppressed voltage rating of 400 volts or less and a minimum surge dis- sipation of 450 joules. The surge suppressor must be electrically rated for 120 volts AC and 15 amps. 12. Keep the power cord and the surge suppres- 8. Never allow more than one person on the sor away from heated surfaces. treadmill at a time. 13. Never move the walking belt while the power is turned off. Do not operate the treadmill if the power cord or plug is damaged, or if the treadmill is not working properly. (See BE- FORE YOU BEGIN on page 4 if the treadmill is not working properly.) 14. Never start the treadmill while you are standing on the walking belt. Always hold the handrails while using the treadmill. 15. The treadmill is capable of high speeds. Adjust the speed in small increments to avoid sudden jumps in speed. 16. To reduce the possibility of the treadmill overheating, do not operate the treadmill continuously for longer than 1 hour. 17. Never leave the treadmill unattended while it is running. Always remove the key when the treadmill is not in use. ASSEMBLY on pages 5 and 6, and HOW TO MOVE THE TREADMILL on page 10.) You must be able to safely lift 45 pounds (20 kg) to raise, lower, or move the treadmill. 19. When folding or moving the treadmill, make sure that the storage latch is fully closed. 20. Inspect and tighten all parts of the treadmill every three months. 21. Never insert any object into any opening. 22. Always unplug the power cord before per- forming the maintenance and adjustment procedures described in this manual. Never remove the motor hood unless instructed to do so by an authorized service representa- tive. Servicing other than the procedures in this manual should be performed by an au- thorized service representative only. 18. Do not attempt to raise, lower, or move the treadmill until it is properly assembled. (See 23. This treadmill is intended for in-home use only. Do not use this treadmill in any com- mercial, rental, or institutional setting. WARNING: Before beginning this or any exercise program, consult your physician. This is especially important for persons over the age of 35 or persons with pre-existing health problems. Read all instructions before using. SEARS assumes no responsibility for personal injury or property damage sustained by or through the use of this product. SAVE THESE INSTRUCTIONS The decal shown below has been placed on your treadmill. If the decal is missing, or if it is not legible, please call our toll-free HELPLINE to order a free replacement decal (see the back cover of this manual). Apply the decal in the location shown. BEFORE YOU BEGIN Thank you for selecting the LIFESTYLER® EXPANSE 600 treadmill. The EXPANSE 600 treadmill combines advanced technology with innovative design to let you enjoy an excellent form of cardiovascular exercise in the convenience and privacy of your home. And when you're not exercising, the unique EXPANSE 600 can be folded up, requiring less than half the floor space of other treadmills. For your benefit, read this manual carefully before using the treadmill. If you have additional questions, please call our toll-free HELPLINE at 1-800-736-6879, Monday through Saturday, 7 a.m. until 7 p.m. Central Time (excluding holidays). To help us assist you, please note the product model number and serial num- ber before calling. The model number of the treadmill is 831.297140. The serial number can be found on a decal attached to the treadmill (see the front cover of this manual for the location). Before reading further, please review the drawing below and familiarize yourself with the parts that are labeled. Accessory Tray Storage Latch Handrail Walking Belt Foot Rail Water Bottle Holder (Water Bottle is not included) Towel Rack Key/Clip RIGHT SIDE Upright Circuit Breaker Power Cord Rear Roller Adjustment Bolt BACK Incline Leg Cushioned Walking Platform for maximum exercise comfort Treadmill Mat ASSEMBLY Assembly requires two people. Set the treadmill in a cleared area and remove all packing materials. Do not dispose of the packing materials until assembly is completed. Refer to the drawings below to identify the parts used in assembly. Assembly requires the following tools: The included allen wrench and your own phillips screwdriver and adjustable wrench . Handrail Bolt (15)-2 Base Screw/Latch Screw (13)-6 Handrail Washer (16)-2 Handrail Screw (32)-2 Extension Leg Screw (34)-2 1. With the help of a second person, carefully lay the treadmill on its right side. Insert one of the Extension Legs (41) into the treadmill as shown. Make sure that the Base Pad (36) is on the bottom of the Extension Leg. Attach the Extension Leg with an Extension Leg Screw (34). Be sure to push on the head of the Extension Leg Screw while tightening it. Attach the other Extension Leg (41) as described above. With the help of a second person, carefully raise the treadmill to the upright position so the Extension Legs (41) are resting flat on the floor. 2. Refer to HOW TO LOWER THE TREADMILL FOR USE on page 11. Follow the instructions in step 2 to lower the treadmill. Position one of the Handrails (2) on the left Upright (14) as shown. Thread a Handrail Bolt (15) with a Handrail Washer (16) into the left Upright and the Handrail. Do not tighten the Handrail Bolt yet. Tighten a Handrail Screw (32) into the lower end of the Handrail. Be sure to push on the head of the Handrail Screw while tightening it. Next, tighten the Handrail Bolt (15). 3. With the help of a second person, hold the Console Base (6) and the other Handrail (2) near the right Upright (14) as shown. Note: It may be helpful to rest the other side of the Console Base on the left Handrail. Connect the Console Wire Harness (88) to the two plugs on the Upright Wire Harness (26). Refer to the upper inset drawing. Locate the 7 1/2" Wire Ties (10) on the Console Wire Harness (88) and the Upright Wire Harness (26). Slide the Wire Ties against the plugs as shown. Insert the 11 1/2" Wire Tie (55) through the holes in the Wire Ties. Close and tighten the 11 1/2" Wire Tie. Refer to the lower inset drawing. Insert the Wire Harnesses (26, 88) into the Right Upright (14). Note: If necessary, bend the Wire Harnesses into an "s" shape. Route the Console Wire Harness (88) through the notch in the bracket on the right Handrail (2) as shown. Insert the bracket into the right Upright (14). Make sure that the Console Wire Harness is not pinched. 4. Thread a Handrail Bolt (15) with a Handrail Washer (16) into the right Upright (14) and the right Handrail (2). Do not tighten the Handrail Bolt yet. Tighten a Handrail Screw (32) into the lower end of the Handrail. Be sure to push on the head of the Handrail Screw while tightening it. Next, tighten the Handrail Bolt (15). Place the Console Base (6) on the left and right Handrails (2). Attach the Console Base with four Console Screws (13). 5. Attach the Storage Latch (12) to the left Upright (14) with two Latch Screws (13). Be careful not to overtighten the Latch Screws. 6. Remove the backing from the Adhesive Clip (74). Press the Adhesive Clip onto the Upright Base (14) in the indi- cated location. Press the Allen Wrench (73) into the Adhesive Clip. To protect the floor or carpet, place the Treadmill Mat (92) under the treadmill. 7. Make sure that all parts are tightened before you use the treadmill. 14 92 OPERATION AND ADJUSTMENT THE PERFORMANT LUBETM WALKING BELT Your treadmill features a walking belt coated with PERFORMANT LUBETM, a high-performance lubricant. IMPORTANT: Never apply silicone spray or other substances to the walking belt or the walking plat- form. Such substances will deteriorate the walking belt and cause excessive wear. HOW TO PLUG IN THE POWER CORD DANGER: Improper connection of the equipment-grounding conductor can result in an increased risk of electric shock. Check with a qualified electrician or service- man if you are in doubt as to whether the product is properly grounded. Do not modify the plug provided with the product-if it will not fit the outlet, have a proper outlet installed by a qualified electrician. Your treadmill, like any other type of sophisticated electronic equipment, can be seriously damaged by sudden voltage changes in your home's power. Voltage surges, spikes, and noise interference can result from weather conditions or from other appliances being turned on or off. To decrease the possibility of your treadmill being damaged, always use a surge suppressor with your treadmill (see drawing 1 at the right). Surge suppressors are sold at most hardware stores and department stores. Use only a single-outlet surge suppressor that is UL 1449 listed as a transient voltage surge suppressor (TVSS). The surge suppressor must have a UL suppressed voltage rating of 400 volts or less and a minimum surge dissipation of 450 joules. The surge suppressor must be electrically rated for 120 volts AC and 15 amps. This product must be grounded. If it should malfunc- tion or break down, grounding provides a path of least resistance for electric current to reduce the risk of elec- tric shock. This product is equipped with a cord having an equipment-grounding conductor and a grounding plug. Plug the power cord into a surge suppressor, and plug the surge suppressor into an appropriate outlet that is properly installed and grounded in accordance with all local codes and ordinances. This product is for use on a nominal 120-volt circuit, and has a grounding plug that looks like the plug illus- trated in drawing 1 below. A temporary adapter that looks like the adapter illustrated in drawing 2 may be used to connect the surge suppressor to a 2-pole receptacle as shown in drawing 2 if a properly grounded outlet is not available. Grounded Outlet Box Surge Suppressor Grounding Pin Grounding Pin Grounded Outlet Grounding Plug Grounded Outlet Box Adapter Surge Suppressor Lug Metal Screw The temporary adapter should be used only until a properly grounded outlet (drawing 1) can be installed by a qualified electrician. The green-colored rigid ear, lug, or the like extending from the adapter must be connected to a permanent ground such as a properly grounded outlet box cover. Whenever the adapter is used it must be held in place by a metal screw. Some 2-pole receptacle outlet box covers are not grounded. Contact a qualified elec- trician to determine if the outlet box cover is grounded before using an adapter. DIAGRAM OF THE CONSOLE Monitor Displays Speed Control Clip Key CAUTION: Before operating the console, read the following precautions. • Do not stand on the walking belt when turning on the power. • Always wear the clip (see the drawing above) while using the treadmill. When the key is re- moved from the console, the walking belt will stop. • Adjust the speed in small increments. • The training zones marked beside the speed control are general guidelines only. See page 14 for more information. • To reduce the possibility of electric shock, keep the console dry. Avoid spilling liquids on the console. Use only a sealable water bottle. BATTERY INSTALLATION STEP BY STEP CONSOLE OPERATION The console requires three "AA" batteries (not included). Alkaline batteries are recommended. To install batteries, open the battery cover under the console as shown below. Press three batteries into the battery com- partment. Make sure that the neg- ative (-) ends of the batteries are touching the springs. Close the battery cover. Battery Cover Batteries If there is a thin sheet of clear film on the face of the console, remove it. Before operating the console, make sure that the power cord is properly plugged in. (See HOW TO PLUG IN THE POWER CORD on page 7.) Next, step onto the foot rails of the treadmill. Find the clip attached to the key (see the drawing above), and slide the clip onto the waistband of your clothing. Follow the steps on page 9 to operate the console. Insert the key fully into the power switch. Inserting the key will not turn on the dis- plays. The displays will turn on when the ON/RESET button is pressed or when the walking belt is started. Note: If you just in- stalled batteries, the displays will already be on. Arrows CALORIES/FAT CAL- ORIES display-This display shows the ap- proximate numbers of calories and fat calories you have burned. (See FAT BURNING on page 14 for an explanation of fat calories.) Every seven seconds, the display will change from one number to the other. Arrows in the display will indicate which number is currently shown. Reset the speed control. Slide the speed control down to the RESET position. Note: Each time the walking belt is stopped, the speed control must be moved to the RESET position before the walking belt can be restarted. Start the walking belt. After you have moved the speed control to the RESET position, slowly slide it upward until the walking belt begins to move at slow speed. Carefully step onto the walking belt and begin exer- cising. Change the speed of the walking belt as de- sired by sliding the speed control. To stop the walking belt, step onto the foot rails and slide the speed control to the RESET position. Follow your progress with the monitor displays. TIME display-This display shows the total time that you have walked or run on the treadmill. DISTANCE display- This display shows the total distance that you have walked or run, in miles. SPEED display-This display shows the speed of the walking belt, in miles per hour. The displays can be reset, if desired, by pressing the ON/RESET button. When you are finished exercising, stop the walking belt and remove the key. Step onto the foot rails, stop the walking belt, and remove the key from the console. Store the key in a secure place. After the key is removed, the dis- plays will turn off after about five minutes. Note: Any time that the walking belt is stopped and no console buttons are pressed for five minutes, the displays will automatically turn off in order to conserve the batteries. HOW TO CHANGE THE INCLINE OF THE TREADMILL The incline of the treadmill can be changed by raising or lowering the back end. Before changing the in- cline, remove the key and unplug the power cord. Hold the Rear Roller Endcap in these locations Hold the rear roller endcap with both hands. When the back end of the treadmill is in the low- est posi- tion, the incline is about 10%. Raise the back end until it clicks into position. (Note: It may be necessary to shake the treadmill lightly so that it clicks into position.) The in- cline will then be about 5%. Raise the back end again until it clicks into position. The incline will then be about 3%. To lower the back end, first raise it past the highest position, and then lower it. CAUTION: Before exercis- ing, push on the back of the treadmill to make sure that the incline legs are locked in position. Do not place objects under the treadmill to change the in- cline; change the incline only as described above. Incline Leg HOW TO FOLD AND MOVE THE TREADMILL HOW TO FOLD THE TREADMILL FOR STORAGE Before folding the treadmill, unplug the power cord. Caution: You must be able to safely lift 45 pounds (20 kg) in order to raise, lower, or move the treadmill. 1. Hold the treadmill with your hands in the locations shown at the right. To decrease the possibility of injury, bend your legs and keep your back straight. As you raise the treadmill, make sure to lift with your legs rather than your back. Raise the treadmill about halfway to the vertical position. 2. Move your right hand to the position shown and hold the treadmill firmly. Raise the treadmill until the storage latch closes over the catch. Make sure that the storage latch is fully engaged over the catch. To protect the floor or carpet from damage, place a mat under the treadmill. Keep the treadmill out of direct sunlight. Do not leave the treadmill in the stor- age position in temperatures above 85° Fahrenheit. HOW TO MOVE THE TREADMILL Before moving the treadmill, convert the treadmill to the stor- age position as described above. Make sure that the stor- age latch is closed fully over the catch. 1. Hold the upper ends of the handrails. Place one foot on the base as shown. 2. Tilt the treadmill back until it rolls freely on the front wheels. Carefully move the treadmill to the desired loca- tion. Never move the treadmill without tipping it back, or the base pads may come off. To reduce the risk of injury, use extreme caution while moving the tread- mill. Do not move the treadmill over an uneven surface. 3. Place one foot on the base, and carefully lower the tread- mill until it is resting in the storage position. Storage Latch Engaged Catch Base Front Wheels HOW TO LOWER THE TREADMILL FOR USE 1. Hold the upper end of the treadmill with your right hand as shown. Using your left thumb, press the storage latch and hold it. Pivot the treadmill until the frame and foot rail are past the storage latch. Storage Latch Unlatched 2. Hold the treadmill firmly with both hands, and lower the treadmill to the floor. To decrease the possibility of in- jury, bend your legs and keep your back straight. TROUBLE-SHOOTING Most treadmill problems can be solved by following the simple steps below. Find the symptom that applies, and follow the steps listed. If further assistance is needed, call our toll-free HELPLINE at 1-800-736-6879, Monday through Saturday, 7 a.m. until 7 p.m. Central Time (excluding holidays). 1. SYMPTOM: THE POWER DOES NOT TURN ON a. Make sure that the power cord is plugged into a surge suppressor, and that the surge suppressor is plugged into a properly grounded outlet (see page 7). Use only a single-outlet surge suppressor that is UL 1449 listed as a transient voltage surge suppressor (TVSS). The surge suppressor must have a UL suppressed voltage rating of 400 volts or less and a minimum surge dissipation of 450 joules. The surge suppressor must be electrically rated for 120 volts AC and 15 amps. b. After the power cord has been plugged in, make sure that the key is fully inserted into the console. See step 1 on page 9. c. Check the circuit breaker located on the treadmill near the power cord. If the switch protrudes as shown, the circuit breaker has tripped. To reset the circuit breaker, wait for five minutes and then press the switch back in. Tripped Reset Tripped Reset 2. SYMPTOM: THE POWER TURNS OFF DURING USE a. Check the circuit breaker located on the treadmill frame near the power cord (see 1. c. above). If the circuit breaker has tripped, wait for five minutes and then press the switch back in. b. Make sure that the power cord is plugged in. c. Remove the key from the console. Reinsert the key fully into the console. See step 1 on page 9. d. If the treadmill still will not run, please call our toll-free HELPLINE. 3. SYMPTOM: THE DISPLAYS OF THE CONSOLE DO NOT FUNCTION PROPERLY a. Check the batteries in the console. See BATTERY INSTALLATION on page 8. Most problems are the result of drained batteries. b. Remove the six screws from the hood. Carefully remove the hood. Locate the Reed Switch (86) and the Magnet (87) on the left side of the Pulley (85). Turn the Pulley until the Magnet is aligned with the Reed Switch. Make sure that the gap between the Magnet and the Reed Switch is about 1/8". If necessary, loosen the Screw (35) and move the Reed Switch slightly. Retighten the Screw. Re-attach the hood, and run the treadmill for a few minutes to check for a correct speed reading. 1/8" Top View 4. SYMPTOM: THE WALKING BELT SLOWS WHEN WALKED ON a. Use only a UL-listed surge protector, rated at 15 amps, with a 14-gauge cord of five feet or less in length. b. If the walking belt is overtightened, treadmill performance may decrease and the walking belt may be permanently damaged. Remove the key and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD. Using the allen wrench, turn both rear roller adjustment bolts counterclock- wise, 1/4 of a turn. When the walking belt is properly tightened, you should be able to lift each side of the walking belt 2 to 3 inches off the walking platform. Be careful to keep the walking belt centered. Plug in the power cord, insert the key and run the treadmill for a few minutes. Repeat until the walking belt is prop- erly tightened. 2"-3" Rear Roller Adjustment Bolts c. If the walking belt still slows when walked on, please call our toll-free HELPLINE. 5. SYMPTOM: THE WALKING BELT IS OFF-CENTER WHEN WALKED ON a. If the walking belt has shifted to the left, first remove the key and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD. Using the allen wrench, turn the left rear roller adjustment bolt clockwise, and the right bolt coun- terclockwise, 1/4 of a turn each. Be careful not to overtighten the walking belt. Plug in the power cord, insert the key and run the treadmill for a few minutes. Repeat until the walking belt is cen- tered. b. If the walking belt has shifted to the right, first remove the key and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD. Using the allen wrench, turn the left rear roller adjustment bolt counterclockwise, and the right bolt clockwise, 1/4 of a turn each. Be careful not to over- tighten the walking belt. Plug in the power cord, insert the key and run the treadmill for a few minutes. Repeat until the walking belt is centered. c. If the walking belt slips when walked on, first remove the key and UNPLUG THE POWER CORD. Using the allen wrench, turn both rear roller adjustment bolts clockwise, 1/4 of a turn. When the walking belt is correctly tightened, you should be able to lift each side of the walking belt 2 to 3 inches off the walking platform. Be careful to keep the walking belt centered. Plug in the power cord, insert the key and run the treadmill for a few minutes. Repeat until the walking belt is properly tightened. 6. SYMPTOM: THE INCLINE SYSTEM STICKS a. Raise the treadmill to the storage position. See HOW TO FOLD THE TREADMILL FOR STORAGE on page 10. Pivot the incline leg several times to break in the incline system. CONDITIONING GUIDELINES WARNING: Before beginning this or any exercise program, consult your physician. This is especially important for in- dividuals over the age of 35 or individuals with pre-existing health problems. The following guidelines will help you to plan your ex- ercise program. Remember-these are general guide- lines only. For more detailed exercise information, ob- tain a reputable book or consult your physician. EXERCISE INTENSITY Whether your goal is to burn fat or to strengthen your cardiovascular system, the key to achieving the de- sired results is to exercise with the proper intensity. The proper intensity level can be found by using your heart rate as a guide. The chart below shows recom- mended heart rates for fat burning and aerobic exer- cise. (This chart is also found on the console.) To find the proper heart rate for you, first find your age on the left side of the chart (ages are rounded off to the nearest ten years). Next, find the three numbers to the right of your age. The three numbers are your "training zone." The lower two numbers are recom- mended heart rates for fat burning; the higher number is the recommended heart rate for aerobic exercise. Fat Burning To burn fat effectively, you must exercise at a relatively low intensity level for a sustained period of time. During the first few minutes of exercise, your body uses easily accessible carbohydrate calories for energy. Only after the first few minutes does your body begin to use stored fat calories for energy. If your goal is to burn fat, adjust the speed and incline of the treadmill until your heart rate is near one of the lower two numbers in your training zone. It may also be helpful to set the speed control on the console to FAT BURN to help you main- tain the proper intensity level. (See page 9.) Aerobic Exercise If your goal is to strengthen your cardiovascular sys- tem, your exercise must be "aerobic." Aerobic exercise is activity that requires large amounts of oxygen for prolonged periods of time. This increases the demand on the heart to pump blood to the muscles, and on the lungs to oxygenate the blood. For aerobic exercise, adjust the speed and incline of the treadmill until your heart rate is near the highest number in your training zone. It may also be helpful to set the speed control on the console to AEROBIC to help you maintain the proper intensity level. (See page 9.) High Performance Athletic Conditioning If your goal is high performance athletic conditioning, set the speed control on the console to PERFOR- MANCE to help you maintain the proper intensity level. (See page 9.) Note: During the first few weeks of your exercise program, keep your heart rate near the low end of your training zone. HOW TO MEASURE YOUR HEART RATE To measure your heart rate, stop ex- ercising and place two fingers on your wrist as shown. Take a six- second heartbeat count, and multiply the result by ten to find your heart rate. (A six-second count is used because your heart rate drops quickly when you stop exercising.) If your heart rate is too high or too low, adjust the speed or in- cline of the treadmill accordingly. WORKOUT GUIDELINES A well-rounded workout includes the following three important parts: A Warm-up Start each workout with 5 to 10 minutes of stretching and light exercise (see SUGGESTED STRETCHES on page 15). A proper warm-up increases your body temperature, heart rate, and circulation in preparation for exercise. Training Zone Exercise After warming up, increase the intensity of your exer- cise until your pulse is in your training zone for 20 to 60 minutes. (During the first few weeks of your exer- cise program, do not keep your pulse in your training zone for longer than 20 minutes.) Breathe regularly and deeply as you exercise-never hold your breath. A Cool-down to cool down. This will increase the flexibility of your muscles and will help to prevent post-exercise problems. Exercise Frequency To maintain or improve your condition, complete three workouts each week, with at least one day of rest be- tween workouts. After a few months, you may com- plete up to five workouts each week if desired. Finish each workout with 5 to 10 minutes of stretching The key to success is to make exercise a regular and enjoyable part of your everyday life. SUGGESTED STRETCHES The correct form for several basic stretches is shown in the drawings below. Move slowly as you stretch-never bounce. 1. Toe Touch Stretch Stand with your knees bent slightly and slowly bend forward from your hips. Allow your back and shoulders to relax as you reach down toward your toes as far as possible. Hold for 15 counts, then relax. Repeat 3 times. Stretches: Hamstrings, back of knees, and back. 2. Hamstring Stretch Sit with one leg extended. Bring the sole of the opposite foot toward you and rest it against the inner thigh of your extended leg. Reach toward your toes as far as possible. Hold for 15 counts, then relax. Repeat 3 times for each leg. Stretches: Hamstrings, lower back, and groin. 3. Calf/Achilles Stretch With one leg in front of the other, reach forward and place your hands against a wall. Keep your back leg straight and your back foot flat on the floor. Bend your front leg, lean forward and move your hips toward the wall. Hold for 15 counts, then relax. Repeat 3 times for each leg. To cause further stretching of the achilles tendons, bend your back leg as well. Stretches: Calves, achilles tendons, and ankles. 4. Quadriceps Stretch With one hand against a wall for balance, reach back and grasp one foot with your other hand. Bring your heel as close to your buttocks as possible. Hold for 15 counts, then relax. Repeat 3 times for both legs. Stretches: Quadriceps and hip muscles. 5. Inner Thigh Stretch Sit with the soles of your feet together and your knees outward. Pull your feet toward your groin area as far as possible. Hold for 15 counts, then relax. Repeat 3 times. Stretches: Quadriceps and hip muscles. PART LIST-Model No. 831.297140 R0198A Key No. Qty. Description Key No. Qty. Description 11* 19* Key/Clip Handrail Cage Nut Ratchet Screw Rear Isolator Screw Console Base Speed Control Knob Speed Potentiometer Battery Cover 7 1/2" Cable Tie Console Assembly Storage Latch Base Screw/Latch Screw Upright Base Handrail Bolt Washer Motor Belt Motor Swivel Nut Motor/Pulley/Flywheel/Fan Pulley/Flywheel/Fan Motor Motor Tension Bolt Motor Tension Washer Motor Tension Star Washer Motor Swivel Bolt Upright Wire Harness Ground Wire Screw Hood Hood Shield Screw Latch Decal Handrail Screw Frame Pivot Bolt Extension Leg Screw Electronics Screw Base Pad Wheel Bolt Wheel Wheel Nut Controller Extension Leg Circuit Breaker Power Cord Grommet Power Cord Upright Spacer Isolator Belly Pan Fastener Choke Motor Locknut Belt Guide Belly Pan Releasable Tie Cable Tie Clamp Motor Belly Pan 11 1/2" Cable Tie 8" Cable Tie Incline Leg Spacer (long) Incline Leg Bolt Ratchet Screw Ratchet Spring Ratchet Solid Isolator Incline Leg Spacer Incline Wheel Bolt Incline Wheel Incline Wheel Nut Incline Leg Plate Ground Wire Incline Leg Upright Pivot Washer Rear Roller Adj. Bolt Rear Roller Endcap Allen Wrench Adhesive Clip Left Foot Rail Rear Roller Platform Screw Latch Catch Walking Platform Walking Belt Front Roller Adjustment Bolt Shock Right Foot Rail Sensor Clip Front Roller/Pulley Reed Switch Magnet Console Wire Harness Frame Console Screw Hood Screw Treadmill Mat 4" Cable Tie 14" Wire Harness 9" Black Wire, Male/Female User's Manual * Includes all parts shown in the box # These parts are not illustrated 7 6 Model No. 831.297140 QUESTIONS? If you find that: • you need help assembling or operating the LIFESTYLER® EXPANSE 600 TL treadmill • a part is missing The model number and serial number of your LIFESTYLER® EXPANSE 600 treadmill are listed on a decal attached to the frame. See the front cover of this manual to find the location of the decal. All replacement parts are available for immediate purchase or special order when you visit your nearest SEARS Service Center. To request service or to order parts by telephone, call the toll-free numbers listed at the left. When requesting help or service, or ordering parts, please be prepared to provide the following information: • The NAME OF THE PRODUCT (LIFESTYLER® EXPANSE 600 • or you need to schedule repair treadmill) • The MODEL NUMBER OF THE PRODUCT (831.297140) • The KEY NUMBER AND DESCRIPTION OF THE PART (see the EXPLODED DRAWING and PART LIST included in this manual) service call our toll-free HELPLINE 1-800-736-6879 Monday-Saturday, 7 am-7 pm Central Time (excluding holidays) REPLACEMENT PARTS If parts become worn and need to be replaced, call the following toll-free number 1-800-FON-PART (1-800-366-7278) FULL 90 DAY WARRANTY For 90 days from the date of purchase, if failure occurs due to defect in material or workmanship in this SEARS TREADMILL EXERCISER, contact the nearest SEARS Service Center throughout the United States and SEARS will repair or replace the TREADMILL EXERCISER, free of charge. This warranty does not apply when the TREADMILL EXERCISER is used commercially or for rental pur- poses. This warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state. SEARS, ROEBUCK AND CO., DEPT. 817WA, HOFFMAN ESTATES, IL 60179 Part No. 144019 H00150-C R0198A Printed in USA © 1998 Sears, Roebuck and Co.