DU Ad Platform Registration Agreement 1. General Rules 1.1 DAPP's DU Ad Platform (hereinafter referred to as the "DU Ad platform")is focused on online advertisement services ("Service"). A one-stop service platform for Developers ("Developers"), aims to create an open, co-operative, win-win concept together with Developers and Advertisers to build a healthy ecosystem. The DU Ad Platform provides relevant technical service among Advertiser, DU Ad Platform and Developers who through registration to obtain Service. Developers can create, develop, research and upload Apps by accepting this DU Ad Platform Registration Agreement ("Agreement"). 1.2 Developers should agree to the terms of this Agreement according to prompts on the page to complete the registration procedure. By clicking "agree", the Developer agrees with DAPP Global Limited 's ("DAPP"), terms under this Agreement. DAPP and the Developer shall hereinafter be referred to as "Parties". 1.3 After successful registration, DAPP will give the Developer an account and password. The Developer is responsible for the custody of the account and password. The Developer is liable for all activities and events that the Developer conducts under its account and password on the DU Ad Platform. 1.4 When the Developer uses the DU Ad Platform, the Developer is deemed to agree to this Agreement, the terms of service and various bulletin issued by DAPP in respect of the DU Ad Platform and the services available thereunder. 1.5 This Agreement and any other terms of services and various bulletin issued by DAPP in respect of the DU Ad Platform can be updated by DAPP at any time without prior notice to the Developer. 1.6 The Developer will also be required to agree to the DU Ad Platform Service Agreement for use of services on the DU Ad Platform. The Developer who uses such services should pay close attention and comply with the relevant provisions of the DU Ad Platform Service Agreement. Before using the services, the Developer should read and pay full attention to the relevant DU Ad Platform Service Agreement. If the Developer disagrees with the relevant DU Ad Platform Service Agreement or any changes made thereto (which shall be at the discretion of DAPP and shall not require any prior notice to the Developer), the Developer should apply for withdrawal from all the DU Ad Platform related services, however, if the Developer uses or continues to use the DU Ad Platform services, it shall be deemed as consent by the Developer to the contents of the relevant DU Ad Platform Service Agreement, including any modiﬁcation(s) to the DU Ad Platform Service Agreement at any time. 2. Registration Information and Privacy 2.1 The Developer's account (including the login ID and the password and other information related to the Developer) is owned by DAPP. After the Developer completes the registration formalities, the Developer will receive an e-mail sent by DAPP. The Developer should provide timely, accurate and detailed personal information, and constantly update registration information, with timely, detailed and accurate requirements. All original information will be used for registration. If the registered information is false, DAPP shall not be held responsible or liable for any issues that may arise in this regard. 2.2 The Developer should not transfer or lend the account and password details to third parties. If the Developer ﬁnds out that the account was illegally used by a third party, the Developer shall immediately notify DAPP by sending an e-mail to duadplatform@gmail.com. DAPP does not take any responsibility of illegal use of the Developer's account on the DU Ad Platform by any third party due to hacking or negligent storage by the Developer. 2.3 DAPP does not share, disclose, make available or transfer Developers' registration information to any third party, unless:(i) DAPP has been authorized by the Developer to do so; (ii) such disclosure of personal information is required to obtain the products or services which the Developer has requested; (iii) such disclosure is in accordance with the requirements of the relevant laws and regulations; (iv) such disclosure is required by any government department; (v) to safeguard the rights and interests of DAPP. 2.4 DAPP will receive the Developer's information when the Developer: (i) creates a DU Ad Platform account; (ii) uses products or services on the DU Ad Platform; (iii) participates in sales promotion and/or any event promoted by DAPP or any third party authorized by DAPP. Such data will be used to improve the product and services made available on the DU Ad Platform. 2.5 The Developer understands that if the Developer or the Developer's App collects, uses, shares or stores any data or personal information of the users, the Developer is required to implement and comply with applicable privacy and security standards and such standards should provide the same level of security as provided by DAPP's privacy policy. 2.6 The Developer clearly understands that in order to protect the privacy of the users, the Developer is prohibited from sharing, disclosing or transferring, any data or personal information of the users available on the DU Ad Platform with any third party without prior consent of the users. 2.7 When requested by DAPP, the Developer should immediately provide speciﬁc information, in order to: (i) protect or maintain DAPP's, DU Ad Platform's or its employees', agents' and contractor's legal rights or property (including the execution of the agreement); (ii) protect DU Ad Platform user's safety or public safety including take corresponding measures in case of an emergency); (iii) prevent fraud or risk management; or (iv) comply with the law, regulations and legal procedure. 3. Usage Rules 3.1 For use of the services made available on the DU Ad Platform, the Developer must comply with the relevant provisions of the laws and regulations of Hong Kong. The Developer hereby agrees that the Developer will not use the DU Ad Platform service(s) for any illegal or improper activities, including but not limited to the following acts: (i) upload, host, display, modify, post, publish, distribute, update, share or transmit in other manner any information which: (a) belongs to another person and to which the Developer does not have any right to; (b) is grossly harmful, harassing, blasphemous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, pedophilic, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, hateful or racially, ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatsoever; © harms minors in any way; (d) infringes any patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights; (e) violates any law for the time being in force; (f) deceives or misleads the addressee about the origin of such messages or communicates any information which is grossly oﬀensive or menacing in nature; (g) impersonates another person; (h) contains software viruses or any other computer code, ﬁles or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource; (i) threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognizable oﬀence or prevents investigation of any oﬀence or is insulting any other nation; (j) endangers national security, leaks state secrets, subverts state power, undermines national unity; (k) harms national honor and interests; (l) undermines national religious policy, promoting cults and superstitions; (m) spreads rumors, disturbs social order, undermine social stability; (n) spreads violence, murder, terrorism; (ii) use the network service system for any illegal purpose; and (iii) use the DU Ad Platform services to engage in any of the following activities: (a) enter the computer information networks or use of computer information network resources without permission; (b) delete, modify or add the computer information network function without permission; © delete, modify or add the processing or transmission of data and applications of the computer information network memory without permission; (d) intentionally make and spread computer viruses and other destructive programs; (e) cause any other harm to computer information network security. 3.2 In the event that the Developer violates or breaches this Agreement or regulations of related services leading to or resulting in any claims, demands or losses from any third parties, including attorney's fees, the Developer shall resolve such disputes with the third party on its own, and the Developer shall also pay compensation for direct/ indirect losses and damages to DAPP and any associate company of DAPP. DAPP has the right, including but not limited to, to delete the Developer's released information/ content/ App, suspend the license granted to the Developer, end the services provided to the Developer, impose restrictions on the use including terminate access or usage rights immediately, retrieve the DU Ad Platform account, and investigate for legal responsibility in case the Developer violates or breaches this Agreement. If the Developer registers with the DU Ad Platform in order to engage in illegal activities, create disturbance, harass, deceive other Developers and cause any other violation of the terms of this Agreement, DAPP shall have the right to retrieve such Developer accounts, and in the interim, DAPP will act according to the directions of the relevant governmental authorities in India. 3.3 The Developer shall not duplicate, copy, sell, resell any part of the DU Ad Platform services or use the DU Ad Platform for any other commercial purpose. 3.4 The Developer will be required to bear the legal responsibility consequent to use of the DU Ad Platform services. The Developer will assume legal liability including but not limited to: compensating the victims, and bearing the administrative penalties or tort liability for damages that DAPP may be charged with due to the acts of the Developer on the DU Ad Platform. 4. Services 4.1 The services provided by DAPP on the DU Ad Platform may be changed, altered or revised in any manner whatsoever by DAPP at its sole discretion. 4.2 Unless otherwise expressly stated in this Agreement, all other related services, new services, new product or new features that DAPP launches will be regulated by this Agreement. 4.3 To use the DU Ad Platform services, Developers should be competent and be legally allowed to access Internet services. In addition, Developers must be equipped with its own equipment necessary to connect to the internet services including a computer, data machine or other access device. 4.4 The Developer agrees that DAPP has the right without prior notice, to change, interrupt or terminate part or all of the network service at any time. DAPP does not guarantee the stability, timeliness, accuracy or safety of network services and shall not be responsible for the same or for any liability arising therefrom. 4.5 DAPP needs to regularly update/ maintain/ repair the DU Ad Platform platform or associated equipment, and as a result, the DU Ad Platform may be interrupted for a reasonable time. DAPP reserves the rights to repair, maintain, upgrade or suspend any part of the DU Ad Platform without prior notice to the Developer. 4.6 The Developer agrees that the risk of use of the DU Ad Platform services will be assumed entirely by the Developer. The Developer understands and accepts all risks involved in obtaining any information from the DU Ad Platform, including any system damage, data loss and any other risks and that DAPP shall not be responsible for the same or for any liability arising therefrom. 4.7 DAPP has the right to temporarily or permanently modify or terminate the DU Ad Platform Service (or any part thereof) at any time, regardless of any prior notice. DAPP does not assume any responsibility or liability to the Developer and/ or any third parties in such case. 4.8 The Developer agrees that DAPP's decision to terminate the Developer's account usage/ access or ban the Developers from using the DU Ad Platform (or any part of the service) or removal or deletion of any Developer's content from the DU Ad Platform can be for any reason, including but not limited to cheating or breach of the Agreement by the Developer. Under this Agreement, the Developer agrees that DAPP can suspend or terminate the related services with/without prior notice. The Developer acknowledges and agrees that, DAPP can immediately close or delete the account and all account's relevant information and documents, and/ or ban from use the aforementioned ﬁle or related DU Ad Platform service on account of any reason whatsoever. In addition, the Developer agrees that DAPP or any third party does not bear any responsibility to the Developer if the Developer is banned from using the DU Ad services or the Developer account and related information and documents are closed or deleted. 5. Intellectual property and other legitimate rights and interests 5.1 DAPP respects intellectual property rights and legal rights of others and urges the Developer to show the same respect to intellectual property rights and legitimate rights and interests of others. If the Developer believes that the intellectual property rights or other legitimate rights and interests are violated/ infringed, the Developer must provide DAPP a written notice relating to such violation/ infringement as per section 5.3 below. The Developer hereby acknowledges that the App(s) developed or uploaded by the Developer will not infringe the intellectual property rights of any third party in any manner whatsoever. 5.2 The written notice to be issued by the Developer must meet the following requirements: (i) contain the Developers' physical or electronic signature; (ii) identify the copyrighted work alleged to have been infringed; (iii) identify the allegedly infringing material in a suﬃciently precise manner to allow DAPP to locate that material; (iv) contain adequate information by which DAPP can contact the Developer (including postal address, telephone number, and e-mail address); (v) contain a statement that the Developer has a good faith belief that the use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, the copyright owner's agent, or the law; (vi) contain a statement that the information in the written notice is accurate; and (vii) contain a statement, under penalty of perjury, that the Developer is authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner. The Developer should send the above information to duadplatfo rm@gmail.com 5.3 DAPP holds copyright(s) of the information available on the DU Ad Platform. Any authorized browsing, copying, printing and dissemination of the information and data belonging to the DU Ad Platform must meet the following conditions: (i) the purpose of obtaining all data and images is for information; (ii) the information and data shall not be used for commercial purposes; (iii) all data, image and any of its parts must include a copyright notice as follows: (a) All products, technologies, all programs on the website e.duapps.com belong to DAPP; (b) "DAPP", "DU Ad Platform" and related graphics are registered trademarks and without DAPP's permission, no third party can use (including but not limited to, copy, communicate, display, upload, download or use in any illegal manner) such trademarks, failing which DAPP may initiate appropriate legal action. 6. Other 6.1 This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of [ ], without regard to choice of law principles. Should a dispute arise between the Parties in connection with this Agreement, the Parties shall attempt to resolve such dispute through friendly consultations between themselves. If, however, the dispute cannot be resolved after commencement of such friendly consultations, then the Parties agree that such and all disputes arising from the implementation of or in connection with this Agreement, including questions regarding its existence, validity or termination, shall be settled, referred to and ﬁnally resolved by the Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre ("HKIAC"), under its Rules of Arbitration for the time being in force, which rules are deemed to be incorporated by reference to this section. The arbitration shall be conducted in English by three (3) arbitrators from the then existing HKIAC list of arbitrators where each Party shall appoint one (1) arbitrator and these two (2) shall appoint a third arbitrator. The award shall be ﬁnal and binding on both Parties. Expenses of the arbitrator(s) shall be divided equally between the Parties. 6.2 The Parties shall keep conﬁdential all information relating to the arbitration, including without limitation, the existence of arbitration proceedings (or the possibility thereof), the proceedings themselves, all statements given or made during the course of the proceedings, all documents and other information submitted by parties in connection with the proceedings, all documents and other information issued by the arbitrator and/or the arbitration centre and the arbitral award. Nothing herein shall be deemed to limit the parties' rights to seek interim injunctive relief from any court to prevent or curtail any breach of this Agreement. 6.3 The failure of DAPP to exercise any right or provision of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of this Agreement is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, the Parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give eﬀect to the Parties' intentions as reﬂected in the provision, and the other provisions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and eﬀect. This Agreement, together with all applicable other agreements, as they may each be amended from time to time by DAPP, constitute the entire agreement between DAPP and the Developer, regarding their subject matter and supersede all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings, whether written or oral. The proprietary rights, disclaimer of warranties, indemnities, limitations of liability and general provisions shall survive any termination of this Agreement. 6.4 Questions, Suggestions and Complaints If you have any questions or suggestions, please contact us at duadplatform@gmail.com. If you have any complaints about a possible breach of applicable laws please direct your questions or concerns to the Grievance Oﬃcer by email: [duadplatform@gmail.com]. The Grievance Oﬃcer will expeditiously redress the concerns or grievances of the providers of information within a period of thirty (90) days from the date of receipt of the grievance.