HUAWEI Image Kit Service Agreement Effective Date: October 16, 2020 Agreement on Use of Huawei APIs The following terms (hereinafter referred to as this "Agreement") constitute a legally binding agreement between you and Huawei regarding the HUAWEI Image Kit Service. It is a supplementary agreement to the signed by and between you and Huawei, which is itself supplementary to the HUAWEI Developer Service Agreement . This Agreement stipulates your legal rights and obligations when using the HUAWEI Image Kit Service. By checking the box next to "I have read and agreed" in the AppGallery Connect agreement pop-up window to agree to all applicable agreements to AppGallery Connect services (including this Agreement), or by checking the box next to "I have read and agreed to HUAWEI Image Kit Service Agreement" below this Agreement, or by using the HUAWEI Image Kit Service under this Agreement, it shall be deemed that you have fully understood and accepted the terms of HUAWEI Developer Service Agreement Agreement on this Agreement, the Use of Huawei APIs as of the date of your such acceptance and use ("Effective Date"). Any and all matters unaccomplished herein shall be subject to the HUAWEI Developer and the . If you do not agree to Service Agreement HUAWEI Developer Agreement on Use of Huawei APIs this Agreement, the Service Agreement , you shall stop using the services under the respective agreement(s). Agreement on Use of Huawei APIs , or the , and the 1. Definitions Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, the terms in this Agreement shall have the and the same meaning as those in the Agreement on Use of Huawei APIs . Unless otherwise stated, the following terms are defined herein as below: HUAWEI Developer Service Agreement 1.1 "Image Kit" or "HUAWEI Image Kit Service" means the image processing kit provided by Huawei for Developers to develop various apps based on image design and editing capabilities. 1.2 "SDK" means a basic app development kit provided by HUAWEI Image Kit Service. 2. Rights and Obligations 2.1 Your rights and obligations (1) You may use this Service through the SDK to optimize the user interface (UI) of apps, or develop apps which can provide image design and editing functions for End Users. You may only use the Service in your app. Huawei has assigned App ID, App Secret, and API Key to your app in order to identify your app. You shall keep such items Secret, and API Key to your app in order to identify your app. You shall keep such items secure. You hereby agree not to share your App ID, App Secret, or API Key with any third party (including its affiliates) or sub-license any third party (including its affiliates) to use your App ID, App Secret, or API Key. (2) Before you upload any Personal Data through the Service, including but not limited to images and texts, you must ensure that your collection, use, transmission, and processing of such data comply with any and all applicable laws, including but not limited to laws of intellectual property rights, privacy, and personal data protection. (3) You warrant and undertake that you will not abuse the Service, use any service result you obtain from the Service for any unauthorized purposes, or use the service results to create any database or create any derivative work or sub-license such database or work to any third party, or sell or share them with any third party or use them for any illegal purposes. (4) You warrant and undertake that you will not use Image Kit for any illegal, immoral, obscene, pornographic, offensive, defamatory, or any other improper purposes. (5) You warrant and undertake that you will not encapsulate, re-distribute, or re-sell any part of the Service, or sub-license any access to the APIs of the Service, except through your apps that End Users use. (6) When you use the SDK Service, Huawei will collect the necessary API calling data for service usage analysis and improvement. The collected data includes but is not limited to Unique Device Identifier (UDID), APK version, app name, country code of the area where an API is called, device model that calls the API, client EMUI version, Android version, API call type, name and version of the used algorithm model, caller's package name, app ID, open capability or sub-capability ID, API call result, API response latency, transaction ID, carrier ID, and network connection type. (7) The Service is not available in every country and region, and Huawei makes no guarantee that it can be used in a specific location. You must choose the scope of use of the Service at your own discretion and comply with any and all applicable laws, including but not limited to any local laws. 2.2 Huawei's rights and obligations (1) Huawei reserves the right to terminate or restrict your use of the Service. (2) Huawei has the right to update the SDKs of the Service. Huawei complies with the software design principle of ensuring compatibility whenever possible. However, under certain circumstances, you may need to modify or update your apps before using the updated SDKs. You shall bear all costs incurred for making such modifications or updated SDKs. You shall bear all costs incurred for making such modifications or updates to your apps. (3) If the Service has to be suspended for system maintenance or in order for Huawei to update the SDKs, Huawei will do its best to notify you of such a suspension on the Website as early as possible. Huawei does not promise to provide the Service without interruptions or delays. Huawei shall not bear liability for any losses incurred upon you therefrom. (4) To improve Huawei's products and services, Huawei has the right to monitor the use of APIs to ensure quality and verify a Developer's compliance with the relevant terms. (5) Huawei may collect diagnostic information about your use of the Service to help improve it. 3. Privacy 3.1 Huawei will act as your data processor and process End Users' Personal Data in (which is an accordance with the integral part of this Agreement and the ) when you use the Image Kit Service. AppGallery Connect Data Processing Addendum HUAWEI Developer Service Agreement 3.2 End User Data Privacy Requirements In order to protect the privacy relating to the data uploaded by End Users, and given the Privacy Protection terms in the , you shall ensure that your app (i) notifies End Users in advance of the types of data you collect, such as texts and pictures, from End Users or End Users' devices, and (ii) does not process any of End Users' data unless it obtains explicit revocable consent from End Users. Agreement on Use of Huawei APIs 4. Termination of This Agreement 4.1 If either Party terminates the Agreement on Use of Huawei APIs the same date. HUAWEI Developer Service Agreement or the , this Agreement shall automatically terminate on 4.2 You may terminate this Agreement by disabling Image Kit and the Service for all your apps. 4.3 If Huawei decides to discontinue the Service, or to make major changes to it, Huawei has the right to terminate this Agreement after informing you in advance. 4.4 The termination of this Agreement does not entail the automatic termination of the Agreement on Use of Huawei APIs HUAWEI Developer Service Agreement signed by and between you and Huawei. and 5. Distribution Area and Signing Huawei Entity You acknowledge and agree that the provisions regarding the distribution area and the signing Huawei entity under this Agreement shall be subject to the Clause of Agreement on Use of Huawei APIs "Contracting Entity" in the 6. Governing Law and Dispute Resolution You acknowledge and agree that the provisions regarding the governing law and dispute resolution under this Agreement shall be subject to the Clause of "Governing Law and Dispute Resolution" in the HUAWEI Developer Service Agreement