GreenIQ Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy explains how GreenIQ collects and uses data. If not otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms have the meaning given to them in the GreenIQ Terms of Use, which is available at <http://greeniq.co/documentation.htm> (the "Terms"). GreenIQ respects your right to privacy. Your ability to make informed choices about the uses of your information is important to us. This Privacy Policy explains GreenIQ's policies regarding the collection, use, disclosure and protection of any information we receive. Information We Collect In order to use our Garden Computer and Services, you will be required to register and provide us with certain Personal Information such as your name and email address. We also collect your geo-location information at the time of registration for the purposes of providing you with location-based Services in connection with the Garden Computer. We also collect Personal Information when you make use of the Site and Services (such as in uploading photos of your property and garden), program or use the Garden Computer or when you subscribe to our newsletter or fill out an account management form. In order to enable payment for Services and/or the Garden Computer, we collect and store billing and credit card information. "Personal Information" means information that can be directly associated with a specific person or entity such as a name, address, telephone number, email address, credit card number and expiration date, or information about activities directly linked to a person, such as that person's location. It is your voluntary decision whether to provide us with any such Personal Information, but if you refuse to provide such information we may not be able to register you to use the Garden Computer and the Services. We also collect certain information that is not Personal Information, such your browsing history on the Site or when you use the Garden Computer and/or Service. In addition, when you use the Site, Garden Computer and/or the Services certain information may be automatically gathered about your device or computer, such as the version of your operating system or browser. Additionally, we collect information when you contact us. How we Protect Information We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. We will delete any information provided to us by a user upon the receipt of a written request by such user. We cannot restore information that we have deleted. How we Use Information Except as expressly set forth herein, we will not share your Personal Information with third parties without your explicit permission, except when required by law, regulation, subpoena or court order or in order to cooperate with an investigation by a law enforcement body. We may use Personal Information internally - for example, to help diagnose problems with our servers, to make our Site, Services and/or Garden Computer more useful, or to customize GreenIQ and personalize its content for you. We use the payment and credit card information that you provide in order to process your orders of our Garden Computer and/or Services. We use the information that you provide in order to subscribe to our newsletter in order to send you the newsletter. We use your geo-location information in order to provide you with location-based Services. We do not use your geo-location information in order to track your whereabouts. We allow you to upload property and garden photos in order to make it easier for you to distinguish between the irrigation zones on your property. We do not use these photos for other purposes or share or disclose these photos with any other party. We use the Data collected from the use of the Garden Computer and/or by means of the Service in order to provide you with irrigation and light control services. We may share your Personal Information with members of our corporate family, or third party vendors or service providers, such as email service providers sending emails on our behalf and/or such as credit card processing companies billing for goods. We may also authorize third party vendors or service providers to collect information on our behalf. We will require members of our corporate family and third party vendors to follow practices that protect your privacy rights on a level at least as restrictive as the practices described in this Privacy Policy. In addition, by analyzing all information we receive, including all information concerning users, including Data collected from the use of the Garden Computer by means of the Service we may compile statistical information across a variety of platforms and users ("Statistical Information"). Statistical Information helps understand trends and customer needs so that new products and services can be considered and so existing products and services can be tailored to customer desires. Statistical Information is anonymous and we will not link Statistical Information to any Personal Information. We may share such Statistical Information with our partners, without restriction, on commercial terms that we can determine in our sole discretion. We may provide non-Personal Information that we receive to Google Analytics in order to receive an analysis of the use of our Site and Services. User Content and Feedback When you upload User Content or give feedback of User Content through GreenIQ or through other social media platforms, please remember that any information disclosed in this venue may be automatically made public, and such information will not be considered Personal Information by GreenIQ. Other Users may contact you using the publicly available information from the social media platform. You should exercise caution when disclosing any information (including Personal Information) in such a venue, as you do not know who will access or use such information and for what purposes. Cookies A cookie is a small piece of text that is sent to a visitor's browser. The browser provides this piece of text to the device of the originating visitor when this visitor returns. GreenIQ uses cookies to help personalize your GreenIQ experience. A "persistent" cookie may be used to help save your settings and customizations across site visits. Also, if you log in to GreenIQ, such a cookie will be used to recognize you as a valid user so you will not need to log in each time you use GreenIQ. Most Web browsers are initially configured to accept cookies, but you can change this setting so your browser either refuses all cookies or informs you when a cookie is being sent. Also, you are free to delete any existing cookies at any time. Please note that some features of GreenIQ may not function properly when cookies are disabled or removed. Online Links to Other Sites GreenIQ uses third party payment providers to provide payment services on the Site. We are not affiliated with, and do not have any responsibility for the privacy practices of such third party payment services. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of such third party payment providers. GreenIQ users can link to other websites of third-parties that provide useful information/services. Any personal information you provide on the linked pages is provided directly to this third-party and is subject to that third-party's provider's privacy policy. Except as described above, GreenIQ is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of Web sites to which we link. Links from our site to third-parties or other sites are provided for your convenience. We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of each web site before providing them with personal information. We cannot be held responsible for any third-party Web sites and accessing their content will be subject to their own privacy policies, which again - we advise you to check. Use of GreenIQ by Children GreenIQ does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 14. In the event you become aware that an individual under the age of 14 has enrolled without parental permission, please advise us immediately. Correcting or Updating your Information. We allow you to view the information you provided during registration and to alter any data, inaccuracies or errors. To request such access, or correct, update, or amend your personal information please contact us at: http://greeniq-systems.com/about.html We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services and/or in connection with the Garden Computer. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services, please contact us at the e-mail address listed above. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Communications We may send you email messages about us or our products and services. By accepting the Terms of Service for the Site, Services and/or Garden Computer (including the terms of this Privacy Policy which are incorporated therein) or using the Site, Services and/or Garden Computer, you affirmatively consent to receive such commercial messages. As a registered member, you can remove your personal information from our mailing list and stop receiving future communication from us by following the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each communication or by emailing us at info@greeniq.co. You will also be given the opportunity to unsubscribe from commercial messages in any such email we send. Please note that we reserve the right to send you service related communications, including service announcements and administrative messages, relating either to your account or to your transactions on this site, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them unless you cancel your account. Other Uses or Transfer of Your Information We will fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity, behavior or digital content of any user suspected to have engaged in illegal or infringing behavior. We may use subcontractors that are located in countries other than your own, and send them information we receive. For example, we may send your information to any countries outside the United States or the European Economic Area. All our subcontractors will be subject to non-disclosure and non-use obligations. Nevertheless, some countries may have levels of protection of personal and other information which are not as high as in your country of residence or business. We may transfer our databases containing your Personal Information if we sell our business or part of it. Changes GreenIQ may update this Privacy Policy from time to time - we encourage you to review it periodically. Comments and Questions If you have any comments or questions about our privacy policy, please contact us at info@greeniq.co Last updated: January 2015