<Document Title> PRIVACY POLICY 2 0 1 9 Privacy Policy DOCUMENT HISTORY DATE STATUS VERSION REASON NAME 25.05.2018 Published 11.01.2019 Update 1.0 1.1 To comply with the new General Data Protection Regulation Addition of 'Information Security' sub-chapter IT Governance Team IT Governance Team GLOSSARY ACRONYM DEFINITION European Union DOCUMENT CLASSIFICATION PUBLIC DOCUMENT CODE PL23_MS_V1.1_PRIVACY POLICY Privacy Policy Table of Contents 1. Privacy Policy......................................................................................................................................... 4 2. Cookies Policy ....................................................................................................................................... 6 3. Related Documentation ........................................................................................................................ 7 Privacy Policy 1. Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights This Privacy Policy describes your privacy rights regarding our collection, use, storage, and protection of your personal information. It applies to the http://www.TIMWETECH.com/ website (hereinafter "Website"), and all related applications, tools, service and events regardless of how you access or use them. You accept this Privacy Policy when you access to the Website or use any features, technologies, functions or services offered on it. We may amend this policy at any time by posting a revised version on our Website. The revised version will be effective at the time we post it. This policy relates to our privacy practices about this Website and any TIMWETECH Group events. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other websites you may access from any link inserted in the Website. For sake of clarity, any use of the TIMWETECH Group Website automatically comprehends the acceptance of this Privacy Policy. How we collect information about you As a visitor, you do not have to submit any personal information to use the Website. This Website only collects personal information that is specifically and voluntarily provided by visitors. Such information may consist of, but is not limited to, your name, address, email address and telephone. Regarding the Newsletter subscription, with your consent, your name, email and company name, will be properly stored and privately handled, according to the General Data Protection Regulation. The email address you provide for subscription processing, maybe used to send you information and updates pertaining our services, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service info. If at any time, you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each mail. How we use personal information and cookies Our primary purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with a secure and efficient experience. You may provide personal information via this Website, for example, to gain access to specific content, attend a hosted event, respond to a survey, or request communications about specific areas of interest. In such cases, the information you submit will be used to manage your request and to customize and improve this Website and related services offered to you. Nevertheless, we may use your personal information for marketing purposes, or to send you promotional materials or communications regarding services provided by entities within TIMWETECH Group that we feel may be of interest to you. Your personal information may also be used to protect our rights or property and that of our users and, where appropriate, to comply with legal process. This website collects standard internet log information including your IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring website addresses. Privacy Policy How we share personal information with other parties TIMWETECH Group shall not share your personal data with third parties except with government officials, or other third parties pursuant to a court order, or other legal process or requirement applicable to TIMWETECH Group or one of its clients, suppliers and partners; when we need to do so in order to comply with law; or when we believe that the disclosure of personal information is necessary to prevent physical harm or financial loss, to report suspected illegal activity or to investigate violations of our rights. TIMWETECH Group will not sell or rent any of your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes and only shares your personal information with third parties as described in this policy. How we use cookies and technical information To ensure that this Website is well managed and to facilitate improved navigation, we may also use cookies (small text files stored in a user's browser) to collect aggregate data. Additional information on how we use cookies and other tracking technologies and how you can control these can be found in our Cookies Policy. How we protect and store personal information Throughout this policy, we use the term "personal information" to describe information that can be associated with a specific person and can be used to identify that person. We do not consider personal information to include information that has been made anonymous so that it does not identify a specific user. We store and process your personal information on our computers. We protect your information using physical, technical, and administrative security measures to reduce the risks of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure and alteration. According to the 67/98 law of the 26th October - Protection of Personal Data, you can at any time exercise the following rights: 1. Obtain information of all personal data collection; 2. Obtain the access of the confirmation of the data treatment, correction or annulment of data that does not follow the law, in the case of processing of personal data related to the national security and criminal prevention or investigation, the right of access is exercised through the CNPD or another independent authority; 3. Obtain the right to object and oppose, in full or in part, to data processing for legitimate reasons, even if personal data are relevant to the purposes of the data collecting. Information Security All security measures are consistent with international information practices, to protect your personal information. These measures include technical and procedural steps to protect all data from misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, loss, alteration, or destruction. We are fully committed to protect TIMWETECH and our users from unauthorized access to any information we hold. In specific: • We encrypt all our services and applications using VPN SSL; Privacy Policy • We evaluate our information gathering, storage and processing practices, plus physical security measures, to protect against unauthorized access to TIMWETECH systems; • We restrict the access regarding personal information to TIMWETECH employees, contractors and partners, who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations. How we answer visitors' questions If you have any questions or concerns regarding your privacy while using this Website, please contact us. 2. Cookies Policy What are Cookies Cookies and other tracking technologies provide information of the computer used by a visitor to a website. A Cookie is a small text file that is stored in your browser or on your device when you browse a website. It allows the website to remember your device every time you visit it. Cookies are designed to improve your browsing experience in several ways, including helping you to navigate between pages, automatically saving your preferences and making faster and more efficient navigation. Why we use cookies We may eventually use Cookies to distinguish your computer from other computers used by visitors to our website www.TIMWETECH.com (the "Website"). This helps us to provide you an excellent browsing experience on the website, but also allows us to continuously improve our website. If you continue to browse our website, you automatically agree to our use of Cookies. What kind of Cookies we use • Mandatory Cookies: These are Cookies that are necessary for the operation of the website. (For example) include Cookies that enable entering secure areas of the website; • Analytical Cookies: These Cookies allow us to recognize and count the number of website visitors and to see how visitors navigate; Functionality Cookies: These Cookies are used to recognize you when you return to the website. This allows us to customize content for you and remember your preferences; • Cookie Targeting: These Cookies record your visit to the website, the pages you visit and the links you clicked. We may also share this information (in accordance with our Privacy Policy) with third parties for this purpose. Privacy Policy How other parties can use Cookies Please be aware that other third parties may also use Cookies on the website. Unfortunately, we have no control over these Cookies, and these third parties are responsible for creating their own Cookies' policies and privacy. However, you can block Cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or only certain types of Cookies. If you block Cookies (including essential Cookies) you can't access the website or parts of it. 3. Related Documentation PRIVACY POLICY ACCORDING TO THE REGULATION (EU) 2016/679 OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL of 27 April 2016. The present privacy policy is rendered by TIMWETECH Group as a Data Owner according to article 2 number 1 of the 2016/679 OF THE EUROPEAN PARLIAMENT AND OF THE COUNCIL of 27 April 2016.