WELCOME PRIVACY POLICY We're glad you chose to visit or register to a CVOX Events LLC site dba Fintech Americas, ("CVOX") site! We care about your privacy and the information you share with us and want you to understand how we are using and protecting the information we collect about you. We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy from time to time as necessary. We will post a notice on this Website if there are material changes to the Privacy Policy, but you should also check this Website periodically to review the current policy. By continuing to access or use our products, content, and services after those changes become effective, you accept and acknowledge the revised Privacy Policy. USE OF THIS WEBSITE This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect from you and how it may be stored and processed in the United States of America and across the CVOX Network as described below. This website, and associated CVOX events and publications provide products, content, and services for a professional and consumer audience and is not intended for individuals under the age of 13 years old. We do not knowingly collect or store personal data provided by anyone under 13 years of age. WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT Personal Data CVOX collects data about you that is limited to the kind of information that can be found on a typical business card: first name, last name, job title, function, level, employer/company name, type of company, work address, work email, work phone number, country. In some cases, we may ask you to provide additional professional information such as the size of the company you work for, and industry type or specific preferences as per language, interests, hobbies. To enhance and/or update the information that you have provided to us, we may combine it with professional information or personal data that we collect from third party sources. The personal data that we refer to in this document is the personal and professional information you provide, as well as information that we obtain from third party sources, both of which we typically combine as one user record. Cookies This site also collects and stores certain information automatically using cookies and similar technologies, including IP addresses, the region or general location of a computer or device accessing the internet, browser type, operating system, page view history, and other usage information. Cookies are small text files that can be stored on your computer, tablet or mobile device ("Computer") when you visit a website. A cookie will typically contain the name of the originating domain, the lifetime of the cookie, and a randomly generated unique number or other value. Cookies used by CVOX identify you as a unique user by means of a tracking ID. The cookie itself is anonymous and does not contain any personal data, except when such information has been supplied by you, such as when you provide your name and email address when completing a registration form. We use cookies to help you access this Website faster and more efficiently. Cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users, so that we can recognize you each time you visit. Cookies also allow us to store user preferences and provide you with a positive experience when you browse this Website, including enabling you to personalize Website settings. Our marketing partners also collect web viewing data to ensure that you are seeing the most relevant advertising. Unless you set up your internet browser (e.g. Mozilla Firefox or Google Chrome) not to accept cookies, it will accept the use of them. You can always disable cookies in your browser's preferences even if you have consented to the use of cookies in the past. You may also delete cookies stored on your computer at any given time. Please note that disabling cookies may negatively impact your experience with the products, content or services we offer and prevent you from logging in to such products, content or services. HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION We may collect your personal data when you register to receive any of the products, content or services offered by CVOX or its third party sponsors such as publications, subscriptions, contests, newsletters, memberships, premium content, webcasts, podcasts, events, digital conferences, video, white papers, online seminars, conferences and events. Necessity of personal data In order for us to provide the products, content or services you request, we need your personal data. Therefore, if you do not provide such personal data, we cannot deliver the products, content or services. CVOX Network This Website is one of many that CVOX and its group of affiliates operates, all of which we collectively refer to as the CVOX Network. Where permitted by law, we may share the personal data we collect about you with another CVOX Network company so that we can provide you with information about products, content and services that might interest you, and for internal analytical and business development purposes. HOW DO WE SAFEGUARD YOUR PERSONAL DATA? Security of your personal data CVOX maintains safeguards which include technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorized use, access, inadvertent disclosure, alteration, and destruction, and we require the third parties we contract with to support CVOX's business operations to employ reasonable security measures as well (see "When and how we share your personal data with others" below). Storage of your personal data Your personal data may be stored by third parties, via cloud services or other technology, to whom CVOX has contracted with, to support CVOX's business operations (see "When and how we share your personal data with others" below). These third parties do not use or have access to your personal data other than for cloud storage and retrieval, and CVOX requires such parties to employ at least the same level of security that we use to protect your personal data (see "Security of your personal data" above). WHAT WE DO WITH THE PERSONAL DATA WE COLLECT We use the personal data that we collect to communicate with you, deliver what you request, improve our service, and to present other information and business offers that may be of interest. To communicate with you We may use your personal data to send you important notices, such as communications about your registration, transactions, and changes to CVOX's terms, conditions, policies, and/or other internal purposes. To deliver what you request We may use your personal data to provide the products, content or services you request. If you enter a sweepstake, contest, or similar CVOX promotion, we may use your personal data to administer such promotion. To improve our service We may use your personal data for auditing, data analysis, and research to improve CVOX's products, content and services. To present offers that may be of interest to you We may contact you to offer you additional CVOX or third-party products, content or services that may be of interest to you. THE LEGAL BASIS WE HAVE FOR PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL DATA CVOX uses the personal data you provide to supply you with high-quality products, content and services as you request, to send important notices, and for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to provide you with the information you need to make informed decisions about our products, content and services. We may also use your personal data to offer you products, content or services that may be of interest to you, based upon your interests or the preferences you shared with us, and may share your personal data with third party sponsors of content, events, and other business services or offers. The legal basis for processing your personal data is your consent. In certain circumstances we may otherwise process your personal data if CVOX has a legitimate interest in doing so and CVOX is not infringing any of your rights and freedoms. When CVOX processes your personal data for CVOX's legitimate interests, CVOX will consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights under data protection and any other relevant law. Our legitimate business interests do not override your interests. CVOX will not use your personal data in circumstances where your rights and freedoms override our legitimate interests, unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law. WHEN AND HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH OTHERS CVOX may share your personal data to deliver content and services from our sites, affiliated companies and third parties' services that might interest you, including sponsored content and events, for business operations, and to comply with valid legal processes. For content and services that may interest you or that you request As we mentioned above, your personal data may be shared within the CVOX Network to provide you with information about products, content and services that might interest you and for internal analytical and business development purposes (see "CVOX Network" above). We may also share your personal data with third parties to deliver third party sponsored content or other services that you request (see "For third party sponsored content and events" below). For business operations We may also share your personal data with third parties we have contracted with to support CVOX's business operations including delivery, fulfillment, payment processing, email deployment, suppression list management and data processing. For security purposes We may also share your personal data with third parties for security purposes such as to protect our company, our customers, or the products, content or services we offer. For third party sponsored content and events CVOX partners with third party sponsors to make available a large library of content to our users, such as white papers, professional events (live or online), as well as other business services or offers. In return for access to such offers, we may ask you to provide us with personal data as part of the registration. We may use your personal data to send you the business offer you request. In addition, your personal data may be shared with the third party sponsor(s) of the offer to communicate with you regarding the offer. Please note that once your personal data is shared with the sponsor, the sponsor's privacy policy, including their information on how to opt-out in the future, will apply to your personal data. For appropriate legal reasons Your personal data may be shared when authorized by law or necessary to comply with a valid legal process such as to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including those outside your country of residence, enforce our terms and conditions, protect our operations, protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit damages we, or other third parties, may sustain. In the event of new ownership If part or all the ownership of CVOX or any of its products or services are sold or transferred, your personal data will be transferred to the new owner. For consented reasons Your personal data may be shared for any other purposes which you have consented to at the time of providing your data. HOW LONG WE KEEP YOUR PERSONAL DATA We hold your information only as long as necessary for each purpose we use it, unless we have obtained your consent to use for another or similar purpose. YOUR RIGHTS AND PREFERENCES Confirming your personal data To confirm that CVOX is processing your personal data, or to access, update or correct the personal data CVOX holds about you, or to obtain a copy to reuse for your own purposes, please send an email to: info@fintechamericas.co with the subject line "Data Request". The categories of personal data CVOX has collected about consumers, the categories of sources from which personal data is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling (if applicable) personal data, the categories of third parties with whom CVOX shares personal data, and the specific pieces of personal data CVOX has collected about consumers, can be generally be found in this Privacy Policy. Erasing or deleting your personal data If you want your personal data erased, please send an email to: info@fintechamericas.co with the subject line "Data Deletion". To opt-out of marketing communications If you want CVOX to stop communicating with you for marketing purposes, please send an email to info@fintechamericas.co with the subject line "Stop Communicating". HOW CAN WE HELP? GETTING IN TOUCH If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about CVOX's personal data practices or this Privacy Policy, we encourage you to get in touch with us at the following address: CVOX Events LLC c/o Maria Mancuso 78 SW 7th Street Miami FL 33130 Miami, FL maria@fintechamericas.co Last updated: April 2, 2020