User-Centric Product Report 2023: Drive sustainable growth 🚀 See statistics Platform use cases User feedback From screenshots to micro surveys, empower users with in-product feedback tools. Engage at the right time and by user behavior to get more responses. Bug tracking Make reporting issues and UAT easy for any user. Integrate with Jira and more. Feature validation Test new products and measure user sentiment to improve quickly, precisely. EXPLORE 30+ Integrations 20+ Templates See all features Solutions TEAMS Product Manage users & stakeholders' voices to exceed expectations Support Empower users to send accurate feedback faster Development Accelerate communication and workflows with smart tools Industries Technology Financial service Education Mobility Ecommerce Browse templates Integrations Pricing Enterprise Resources Discover & Learn Blog Get in on the latest news, frameworks, and hot tips Webinars Deep dive on case studies and how-to discussions Ebooks Exclusive expert insights and industry reports Videos Be inspired and see how it works in action Product docs Make the best use out of the product Customer stories Successful examples and metrics from companies Product support Book a demo Help center Templates Changelog Read success stories Login Start freeHands-on demo Privacy Policy Usersnap has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our company commitment to privacy. The following discloses the practice of information gathering and dissemination of this site. Your consent By using our site, in subscribing to our service, or filling in a contact form on our website or other sites owned by Usersnap GmbH, you agree and accept that we process, store and use the personal data submitted in accordance with the rules set forth below. In case you want your personal data removed permanently, please contact us. What information do we collect from you? We collect information about you when you provide it to us, when you use our products, and when other services provide it to us. Account information: We collect information about you when you register for an account of Usersnap. For example, you provide billing information when you purchase one of our services. Information you provide through our products: This includes Usersnap's product, where we collect and store content that you create, store, and share. This content includes any information about you that you may choose to include. Examples of content we collect include: the screenshots you create, the comments you add. Website visitors: If you are one of our website visitors, we may collect non-personally-identifying information such as the browser type you are using, the referring site and date and time of each visit. We collect information when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form. Information we collect automatically when you use our services: We track certain information about you when you visit and interact with any of our services. This includes information about the product features you use, the number of screenshots you create, the links you click. Cookies: Usersnap and our third-party partners, such as our advertising and analytics partners, use cookies and other tracking technologies (e.g., web beacons, device identifiers and pixels) to provide functionality and to recognize you across different services and devices. Information about the data we collect for our clients: Usersnap processes information under the direction of its clients, and has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes. Usersnap helps its clients to provide the necessary information to inform their customers about the nature and purpose of Usersnap and the collected information, if required. We may collect personally identifiable information such as first and last name, zip code, phone number, e-mail address, professional title and company name from our customers and their clients. Website data and information our product collects: The Usersnap widget collects the content of the website it is activated on. "Website data" means the state of the website including all user-entered information. This information is being transmitted to Usersnap's servers (including the DOM, CSS and Javascript code of the website's current state). Moreover, information about the environment such as browser version, browser type, operating system, operating system's version number, screen resolution, and other similar data related to the current state of the website is included. Added annotations, remarks or any other information using the Usersnap widget, is also being included and transferred. We are collecting this information on behalf of our clients and we do not have a direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data we process. Newsletter and other email communication If you enter your personal information like email, name, company, company data, phone number, or similar to enable us to get in contact with you, send you regular email or chat communication (like newsletter) or any similar form of communication, you give us the right to store your personal information. Additionally, you allow us to send you regular information, marketing material, product promotions. We will not hand over your personal data to any third party or partner with which we don't have a data processing agreement. Even then, this data is only used for analytical or retargeting purposes. Whenever you want us to stop communicating with you, just inform us by unsubscribing or sending us an email to contact@usersnap.com. Product features sending emails By signing up for our product or subscribing to any communication feature (like "Guestlist") you grant us the right to store your personal information and allow us to get in contact with you for sending further information on products, and other promotional information. If you want to be removed from any communication, just inform us by unsubscribing or sending us an email to contact@usersnap.com. Where do we store your information? The host servers on which Usersnap processes and stores its databases are located exclusively within the GDPR compliant areas. Usersnap will inform you immediately, to the extent we are legally authorised to do so, in case of any application or order originating from an administrative or judicial authority relating to your personal data. What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you (either personally-identifying or non-personally-identifying) may be used in one of the following ways: To personalize your experience: your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs. To improve our website: we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you. To improve customer service: your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs. To process transactions: your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested. To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature To send periodic emails: The email addresses you provide, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order. Website data we collect is primarily used to create a screenshot of your website and to display this information in the Usersnap dashboard. It is also used by Usersnap personnel to answer questions that our clients may have about their account and to develop and improve our products. Please contact us to learn more. Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. Please note, that using certain Usersnap services necessarily requires you to receive emails. How do we protect your information? Technical security We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers. Staff training & internal security measures Further on, we train our staff regularly to keep your data secure. Security briefings for new employees, regular safety trainings, the usage of a password manager, as well as office access restrictions through access cards ensure a consistent security. How long do we keep your information? How long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information. After such time, we will either delete or anonymize your information or, if this is not possible (for example, because the information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion is possible. Account information: We retain your account information for as long as your account is active and a reasonable period thereafter in case you decide to re-activate the Services. We also retain some of your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, to enforce our agreements, to support business operations, and to continue to develop and improve our Services. Information you share on our products: If your account is deactivated or disabled, some of your information and the content you have provided will remain in order to allow your team members or other users to make full use of our products. For example, we continue to display comments you created. Managed accounts: If the Services are made available to you through an organization (e.g., your employer), we retain your information as long as required by the administrator of your account. Marketing information: If you have chosen to receive marketing emails from us, we retain information about your marketing preferences for a reasonable period of time from the date you last expressed interest in our products, such as when you last opened an email from us or signed in to your Usersnap account. Cookie policy Do we use cookies? Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits. Further information Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. Your choice We collect information for our clients. If you are a customer of one of our clients and would no longer like to be served or contacted by one of our clients using our service, please contact the client that you interact with directly. If you are a customer and would like to update your account information please contact us. Access to the data which is controlled by our clients should be handled by Usersnap's client as they control the data. If a client wants to remove their data from Usersnap's servers we will respond within 10 days. Disclosure of the collected website data We may share your website data with third parties to provide technical support or to provide specific services, such as hosting of your applications. Also, we may enter into agreements with partners such as hosting companies or other services providers. Because we do not control the privacy practices of our Partner Companies, you should read and understand their privacy policies. If another company acquires our company or our assets, that company will possess the data and information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your website data as described in this privacy policy. California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We, therefore, will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent. As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at any time by logging into their control panel and going to the 'Edit Profile' page. Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older. Google Analytics (used in our website and Usersnap application) This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. Remarketing (used in our website and Usersnap application) We are using Google, Inc. ("Google") remarketing features to display ads on the Google Display Network (GDN). That is, Google may deliver our ads on sites across the web which are related to a former visit of you to our site. This is done by creating visitors lists based on stored cookies in your browser. In no case we will link personal information to these ads. If you would like to opt out of Google's use of cookies you might want to visit the Ads Preferences Manager. Alternatively we would like to point you to opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page. Other tracking solutions (used on our website and Usersnap application) - Facebook Pixel - Linkedin Pixel Other tracking solutions (used on our website) - Twitter Pixel - Quora Pixel Tools used on our website and on our blog - Usersnap feedback solution (Feedback collection) - Active Campaign (Email marketing solution) - Hotjar (Heatmapping) - OptinMonster (Banner solution) - Formkeep (Form submission solution) - Intercom (Customer service solution) - Snitcher (Company data) Tools used in our Usersnap application - Usersnap feedback solution (Feedback collection) - Hotjar (Heatmapping - only during Trials) - Intercom (Customer service solution) - Beamer (Product news notifications) - Gravatar (avatar profile image) In case you and your organisation are using Usersnap (software), and we haven't signed a custom DPA that may overwrite the agreements in our standard DPA, the regulations of our standard DPA apply and you explicitly accept the agreements in this contract. Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update the Privacy Policy modification date below. This policy was last modified on Jan, 24th, 2023. Contacting Us Your information is controlled by Usersnap GmbH. If you have any questions or concerns about how your information is handled, please direct your inquiry to Usersnap GmbH. Usersnap GmbH Energiestrasse 1 4020 Linz Austria/Europe contact@usersnap.com Company AboutPressHands-on demoContactWE ARE HIRING Product FeaturesCustomersPricingUse CasesCustomer FeedbackCollect FeedbackQuality AssuranceProduct feedbackMore use cases Integrations JiraAzure DevOpsZendeskSlackGitHub4,000+ Integrations Support Help CenterFAQDeveloper DocsStatusSecurityGDPRWCAG 2.1 Resources Feedback TemplatesBlogNewsletterFree E-BooksVideosCustomer Feedback GuideCollect actionable NPSAlternatives © 2023 Usersnap Privacy PolicyTerms of ServiceContact usImprint