Bridgepoint Education Social Media Terms of Use & Community Guidelines Terms of Use These Terms of Use pertain to Bridgepoint Education's social media accounts, pages, and any other instances ("sites"), including but not limited to Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, Google+, Pinterest, Instagram, and any future social media sites. By accessing Bridgepoint Education's social media sites, you agree to be bound by and comply with these terms, all applicable laws, and regulations, and any other applicable policies, terms, and guidelines and existing agreements established by Bridgepoint Education, as well as those of any third parties that host our social media sites, regardless of whether you have actually read them. In addition to the following legal terms, when using Bridgepoint Education's social media sites, we expect you to be respectful of your fellow community members. Every post should make a constructive contribution to the community and should be suitable for all users. The community is open to all points of view on Bridgepoint-related topics. Mature, polite debate is encouraged. Always interact with other users respectfully, as you would in any professional setting. While we welcome your participation in Bridgepoint Education's social media sites, we reserve the right to screen and remove any posts deemed inappropriate, including, but not limited to the following: Spam: Comments focused on selling a product or service, or comments posted for a purpose of driving traffic to a particular website for personal, political, or monetary gain. Libel: False statements that could potentially damage an individual's or organization's reputation. Personal Attacks: Comments that could reasonably be viewed as malicious, obscene, threatening or intimidating, that disparage students, co-workers, or other individuals, or that might constitute harassment or bullying. Additional examples include comments meant to intentionally harm someone's reputation or posts that could contribute to a hostile work environment on the basis of race, sex, disability, religion, or any other status protected by law or company policy. Illegal: Posts must not violate any local, state, or federal laws. Offensive Language: Comments including, but not limited to, profane or provocative language or that contain threatening, hateful, offensive, derogatory, obscene, or sexually explicit language. Copyrighted Material: In compliance with the U.S. Copyright Law, including the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, your posting on Bridgepoint Education's social media sites should contain only materials or images created through your own effort, or authorized materials or images for which you have obtained permission for use. Private or Confidential Information: Do not provide any of your personal or confidential information when posting. Do not provide proprietary, trade secret, or non-public information of any third party obtained in the course of employment or conducting business with Bridgepoint Education. Do not disclose any protected personally identifying information received in the course of employment or conducting business with Bridgepoint Education, including but not limited to, personally identifiable student or employee information (names, identification numbers, email addresses, street addresses, financial aid information, educational records, employment records), or any private facts about any other person than the participant himself or herself. Do not post internal reports, policies, procedures, or other internal business-related confidential communications. URLs or HTML. Please use only plain text when submitting your comments. Posts from individuals under the age of 13 cannot be accepted. Although we may screen and remove content, Bridgepoint Education is not responsible for any content posted by users, including posts made by employees or agents who are not authorized administrators of our sites. Content posted by others is not edited by Bridgepoint Education and does not necessarily represent its views or opinions. Endorsements Bridgepoint Education does not endorse any comments made by its employees, unless they are made in an authorized representative capacity. Statements and opinions expressed in posts or comments are strictly those of the commenter alone, and do not constitute an official position of Bridgepoint Education, unless they are posted by the original author (who is an authorized representative of the company) or by a subject matter expert responding on behalf of that authorized representative. Content License Please note, by submitting a photo, post, or comment, you hereby grant Bridgepoint Education and its subsidiaries a non-exclusive, irrevocable, royalty-free license, in perpetuity, to use the submitted image, post, or comment, together with your name, for educational or promotional purposes in any media. This includes, but is not limited to, websites, social networks, television, and newspaper and is without restrictions or limitations. Disclaimer The materials on Bridgepoint Education's sites are provided "as is." Bridgepoint Education makes no warranties, express or implied, regarding merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Bridgepoint Education does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its sites or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to these sites. The information and content provided on our sites is intended for informational purposes only. Limitations/Indemnification In no event shall Bridgepoint Education, its affiliates, or suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Bridgepoint Education's social media sites, or for loss or damage that results from your failure to comply with these terms or other applicable guidelines, or from any technical, human, application, or software errors or failures found within our social media sites. You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Bridgepoint Education, its officers, employees, and agents from any and all liability with respect to any claims from any third parties arising from your use of our sites or violations of these terms or applicable guidelines. Privacy Your use of Bridgepoint Education's social media sites constitutes your consent to Bridgepoint Education's use of information obtained through your site visits. With respect to content collected through our sites, Bridgepoint Education follows the applicable privacy policies of the third-party hosts of our sites. Please note that when visiting any Bridgepoint Education social media site, you are also subject to the terms and conditions of Bridgepoint Education's privacy notices, as well as the terms of service and privacy policies of third-party hosts, when applicable. Third-Party Links Bridgepoint Education has not reviewed all of the third-party sites linked from its social media sites and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any third-party link does not imply endorsement by Bridgepoint Education. Use of any such linked website is at the user's own risk. You understand that, when going to a third-party website, that site is governed by the third party's privacy and terms of use, and the third party is solely responsible for the content and offering presented on its website. Bridgepoint Education reserves the right to change these Terms at any time at its sole discretion.