Go Back Please do read and contact us if anything not understood - your privacy is actually important to us. Privacy Policy Brand Advance is part of Brand Advance LTD which includes DIVERSITY OOH NETWORK AND OTHERS. This privacy policy will explain how our organization uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website. Topics: What data do we collect? How do we collect your data? How will we use your data? What are cookies? What types of cookies do we use? Privacy policies of other websites How to contact us How do we store your data? Marketing What are your data protection rights? How do we use cookies? How to manage your cookies Changes to our privacy policy How to contact the appropriate authorities What data do we collect? Brand Advance collects the following data: Personal identification information (Name, email address, phone number, etc.) How do we collect your data? You directly provide Brand Advance with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you: Register online for our newsletter or place an order for any of our products or services. Voluntarily complete a customer survey or provide feedback on any of our message boards or via email. Use or view our website via your browser's cookies. Brand Advance may also receive your data indirectly from the following sources: Websites and Mobile Applications for which we provide advertising services and delivery. Please see our Advertising Privacy Policy. How will we use your data? Brand Advance collects your data so that we can: Process your ad requests and manage your account. Email you with special offers on other products and services we think you might like. [Add how else Brand Advance uses data] If you agree, Brand Advance will share your data with our partner companies so that they may offer you their products and services. BidSwitch Xandr The Trade Desk DV360 When Brand Advance processes your order, it may send your data to, and also use the resulting information from, credit reference agencies to prevent fraudulent purchases. How do we store your data? Brand Advance securely stores your data on the Google Secure Cloud. Brand Advance will keep your Newsletter (name/Email) for 1 Year. Once this time period has expired, we will request further consent or delete your data by removal from the News Letter List (Mail Chimp). Marketing Brand Advance would like to send you information about products and services of ours that we think you might like. If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt-out at a later date. You have the right at any time to stop Brand Advance from contacting you for marketing purposes or giving your data to other members of Brand Advance Limited. If you no longer wish to be contacted for marketing purposes, please email: What are your data protection rights? Brand Advance would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following: The right to access - You have the right to request Brand Advance for copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service. The right to rectification - You have the right to request that Brand Advance correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request Brand Advance to complete the information you believe is incomplete. The right to erasure - You have the right to request that Brand Advance erase your personal data, under certain conditions. The right to restrict processing - You have the right to request that Brand Advance restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions. The right to object to processing - You have the right to object to Brand Advance's processing of your personal data, under certain conditions. The right to data portability - You have the right to request that Brand Advance transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email: privacy @brandadvance.co.uk. Call us at: +44 (0) 203 9627179 Or Write to us: Runway East Aldgate East, 2 Whitechapel Rd, London E1 1EW, UK Cookies Cookies are text files placed on your computer to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behaviour information. When you visit our websites, we may collect information from you automatically through cookies or similar technology. For further information, visit allaboutcookies.org. How do we use cookies? Brand Advance uses cookies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website, including: Keeping you signed in. Understanding how you use our website. For Marketing and Advertising purposes. What types of cookies do we use? There are a number of different types of cookies, however, our website uses: Functionality - Brand Advance uses these cookies so that we recognize you on our website and remember your previously selected preferences. These could include what language you prefer and the location you are in. A mix of first-party and third-party cookies may be used. Advertising - Brand Advance uses these cookies to collect information about your visit to our website, the content you viewed, the links you followed, and information about your browser, device, and your IP address. Brand Advance sometimes shares some limited aspects of this data with third parties for advertising purposes. We may also share online data collected through cookies with our advertising partners. This means that when you visit another website, you may be shown advertising based on your browsing patterns on our website. How to manage cookies You can set your browser not to accept cookies, and the above website tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. However, in a few cases, some of our website features may not function as a result. Privacy policies of other websites: The Brand Advance website contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy. Changes to our privacy policy Brand Advance keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 14th February 2023. How to contact us If you have any questions about Brand Advance's privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us. Email us at: Call us: +44 (0) 203 962 7179 Or Write to us: Runway East Aldgate East, 2 Whitechapel Rd, London E1 1EW, UK How to contact the appropriate authority Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that Brand Advance has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the Information Commissioner's Office. Website: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/ Email Instagram Facebook Twitter