This website stores cookies on your computer. These cookies are used to collect information about how you interact with our website and allow us to remember you. We use this information in order to improve and customize your browsing experience and for analytics and metrics about our visitors both on this website and other media. To find out more about the cookies we use, see our Privacy Policy. Accept Decline Product Resources Case Studies Help Center Log in Book Your Demo Browsi Gain control of your digital real-estate. Product Resources Case Studies Help Center Log in Book Your Demo Privacy policy Privacy policy We respect your privacy. This Policy explains what information we collect about you when you are visiting our Website and using related services. While you browse this website, except for an area that we designate to publishers only, we do not collect your personal information. What Personal Identifiable Information Do We Collect? We do not collect and store any personal identifiable information. If you use our reporting interface as a registered publisher, we may store details that you provided to us, for identifying purposes only, as provided in the Publisher Agreement. What Non-Personal Information Do We Collect? We may collect and retain certain non-personally identifiable information, such as your browsing details and approximate geo-location for statistics and aggregation purposes that will allow us to develop and improve our website and related services. How do we collect information? When you visiting our Website, we may collect and retain the stated information by storing a cookie and pixel tag on your computer. A cookie is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored in a user's web browser while a user is browsing a website. This cookie shall be stored until you delete it from your computer. At all times, you may choose not to accept cookies from us or delete existing cookies, by accessing your browser preferences. How do we process the Information? We process non-personal information and create statistical and aggregated information in order to allow better service and monitor use of the Website (by using third party services, such as Google Analytics). Who has access to the information? Apart from our employees and contractors, who are under strict confidentiality and data-protection obligations, third party services (such as Google Analytics) may have access to your non-personal identifiable information. Can you review or remove the Information? You can always review or remove your information by contacting us through email at:info@gobrowsi.com What to do if you feel your privacy was invaded? If you feel that your privacy was invaded or violated, please contact us directly at privacy@gobrowsi.com and we will inspect such complaints within reasonable time and send you and answer promptly. © 2022 Browsi, All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Book Your Demo We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking "Accept All", you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. However, you may visit "Cookie Settings" to provide a controlled consent. Cookie SettingsAccept All Manage consent Close Privacy Overview This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the ... Necessary Necessary Always Enabled Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. These cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously. Cookie Duration Description cookielawinfo-checkbox-analytics 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Analytics". cookielawinfo-checkbox-functional 11 months The cookie is set by GDPR cookie consent to record the user consent for the cookies in the category "Functional". cookielawinfo-checkbox-necessary 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookies is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Necessary". cookielawinfo-checkbox-others 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Other. cookielawinfo-checkbox-performance 11 months This cookie is set by GDPR Cookie Consent plugin. The cookie is used to store the user consent for the cookies in the category "Performance". viewed_cookie_policy 11 months The cookie is set by the GDPR Cookie Consent plugin and is used to store whether or not user has consented to the use of cookies. It does not store any personal data. Functional Functional Functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features. Performance Performance Performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors. Analytics Analytics Analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. These cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. These cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads. Others Others Other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet. SAVE & ACCEPT