Data Desk Discover Data Solutions Agencies & Advertisers Brands & Marketers Data Owners Platforms Partner Distribution Network Products Identity Audience Marketplace Omnichannel Advertising Data Enrichment Data Onboarding Social Advertising Resources Data Quality Insights Blog Success Stories Audience Data Sessions Guides Events About About Eyeota In the News Careers Privacy Contact Us Data Desk Discover Data Privacy Center Do Not Sell Opt Out Subject Access Request Contact Welcome to the Eyeota Privacy Center The purpose of this Privacy Center is to give you more information about how we manage our privacy compliance globally, highlight how we protect and manage personal data and provide details how you can exercise your rights as a data subject. Within this Center you can access the following information: Privacy Policies Eyeota Marketplace and Audience Platform Eyeota Corporate and Website Eyeota Recruitment Your Data Rights How you can find out what data we hold on you How you can Opt-Out of Data Processing by Eyeota Useful Information Information about our use of Cookies Glossary of Terms Privacy Associations Who We Share Data With (SubProcessors) Sensitive Data Contact Us Data Desk Subject Access Request Ad Choices / Do Not Sell My Information Imprint Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions 1-866-I-OPT-OUTEyeota Service Code: 714 © Eyeota. All Rights Reserved. By clicking "Accept All Cookies", you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts. Cookies Settings Accept All Cookies Privacy Preference Center When you visit any website, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalized web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. To see more information about the cookies on our website, please visit our Cookie Policy page. Allow All Manage Consent Preferences Strictly Necessary Cookies Always Active Strictly Necessary Cookies These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information. Performance Cookies Performance Cookies These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance. Functional Cookies Functional Cookies These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality and personalisation. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies then some or all of these services may not function properly. Targeting Cookies Targeting Cookies These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising. Confirm My Choices Back Button Back Performance Cookies Vendor Search Search Icon Filter Icon Clear Filters Information storage and access Apply Consent Leg.Interest All Consent Allowed Select All Vendors Select All Vendors All Consent Allowed Confirm My Choices