Here are the 🔥🔥🔥 news about TV analytics ... Find out more here Admo.tv for Brands Discover how Admo.tv works alongside brands Media Agencies Admo.tv and media agencies: a long-standing partnership Solutions Watch by Admo.tv Monitor in real time all the TV investments of the market Analyse by Admo.tv Analyse the impact of your TV campaigns on your business Leverage by Admo.tv Turn TV into a powerful acquisition mechanism Technologies Detection How Admo.tv detects in real time TV commercials Attribution How Admo.tv identifies in real time visitors coming from TV Company About us Discover our vision and the Admo.tv team Resources Our white papers and studies about TV ads Log in Request a demo Ask for a demo Visits, conversions, notoriety, store trafic... Discover and maximise the performance of your TV investments with Admo.tv platform. Your profile Our conditions of use Privacy Policy Admo.tv (Clickon) recognizes that its customers, visitors and users care about the protection of their personal. Admo.tv (Clickon) undertakes to never share the personal data of its customers, visitors and users with a third party, unless it is legally obliged to do so. The present confidentiality rules aim to detail the important information concerning the collection, storage and use of personal data of Admo.tv users. 1. Who are we ? Admo.tv is a TV and radio analysis platform allowing advertisers to benefit from additional information in order to optimize their different advertising campaigns. Admo.tv is published by the company Clickon, domiciled at 11 rue Garnier, 92200, Neuilly sur Seine, under the number 533 565 040 RCS Nanterre. 2. Confidentiality agreement We understand that your information is confidential and treat it in this way. Admo.tv will never share this information with anyone except our customers. We reserve the right to use the aggregated information in particular as part of promotional campaign of our various products and technologies. 3. What information do we collect a. Personal data Admo.tv (Clickon) is a TV analytics company that analyzes and produces data. Only, in practice, Admo.tv (Clickon) stores very little personal data: only the login credentials of its customers on its platform. Only authorized users can have access to this platform, by indicating their email and password. b. Cookies To find out more about our cookies, go to our privacy and cookie policy page. 4. Changes to the privacy policy Please note that we may change our privacy policy at any time without notifying you. Any changes will be effective immediately. We encourage you to come regularly and check for any possible changes from your previous visit. 5. Forms a. Contact and Demo request The data collected on this form is stored in a file by Admo.tv (Clickon) to send your documents in order to inform you about our latest innovation and contents. This data is stored for a year after receiving your consent, which is renewed every year. It is intended for the marketing service. As required by article 15 of the GDPR and article 27 of the Law n°78-17, January 6th 1978, you can exercise your right of access and have them rectify by contacting our DPO, dpo@admo.tv. You can unsubscribe from these communications at any time by going to this link. By filling out this form, you authorize Admo.tv (Clickon) to store and process the data submitted above so that it can respond to your request by email or telephone. b. Newsletter The data collected on this form is stored in a file by Admo.tv (Clickon) to send your documents in order to inform you about our monthly and quarterly newsletters. As required by article 15 of the GDPR and article 27 of the Law n°78-17, January 6th 1978, you can exercise your right of access and have them rectify by contacting our DPO, dpo@admo.tv. You can unsubscribe from these communications at any time by going to this link or by clicking in the link at the bottom of each newsletter. By filling out this form, you authorize Admo.tv (Clickon) to store and process the data submitted above so that it can send you its monthly newsletter. c. Content & Documentation downloads (White Papers, Infographics, Customer Cases, Studies & Benchmarks) The data collected on this form is stored in a file by Admo.tv (Clickon) to send your documents in order to inform you about our latest innovation and contents. This data is stored for a year after receiving your consent, which is renewed every year. It is intended for the marketing service. As required by article 15 of the GDPR and article 27 of the Law n°78-17, January 6th 1978, you can exercise your right of access and have them rectify by contacting our DPO, dpo@admo.tv. You can unsubscribe from these communications at any time by going to this link. By filling out this form, you authorize Admo.tv (Clickon) to store and process the data submitted above so that it can provide you with the requested content and associated content. Collected data By providing Admo.tv (Clickon) with your personal data on its platform, you authorize it to use it to provide and maintain all of its functionalities. We may use your email address for administrative purposes. Information sharing Admo.tv (Clickon) may share the personal data stored on the platform with partners or service providers for the only purpose of improving its services. Customers may however request and authorize Admo.tv (Clickon) to do so. Subscriptions and opt out Users can unsubscribe from all communications sent by Admo.tv (Clickon) at any time by clicking on this link. Users can choose to deactivate the Admo.tv cookie by clicking on this link. The opt-out procedure may not work if the user's browser is configured to block third-party cookies. If cookies are deleted, the opt-out will not work. The opt-out governs each browser and each profile differently. 6. Contact us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please let us know. Société (Clickon) - DPO 20 Boulevard Montmartre 75009 Paris, France +331 76 39 03 74 Email : dpo@admo.tv ADMO FOR Brands Media agencies SOLUTIONS Watch Analyse Leverage COMPANY About us Resources Press HELP contact@admo.tv Conditions of use chevron-bottom chevron-right Axeptio consent Cookies