Search for: Search Skip to content 152 Media Header Bidding Product About Us Sign Up Privacy Policy English Español Search for: Search Privacy Policy Privacy Policy 152 Media does not collect a website user's Personally Identifiable Information (PII) as defined under United States of America law. However, in the course of and for purposes of conducting its business, our third party technology providers may collect and process the following consumer information that is considered Personal Information. (1) browser and device information received from publishers is shared with advertisers and agencies for responding to requests for advertisements, forecast advertising inventory and troubleshooting any operation issues related to each Platform; (2) IP addresses, including both IPv4 and IPv6 are used to bid on advertising inventory; (3) geo-location data is used to bid on advertising inventory; (4) Precise Location Data (data obtained from a device about the physical location of the device) is used to bid on advertising inventory; (5) GPS coordinates, where available; (6) stored in browser cookies, are used for profiles on the ad server; (7) mobile device identifiers are used to track mobile traffic and are shared with advertisers and agencies to tailor the advertising experience; (8) pixel Data (data obtained through or in connection with the placement of any pixel mechanism) is used as part of the user matching process; (9) people identifiers provided by third party provider partners are associated to audience segments, and shared with advertisers and agencies; (10) data on whether a user viewed or clicked on an Ad is shared with advertisers and agencies. COLLECTION, USE, AND RETENTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION (PII) We collect PII via this website when it is provided to us. The PII we collect may include name, address, phone number, email address, or any other information provided to us. We use the PII collected via this website for business purposes, such as marketing, recruiting and hiring, responding to general inquiries or customer support requests, and in the course of providing services to customers. We retain the PII collected via the website indefinitely, unless otherwise specified, or until we delete the PII pursuant to a request from the subject of the PII. COLLECTION, USE, AND RETENTION OF NON-PII We collect non-PII on our website using web beacons, and tags for the operation of the site (e.g. managing user sessions), including analyzing site usage, detecting and preventing malicious behavior on the site, and improving the content and organization of the site. We also engage other companies that will use similar methods to collect non-PII on our website for analyzing site usage. We also use non-PII we collect to advertise our business on other sites. INFORMATION SHARING We will not rent, share, or sell to third parties the PII we collect, except for the reasons stated in this Privacy Statement. We may share non-PII or PII with affiliates, subsidiaries, vendors, or other third parties to perform services on our behalf that are related to marketing and operating our services. We may disclose your information to third parties when we reasonably believe we are obligated to do so by law, and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual prohibited activities, including but not limited to fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person. We may transfer information, including any PII, to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate change. THIRD PARTY SERVICES Third party services we use may collect information about your visits to our publisher sites for purposes including interest-based advertising. This information could be combined with information collected from other sites. Such information may include, for example, pages visited, times and dates of visits, browser or operating system configuration, etc. Industry trade associations maintain web pages where you can opt out of interest-based advertising by all participating companies: Use of our services may also involve usage of third party technologies managed and/or owned by our vendors, partners, and affiliates. Some of the privacy policies (But not limited to) are available below: https://www.appnexus.com/en/company/platform-privacy-policy https://adtelligent.com/privacy-policy/ https://www.aniview.com/privacy-policy/ INFORMATION ABOUT CHILDREN This site is not intended for, or designed to attract, children. We do not collect personally identifiable information from any person we actually know is an individual under the age of 13. YOUR CHOICES We will provide reasonable opportunity for individuals to access, update, or delete PII about them that we have in our possession. We will not use PII provided to us for purposes incompatible with the purpose for which it was provided without obtaining authorization from the subject of the information. For sensitive information, we will obtain authorization prior to sharing the information or using it for a purpose other than that for which it was collected. CHANGES TO THIS POLICY We may from time to time change our practices with regard to information collected and used for our services. Changes will be reflected in this Privacy Statement. However, if we were to make material changes, those changes would not, without authorization, be applied to information collected prior to the changes. QUESTIONS? If you have questions or requests regarding our collection and use of information, you can contact us. Oficina Central 3710 Redmont Road Birmingham, AL 35213 United States Correo: info@152media.com Tel.: +1 205 383 4570 Argentina La Pampa 1517, Office 6°C Buenos Aires Argentina Email: info@152media.com Tel.: +54 11 4776 5508 Copyright © 2023. All Rights Reserved.