Artworx AS - Adserve.zone - Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you are presented with an Ad from Adserve.zone http://www.adserve.zone. Adserve.zone is a hosting platform for online banner Ads. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT When you see an ad from our ad server , we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, we track information about how you interact with the Ad. WE COLLECT DEVICE INFORMATION USING THE FOLLOWING TECHNOLOGIES: - "Cookies" are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. We only use cookies to identify if you have seen an ad before. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org. - "Log files" track actions occurring in the ad, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, cliks, and date/time stamps. When we talk about "Personal Information" in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information. HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION? We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Ads (for example, by generating analytics about how our users interact with the Ad, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns). LEGITIMATE INTEREST CLAIM We set cookies for two reasons and for these two reasons only: 1. To be able to do real-time basic ad selections, such as control the frequency of an ad. 2. To be able to synchronize two or more ads showing on the same page at the same time, i.e. a roadblock ad. We do not store, proccess or build user profiles based on these cookies. All processing is limited to when the user see the ad SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION We don't share your personal information/Device information with any third parties. However we share general information with third parties, about clicks and impressions on an ad. We may share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights. DO NOT TRACK Please note that we do not alter our ad server data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser. YOUR RIGHTS If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below. DATA RETENTION We never store any data longer than we need it. The cookies we set on your device expire 30 days after they were last accessed. We typically store the User Information we collect, such as IP address and other information described above, for up to 30 days before we anonymize and aggregate that data into summary reports. User Information we no longer need is deleted from either the cookies or our servers (as applicable). SECURITY We use industry-standard technical and organizational security measures to help protect information transmitted over or stored on our systems. Please note that no transmission or storage of information, however, can ever be guaranteed to be completely secure, though we take all reasonable precautions to protect against security incidents. COOKIE OPT-OUT You can opt out from Adserve.zone unique cookie identifiers here. To do so, contact us at privacypolicy@adserve.zone and we will take all necessary means to ensure that no tracking is being applied to your browser. You will recieve a link to opt-out. CHANGES We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons. CONTACT US For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at privacypolicy@adserve.zone or by mail using the details provided below: Artworx AS, Åsveien 3, Ski, 1400, Norway