Products & Services Back Products & Services Epsilon PeopleCloud Back Epsilon PeopleCloud Overview Loyalty Messaging Digital Media Solutions Back Digital Media Solutions Overview Retention Acquisition Branding Category Driver Actions Location Driver Cookieless Solution Data Platforms Back Data Platforms Overview Customer Prospect Discovery Retail Media Network Publishers Strategic Consulting Case Studies Insights Back Insights Blog In the News Trends Back Trends Customer Centricity Third-Party Cookies Client Confidential Series Let's Talk Loyalty Podcast Loyalty Programme Guide All Resources Careers About us Back About us Who we are Why Epsilon Our partners Our locations Pressroom Privacy at Epsilon Epsilon, formerly also known as Conversant, is an advertising company. We are part of the Publicis Groupe, headquartered in France, but with operations around the world. Our advertising services help businesses find consumers and keep the internet free. The below Privacy Policies described how we process personal data as part of our operations in the EU and the United Kingdom. Please visit our Services Privacy Policy if you want to learn more about the personal data we collect and use when providing our digital advertising services to our clients. It includes information about what type of personal data we process to provide consumers with personalised advertising and better digital browsing experience. This is also the policy to visit if you clicked on a link in a consent interface (CMP) and want to learn more. Please visit our Website & Business-to-Business Privacy Policy if you want to learn more about the personal data we collect from our website and how we process personal data about our business-to-business contacts. Stay Connected Select Region United States Deutschland EMEA APAC United Kingdom France Consumer Info Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions AdChoices Your Privacy Choices Privacy Settings ©2023 Epsilon Data Management, LLC. All rights reserved. All names and logos are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.