United Kingdom Cookie Notice for Dentsu London Limited This document explains what personal information we, dentsu, collect from you, how we use it and what your rights are. This privacy notice does not apply to dentsu's processing of employee personal data, which is subject to a separate privacy notice available through internal company systems. If you have any questions, please contact us via dpo@dentsuaegis.com Who is processing my personal information? The organisation collecting your personal data is Dentsu London Limited. We have a data protection officer, who can be contacted through dpo@dentsuaegis.com How do we collect personal data about you? We are a provider of services to companies who wish to display digital or online advertising for their goods and services (advertisers). To do this, they will contract with us to use our technology platform to deliver their advertisements to websites and social medial platforms (publishers). As part of delivering those services, personal data may be collected from you when you visit either the advertiser's and/or publishers' website. What personal data are collected and why? What personal data are collected and used? Why is that personal data collected and used? On what legal basis is the personal data collected and used? How long is data retained? User ID which is stored in the cookie that our technology sets when you visit a publisher's page that is using our technology to manage the advertising space that they have on their web pages and to request an ad to fill the space that they have on a webpage; or interact with an advertisement that has been served on publisher's web page where the advertiser is using our technology. The purpose of this ID is to prevent you seeing the same advertisement multiple times and to target you with advertisements relevant to your interests in future. It may also be used to record how many individuals clicked through and reached a certain point on the advertiser's website. This personal data is collected and used based on the consent that is obtained by either the advertiser or publisher that is using our technology. They are required to provide the necessary cookie notices on their website. If you wish to withdraw your consent at any time, you can visit the link below, you agree to us setting two cookies on your browser with the values of "opt-out" and "optout". Please use this opt out link: Opt out The cookie that is set on your browser that contains this ID will persist for 365 days unless you clear your cookie cache or opt out of the use of this cookie ID at any point in the future. An Advertisement ID, which is stored in the cookie that is set by an advertiser using our technology, when you interact with their ad. This may be used to record how many individuals clicked through and reached a certain point on the Advertiser's website. Advertisement interaction analytics, such as 'Views' and 'Clicks'. This personal data is collected and used based on the consent that is obtained by either the advertiser or publisher that is using our technology. They are required to provide the necessary cookie notices on their website. If you wish to withdraw your consent at any time, you can visit the link below, you agree to us setting two cookies on your browser with the values of "opt-out" and "optout". Please use this opt-out link: Opt out The cookie (see above) that is set on your browser that contains this ID will persist for 365 days unless you clear your cookie cache or opt out of the use of this cookie ID at any point in the future. IP address and Device ID are collected when you interact with our client's advertisements. These are used in real time i.e. during the processing of delivering the advertisement to the webpage that you are visiting, to check and log your approximate region of origin and to check against a database of active fraudulent bots. We also use your IP address to determine whether you are based in the EU so that we can ensure that your personal data remain in the EU. It is in our legitimate interest to process this information for these purposes to ensure that advertisers and publishers are not being defrauded or paying for advertisements that have not been seen by a real person. Processed in real-time for this purpose but may be stored in the server logs (see below). Server logs containing the above IDs and IP address are generated each time an advertisement is served using our technology. These logs are used to for billing and dispute resolution purposes to try and ensure that the advertisements that were shown to real website visitors and not bots or other forms of potential fraudulent user. It is in our legitimate interests to process this personal data in order to demonstrate to our clients who are paying for services that they have been billed accurately and in accordance with the contracts that they have with us. 3 months What happens if I don't consent to provide my personal data? If you do not consent to our cookies, it could result in you seeing the same advertisement multiple times, seeing advertisements which are not of interest to you, or not having any advertisements. You do consent but then later want to change your mind, you can update the personal information we hold about you (or withdraw your consent to us processing your personal information) at any time as explained in the table above. Third party cookies In addition to our cookies, for video advertisements we may use video player, JWPLAYER, to display video advertisements. This third party may set their own cookies to track interactions with video advertisements for example to log whether a video was muted. How to manage or refuse the third-party cookies If you do not want your browser to accept their third party cookies and use them in the ways described above it is possible to change your browser settings. It is also possible to delete existing cookies from your browser. However, blocking all cookies will affect your web experience. Some cookies are designed to help save you time, for example, by remembering your contact details when you are completing a form, this means that you will not have to complete the section again unless your details have changed. The procedure for modifying your privacy preferences is different for each internet browser and we recommend you visit the following websites for further information on altering your cookie settings: www.aboutcookies.org www.allaboutcookies.org Who do we share your information with? From the server logs referred to above, we create anonymous aggregated reports about the advertising campaigns that we have delivered with are shared with the relevant advertiser to show that we have delivered their advertisements in accordance with our contract with them, and with publishers should there be a dispute about payments and charges. The reports that we provide will not enable either the advertiser or the publisher to identify you or communicate with you in future for any purpose. How do you keep my information secure? To protect your personal information, we follow industry practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. Will my data be sent overseas? All our data processing is carried out on servers located in Ireland no matter of where you are located or based. What do I do if I have questions, a complaint or want to access my information? If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice or wish to request a copy of the personal information which we hold about you, please contact us by email at dpo@dentsu.com or alternatively you can send a letter to: Privacy Team, Dentsu London Limited, 10 Triton Street, London, NW1 3BF. If you are still unhappy, you may refer your complaint to the Information Commissioner's Office in the UK. IAB Europe Dentsu London Limited is a Vendor on the IAB Transparency and Consent Framework. The framework offers transparency to the user about which Vendors are operating on a first party (such as a publisher), what purposes they process personal data for, and a clear mechanism for opting out of the Vendor's purposes. For more information please visit: https://iabeurope.eu/transparency-consent-framework/