Privacy Policy General Rezulto ("the Company" or "Rezulto Marketing Digital Ltda" or "we") is the owner of the media platform ("the Platform"). Rezulto is committed to protecting your privacy and we understand you want to keep your information private, safe and discrete. This Privacy Policy is designed to help you decide whether to use the Service and in what manner, and it describes how we collect, store and use information on individuals who use the Service. The Services hereunder are offered by Rezulto Marketing Digital Ltda., registered at: Av das Americas 3500, Bl 05 Sala 608, Barra da Tijuca, Rio de Janeiro Barra da Tijuca Rio da Janeiro Brazil Consent to use Information This Policy is a legally binding agreement between you ("you" or "user") and us. By visiting, accessing or using the platform, or providing information to us in any other format, you agree to and accept the terms of this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time, and you consent to the collection and use of information in the manner set out in this Policy. We encourage you to review this Policy carefully and to periodically refer to it so that you understand it and its subsequent changes if any. What Information Do We Collect? We collect two types of data and information from you: (1) Non-Personal Information - We retain some non-personally identifiable information ("Non-Personal Information"), such as your approximate geo-location, your web request, browser type, browser language, web pages you visit before or after visiting our Partner's Website, URLs, platform type, click numbers, landing pages, viewed pages and the order of those pages and time spent on pages. This information is collected and retained for security reasons and so that we can audit and statistically track usage, audit our affiliates, and calculate payments to third parties. "Cookies" - Non-Personal Information is collected, inter alia, through the use of cookies, so when accessing or using the platform, we may use one or more cookies. Cookies are small text files, placed on a user's device, which enable a website to remember user preferences. (2) Personal Information - "Personal Information" is information that may be of a private or sensitive nature, including your name, gender, phone number, e-mail address or mailing address, payment information and IP address. We collect your IP address as part of your use of the Service. Cookie Policy When accessing or using our platform, we may use one or more "cookies". "Cookies" are small text files, placed on a computer hard drive, which enable websites to remember your user preferences. Without cookies, we may not be able to provide certain services or features, and the Website will not work as efficiently as we would like. You can turn cookies off, but if you do this you may not be able to access some services on the Website. Please note that, by accessing or using our platform, you agree to the use of cookies as described in this Policy. 1. What is a cookie? Cookies are text-only strings of information that are downloaded to your computer or mobile device when you visit our Website or another website using our implemented web tool. Your web browser then sends these cookies back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognizes those cookies. You can find more information about cookies at www.allaboutcookies.org. Cookies are widely used in order to make websites work in an efficient way. The use of cookies allows you to navigate between pages efficiently. Cookies remember your preferences, and make the interaction between you and the website smoother and more efficient. Cookies are also used to help ensure that the adverts you see online are relevant to you and your interests. Setting and storing cookies Cookies may be set either by the website you are visiting ("first party cookies") or by third party websites who run content on the website you are viewing("third party cookies"). They may be stored either for the duration of your visit to the Website or for repeat visits. Different types of cookies There are four main types of cookie: (i)Strictly Necessary Cookies: These cookies are essential to enable you to login, navigate around and use the features of a website, or to provide a service requested by you, for example by remembering items you have placed in an online shopping basket. We do not need to obtain your consent in order to use these cookies. (ii)Functionality Cookies: These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language, or the region you are in) and provide enhanced, more personal features. For instance, a website may be able to provide you with local weather reports or traffic news by using a cookie to store information about the region in which you are currently located, remember changes you have made to text size, fonts, and other parts of web pages that you can customize, and provide services you have asked for such as watching a video or commenting on a blog. The information these cookies collect remains anonymous and they cannot track your browsing activity on other websites. (iii)Performance cookies: These cookies collect information about how you use a website, for example which pages you go to most often, and record difficulties you may experience while using the Website, for example error messages. All information collected by these cookies is aggregated and therefore anonymous. It is only used to improve the efficiency of the website. (iv)Targeting Cookies or advertising Cookies: These cookies are used to deliver advertisements tailored to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with the website operator's permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organizations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organization. For more information about online behavioral advertising cookies and online privacy, please see the guide produced by the internet advertising industry available at www.youronlinechoices.com.