<-- Back to ZeitAgency Privacy Policy for Zeit Agency ApS Zeit Agency is a member of IAB Europe. At Zeit Agency, accessible from the following domains: zeitagency.com, zeitcloud.io, cdn.zeitcloud.io and analytics.zeitcloud.io, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Zeit Agency and how we use it. If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us. This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Zeit Agency. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than descriped in this policy. Consent By using our website and services, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its terms. Information we collect The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information. If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide. For more information about information collected when viewing og interacting with our ads, read the section 'Ad analytics' How we use your information We use the information we collect in various ways, including to: Provide, operate, and maintain our website Understand and analyze how you use our website Understand and analyze how you interact with our ads Customizing the website to your choices Send you emails Find and prevent fraud All data collected, is stored within the EU Log Files Zeit Agency follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they visit websites. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information. Cookies and Web Beacons Like any other website, Zeit Agency uses 'cookies'. These cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. The information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information. You can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. To know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites. Our Ads won't set or read any cookies on your device Ad analytics When viewing or interacting with ads produced by Zeit Agency, we will register the following information: Ad id, Event type (view, click & other interactions), IP-address, time of event, browser information and on click the url. IP-Address and browser information, is only saved for spam checking and is deleted after spam check and aggregation of data. The data is aggregated in a format, that removed any references to browser information, ip-address and any other device specific information. The Ad analytics data, is used for validating ad performance. All data is stored within the EU. No data will be sold to any third-party. Data will only be used within the Zeit Agency company and it customers. GDPR Data Protection Rights We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following: The right to access - You have the right to request copies of your personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service. The right to rectification - You have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete. The right to erasure - You have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions. The right to restrict processing - You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions. The right to object to processing - You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions. The right to data portability - You have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions. If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.