We don't collect any personal data or cookies that can be utilized to collect personally identifiable information about you. When our creatives / rich media are executed, we only collect the personal data your browser transfers to our server and that is technologically required to display our creatives to you and assure their stability and security (the legal grounds for this are provided in GDPR art. 6(1)(f)): IP address Date and time of the request Time difference to Greenwich Mean Time (GMT) Content of the request (specific site) Access status/HTTP status code The volume of data transmitted each time The website from which the request is coming Browser Operating system and its interface Browser software language and version We are using static.recod3suite.com to collect all anonymous ads metrics, such as clicks, impressions and video metrics, without any user personally identifiable information. For completeness of information, please find below your rights according to the GDPR: Right to information and access Right to rectification or erasure Right to restriction of processing Right to data portability Right to object to processing In detail: According to GDPR art. 15, you have the right to request access to and information about the personal data concerning you that we process. In particular, you can request information about the purposes for processing, category of personal data, categories of recipients to whom your data was/is disclosed, planned retention period, existence of rights to rectification, erasure, restriction of processing or objection, existence of a right to complain, origin of the data if it was not collected by us and existence of automated decision-making, including profiling and in that case meaningful information about those specific processes. According to GDPR art. 16, you have the right to request prompt rectification of your incorrect or incomplete personal data that is stored by us. According to GDPR art. 17, you have the right to request the erasure of your personal data that is stored by us if its processing is not necessary for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information, compliance with a legal obligation, reasons of public interest or the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims. According to GDPR art. 18, you have the right to request restriction of the processing of your personal data if you contest the accuracy of the data, the processing is unlawful, you oppose its erasure and we no longer need the data, you require it for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; or you have objected to processing pursuant to GDPR art. 21. According to GDPR art. 20, you have the right to obtain your personal data that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to transmit that data to another controller. In accordance with GDPR art. 7(3), you have the right at any time to withdraw the consent you have previously given to us. This will mean that we will in the future not be permitted to continue processing the data for which the consent was granted. If your personal data is processed on the basis of legitimate interests as defined in GDPR art. 6(1)(f), GDPR art. 21 provides you the right to object to the processing of your personal data if your particular situation gives you the grounds to do so or if you are objecting to direct marketing. In the latter case, you have a general right to object with which we will comply without you needing to provide a description of any special situation. If you would like to utilize your right to withdraw consent or to object, an email to the following address will be sufficient italyoffice@nubo-marketing.com) (2) Additionally, GDPR art. 77 gives you the right to lodge a complaint about our processing of your personal data with an authority supervising data protection compliance. Generally, you can contact the supervisory authority with jurisdiction over your habitual residence or place of work or over our company's registered office.