What You Get About Skoiy Suite Skoiy® OTT Skoiy® Video Skoiy® Live Skoiy® Posts Skoiy® Assets Skoiy® Ads Skoiy® Archive Talk to us What You Get About Skoiy Suite Skoiy® OTT Skoiy® Video Skoiy® Live Skoiy® Posts Skoiy® Assets Skoiy® Ads Skoiy® Archive Talk to us privacy policy Last update: 05-07-2021 Service Policy PRIVACY AND COOKIE Identification Skoiy is a trademark of YouOn Consulting Lda, hereinafter ("YouOn" or "YouOn Group" or "us" or "we" or "our" or "Skoiy"). The purpose of this Privacy and Cookie Policy (hereinafter, the "Policy") is to regulate Skoiy data processing activities. We respect and take your privacy very seriously and are committed to protecting your personal data. To ensure the protection of your personal data, we define it as any information that may, relates to, describes, directly or indirectly, identify you. YouOn Consulting Lda is a company with headquarters in Praça Dona Maria II 344, 4760-111 V.N. Famalicão and NIF number is PT509936628. Skoiy technology collects and uses data to make online media delivery more relevant and reporting purposes. Skoiy is a media suite platform specialized in media distribution and media monetization for Media Groups, Advertisers, Media agencies, Publishers or similar, (hereinafter, "Clients" or "Partners") display their Media Content or Advertising Campaigns through Skoiy platforms on websites or apps of theirs, or ours partners. Skoiy suite are divided into different platforms, and this Policy will depends on the way or which service you interact with. The Policy focuses on specific regulations such as GDPR in Europe and we are committed to offering you the best privacy protection. Therefore opt-out mechanisms provided herein are accessible to any data subject that intends to benefit from these mechanisms. Our employees and contractors are bound by confidentiality obligations regarding the personal data processed. Please note that we may update or change this policy. If we revise this policy, we will publish a new version with the date of the latest amendment of this Notice at the top of the page, so you can see when it was last amended. Any questions regarding the processing of your personal data or should you intend to exercise your rights under any privacy law and/or this Privacy Notice, please send a request to privacy@skoiy.com Information Information Do Not Collect We do not collect or process: Any sensitive personal data or Children's Personal Data. Any information about you that reveals your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions Any data concerning your health, genetic and biometric information Sex life or sexual orientation hardware-based identifiers such as UDID or MAC Address Information We Collect The Information that may be collected it's not related to you directly. The data is collected through tracking technologies such as tags, embedded scripts, cookies, pixel tags. The following data helps us to measure page interaction information. Identifiers: IP address, with the objective of controlling the frequency and delivery Activity information: (i) Page URL (ii) Browser Information (name and version) (iii) Device Information (Device type, OS, Modal, Brand) (iv) Network information (Wifi, 4G or Wired connection) (v) User Interactions with media content through our player or media embed scripts. (vi) Non-precise location information at the country and/or city level that are derived from user IP Address. Streaming and Advertising services, with the following purposes: Analytics: Aggregate measurement of the data of each media action (number of impressions, clicks,views, interactions, etc ...) in order to report to the partners and clients of Skoiy. Re/Targeting: We use data that allows us to segment the media to users based on the information collected (location, device, content visited, etc.). Capping and Frequency Control: Limiting the media delivery and number of exposures of a user to the same content (e.g for 2 times a day). Data shared with third parties: With the objective to help us analyse results, measure delivery, segment ads, avoid fraud and, in general, audit the quality of service. Rights You have the right to access,rectification, delete, be forgotten,portability, and restrict processing of your personal information. Right of access to your personal data and to obtain further information concerning the processing of your personal data. Right to rectify any inaccurate personal data. Right to delete your personal data, when possible. Right to request the limitation of the processing of your personal data, Under certain circumstances. Right to oppose the processing of your personal data Right to data portability where the processing is based on your consent or on a contract between us and is carried out by automated means. Right to revoke the consent granted to us. Do Not Track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. Some browsers transmit "Do Not Track" ("DNT") signals to websites. We do not respond to DNT signals or other mechanisms from these browsers. For information about Do Not Track, visit www.allaboutdnt.org Data shared with Third Parties In order to provide the Services, we may need to share data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents and will depend on the way or which Skoiy service you interact with. Analytics and Audience measurement: We transmit data to companies such as Google Analytics in order to validate the accuracy of our targeting or measure the demographic reach of our network. Hosting: We utilize third party data-center providers to store data. Advertising services, with the following purposes: SSP / DSP Platforms - We may send part of the information when the ad request is made available to Programmatic Buyers through SSP and DSP platforms (as Real Time Bidding). Those companies are responsible as independent controllers of the data used to deliver their ads through Skoiy technology. Self-Regulation Skoiy adheres to the Interactive Advertising Bureau's (IAB) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. We are also participating in the IAB Europe's Transparency & Consent Framework as a "global vendor". Retention We will only keep your data for as long as it is necessary to offer you these services. Aggregated information, which cannot identify a natural person and is processed for analytical purposes is retained for as long as reasonably necessary. Need help? Talk to our experts. Enter your professional e-mail Enter your professional e-mail +351 252 096 217 send I authorize to be contacted for more information. *Do you only have a personal email? Contact us through *Error submitting request, please try again later! Skoiy is a suite of platforms that work together to provide a powerful and comprehensive solution for the digital media business. More productivity with a fully integrated workflow, designed to be used together or independently. Skoiy Suite Get More Time For Creativity & Strategy schedule a demo What You Get About Contact us We are members of Follow us Facebook LinkedIn Language PT EN privacy policy © Skoiy. Copyright 2022, A YouOn Group platform. Get More Time For Creativity & Strategy schedule a demo Follow us Facebook LinkedIn Language PT EN Skoiy Suite privacy policy © Skoiy. Copyright 2022, A YouOn Group platform.