Navigation Behavioural Targeting Data Provider Retargeting Dynamic Banners Imprint Privacy Behavioural Targeting Data Provider Retargeting Dynamic Banners Imprint Privacy Home Privacy Privacy Privacy statement Our data privacy statement, sets out how we handle personal data. We are aware of the importance to users of how personal data are handled and we assure you that we observe all relevant legal requirements. We consider the protection of your privacy to be of paramount importance. For this reason, compliance with the legal requirements on data privacy is, for us, a matter of course. Contact BSmartData GmbH Kirchenstr. 8, 82234 Weßling, Deutschland info@bsmartdata.com Personal Data Personal data refers to any information about personal or factual circumstances of an identified or identifiable person. This includes information and details such as your name, home address or other postal address, telephone number and also your e-mail address. Legal basis Your data are handled according to the following legal provisions: - With regard to data communicated in forms, etc. with your consent, Art. 6(1) (a) GDPR - With regard to services you use for the performance of a contract , Art. 6(1)(b) GDPR - Otherwise, with particular regard to statistical data and online identifiers based on legitimate interests, Art 6(1)(f) GDPR (see below) Legitimate interests When handling your data, we pursue the following legitimate interests: - Improving our service - Protecting against misuse - Statistics Data sources Unless otherwise specified, we obtain the data from you (including via devices used by you). Retention period We retain your data, - if you have consented to this as part of processing, until such time as you withdraw your consent, - if we need the data to undertake an agreement, until such time as the contractual relationship with you ceases or legal retention periods expire, - if we use the data on the basis of a legitimate interest, until such time as your overriding interest obliges us to delete or anonymise them. Purposes of use Personal data will only be collected by us to the extent and for the purpose for which you provide the data to us, e.g. for registration. We use and store your personal data as part of our services for the following purposes only if you have provided us with your express consent: Kontaktaufnahme Data protection We have taken extensive technical and organisational measures to secure your data against potential risks, such as unauthorised login or access, unauthorised perusal, amendment or distribution, as well as against loss, deletion or misuse. In order to protect your personal data against unauthorised access by third parties when being transmitted, we secure data transmissions, if necessary, using SSL encryption. This is a standard encryption procedure for online services, particularly for the Internet. Cookies Cookies are small files that your browser stores on your PC in a directory designated specifically for this purpose. These cookies can be used e.g. to find out whether you have already visited a website. Most browsers accept cookies automatically. Nevertheless, you can change the settings in your browser, so that no cookies can be stored or so that your explicit agreement is required before any cookies are stored. You can also delete previously set cookies at any time. Please note that disabling cookies may result in your use of our website being restricted. We need cookies for the following purposes: Retargeting Web analysis Like almost all website operators, we use analytical tools in the form of tracking software to ascertain the number of users using our website and how frequently they visit. Usage-related advertising The advertising displayed on this website is optimised for you through anonymously collected and processed data about how you use our services, so that you can see advertisements relevant to your interests. For this purpose, a cookie will be stored on your computer. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer's hard drive. They enable your computer to be recognised but do not permit you to be identified personally. Behavioural targeting is carried out by third-party companies which also run advertisements for the websites of other providers. These third-party companies then create the usage profile themselves using cookies and apply their respective targeting systems to select the data collected for the purpose of user-oriented advertising. We use the following company for this: Amobee To optimise advertising for you based on your browsing interests, we have authorised the following companies to collect usage data. You will find further data privacy information on the website of each of these companies relating to the services that it offers: Amobee Another option for disabling cookies with regard to usage-based advertising is offered by the BVDW preference manager, www.meine-cookies.org/cookies_verwalten/praeferenzmanager-beta.html and the preference management of YourOnlineChoices, www.youronlinechoices.com/de/praferenzmanagement/ Rights of the data subject Right to access, rectification, right to object, to complaint, erasure and blockage. You have the right to request information about whether and which personal data is processed by our company. You also have the right to demand that your personal data is rectified or amended. Under certain circumstances, you have the right to request that your personal data should be deleted. Under certain circumstances, you have the right to demand that the processing of your personal data should be restricted. You can withdraw your consent to the processing and use of your data completely or partially at any time with future application. You have the right to obtain your personal data in a common, structured and mechanically readable format. If you have any questions, comments, complaints or requests in connection with our statement on data protection and the processing of your personal data, you can also contact our data protection officer in detail. You also have the right to complain to the responsible supervisory authority if you believe that the processing of your personal data is in violation of the legislation. Requirement or obligation to provide data Insofar as this is not expressly stated, when data are collected, the provision of data is neither required nor obligatory. Date of issue of this data privacy statement 09.04.2018 We reserve the right to make amendments at any time to this data privacy statement for future effect. This data privacy statement has been compiled with the assistance of the ePrivacy GmbH data privacy statement generator. Contact BSmartData GmbH Kirchenstrasse 8 82234 Weßling Mobile: +49 1511 569 49 79 Phone: +49 8153 953 39 96 Fax: +49 8153 984 34 74 E-Mail: info@bsmartdata.com Imprint Privacy Toggle the Widgetbar Deutsch English This website only uses functional cookies - if you continue to use it we assume you agree with that.OK