Solutions By Product Type Ad Fraud Brand Safety & Suitability Contextual Targeting Efficiency & Optimization Viewability By Channel CTV & Video Programmatic Proprietary Platforms Mobile & In-App Audio By Customer Type Brands & Agencies Publishers Platforms & Partners Insights IAS Insider Media Quality Reports Research Innovation About Quality Impressions™ Newsroom Leadership & Awards Careers ESG at IAS Careers Log In Investors Contact APAC Search Privacy & Other Policies Privacy Policies Website Privacy Policy > Technical Solutions Privacy Policy > State Privacy Notice > Other Policies Site Indexing Policy > Anti-Corruption Compliance Policy > Sanctions Law Compliance Policy> IAS Modern Slavery Statement > Microaggression Policy > Human Rights Policy > Return to Privacy & Data Management Portal > GET IN TOUCH Stay in touch with us and get the latest news. CONTACT US Sign up for fresh insights SOLUTIONS By Product Type Ad Fraud Brand Safety & Suitability Contextual Targeting Viewability Efficiency & Optimization By Channel CTV & Video Programmatic Proprietary Platforms Mobile & In-App Audio By Customer Type Brands & Agencies Publishers Platforms & Partners INSIGHTS IAS Insider Research Media Quality Reports ABOUT IAS Quality Impressions ™ Newsroom Leadership & Awards Careers HELPFUL LINKS Contact Log in Privacy & Data Management Portal © 2023 Integral Ad Science, Inc. Accessibility statement Site indexing policy Privacy policy Subscription management Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information © 2023 Integral Ad Science, Inc. Close Search Hit enter to search or ESC to close Search for: Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information Your Opt Out Preference Signal is Honored Your Privacy Operationally Necessary Sale of Personal Data Your Privacy When you visit any web site, it may store or retrieve information on your browser, mostly in the form of cookies. This information might be about you, your preferences or your device and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to. The information does not usually directly identify you, but it can give you a more personalised web experience. Because we respect your right to privacy, you can choose not to allow some types of cookies. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings. However, blocking some types of cookies may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. More information Operationally Necessary Always Active These Tracking Technologies are used for the core operations of the Website. Without these Tracking Technologies, the performance of our Website may fail. For example, ensuring that your preferences related to which Tracking Technologies are enabled on the Website are respected without interrupting your account access as you move around the Website. Cookies Details‎ Sale of Personal Data Sale of Personal Data Under the California Consumer Privacy Act, you have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale of personal information by using this toggle switch. If you opt out we will not be able to offer you personalised ads and will not hand over your personal information to any third parties. Additionally, you may contact our legal department for further clarification about your rights as a California consumer by using this Exercise My Rights link. If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we have to take that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore we would not be able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences. Analytics Switch Label label These Tracking Technologies allow us to assess how users navigate and interact with our Website allowing us to measure and improve our services based on consumer interests and tendencies (such as knowing which parts or features of the Website are the most and least popular). Note that if Advertising Tracking Technologies are enabled, they may interact with Analytics Tracking Technologies to improve advertising features. Advertising Switch Label label These Tracking Technologies help us, and other parties, personalize ads that are shown to you on our Website, as well as on other online services. If enabled, these Tracking Technologies allow you to receive cross-context and targeted advertising across online services over time. For example, if you show interest in one of our products shown on our Website, you may receive an advertisement for that same product on a different online service. Cookies Details‎ Back Button Cookie List Filter Button Consent Leg.Interest checkbox label label checkbox label label checkbox label label Clear checkbox label label Apply Cancel Confirm My Choices Reject All Allow All