Thank you for installing our app. Data Privacy Policy The umlaut insightCoreSDK is provided by umlaut communications GmbH, Am Kraftversorgungsturm 3, 52070 Aachen, Germany ("umlaut communications"). Any use of the corresponding host application, where the umlaut insightCoreSDK is part of, is only allowed under the conditions as outlined below. Declaration of Consent to Data Processing By downloading and using a host application, which is enabled by the umlaut insightCoreSDK, you are consenting to the data processing as described in this Data Privacy Policy. With using the umlaut insightCoreSDK, we collect personal-related (pseudonymous) data. This is information that is not directly associated with the real-life identity of the user, for example, the type of internet connection, the measured velocity and location and measurements from connectivity tests, as well as system and usage parameters, and, provide those anonymized to our partners. In NO case do we collect content information such as messages or passwords. Data Privacy - What we stand for umlaut communications are aware that you consider a particularly safe handling of all your personal data as extremely important. Therefore, we guarantee that all your data is processed by us in accordance with the provisions of the relevant EU legislation, as implemented in Germany. What information is collected The umlaut insightCoreSDK collects personal-related (pseudonymous) data. This is information that is not directly associated with the real-life identity of the user (and which could not be used to identify them individually), for example, the type of internet connection, the measured velocity and location and measurements from connectivity tests, as well as system and usage parameters. At the latest after six months, the pseudonym is automatically replaced by a new random number. Information collected will at NO time be associated with names, email addresses or phone numbers of users. In NO case do we collect content information such as messages or passwords. In addition to the results of the tests run by the SDK other localization information and technical (system) parameters are obtained. Some technical parameters (such as wireless network information) are collected periodically, e.g. subject to GPS localization events. As far as IP-addresses are concerned, those will be masked on collection within the app, by removing the last three digits; therefore, a correlation to a single user is no longer possible. Specifically, the following data will be collected from the user's device and analyzed: Measurement results as executed by the umlaut insightCoreSDK (active measurements "Connection Test") Internet availability / success ratio Download time Latency ("ping") Measurement data collected through use of the device (passive measurements) Download speed Upload speed Dropped calls Wireless access technology Coverage / signal strength System and usage parameters User ID (pseudonymous random number) Wireless network information (e. g. network operator, Cell ID, signal strength, SSID) Device information (e. g. model, operating system) Location information (e. g. longitude / latitude) Usage information (e. g. transferred amount of data, call logs) App usage (e. g. of all installed apps, their usage time, duration, volume and location) Time information (e. g. time stamps of the measurements) Other system information (e. g. battery status, memory usage, connected devices) Release information (e. g. app build, data formats) The regular execution of the connection test and the collection of the passive measurements and system and usage information take place in the background. The connection test is regularly checking the availability of a data network connectivity to the internet and, thereby, it consumes less than 3MB in total per month. Purpose of Data Collection The data collected is used statistically, with the purposes of supporting the development and improvement of communication networks as well as usage-related analyses. Transfer of Information With acceptance of the Data Privacy Policy, you agree that the information described above, is stored and can be transferred anonymously to our partners. Personally identifiable data (like name, phone number or email address) are NOT collected and, therefore, can at no time be transferred to third parties. The collected pseudonymous data are only transferred in context of their analyses to our partner umlaut communications. Lawfulness of data processing is your consent according to Art. 6 (1) a) of GDPR. Right of the Data Subject You have the right of access, rectification, erasure, restriction of processing, notification obligation regarding rectification, erasure, and restriction of processing, data portability and objection. You have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. To do so, please contact us free of charge. You can also contact our Data Privacy Officer at the e-mail address ins.datenschutz@umlaut.com. Please provide your User ID in the e-mail. Opt-out You always have the option to uninstall the application. With the application being uninstalled, the collection of information is stopped immediately and respective data is erased from your device. User ID: Terms of Use Use of the umlaut insightCoreSDK You are not authorized to distribute the umlaut insightCoreSDK and its contents, logos or graphics in any way. Legal notices that appear in conjunction with our services may in no way be removed, defaced or altered. We grant you in this regard, a non-exclusive, non-transferable right to use this umlaut insightCoreSDK. With cessation of service, the right to use ceases. You are not authorized to use the umlaut insightCoreSDK beyond the permissions by this contract nor have third parties use it or otherwise make available to any third party. In particular, you are not permitted to copy the umlaut insightCoreSDK or any part thereof or to decompile the umlaut insightCoreSDK. You agree not to use it in an improper manner. This means that you may not modify or manipulate the umlaut insightCoreSDK and its data. By using the umlaut insightCoreSDK, you will not acquire any copyright or intellectual property rights in our services or the content, logos and graphics that you access, which means you cannot use them without our explicit consent. The umlaut insightCoreSDK is provided to you free of any charge made by us. The umlaut insightCoreSDK will transmit data and this transmitted data may, however, incur costs or be deducted from your data allowance depending on your service contract, and you remain responsible for any such charges to from your service provider. We try to keep this data volume as small as reasonably possible. Liability umlaut communications do not warrant that the transferred information is accurate and complete. Except as provided by law, we are not liable should you incur damage from improper, incomplete or delayed transmission of information or a fault of the umlaut insightCoreSDK. If the umlaut insightCoreSDK or the transmission of data leads to interference or damage to hardware or software, we are responsible only to the extent caused by intent or gross negligence by us. We are not liable for any data loss, and you are advised (as you would be when installing and using any app) to ensure you have appropriate backup of the data stored on your device. Although we always do our best to keep the umlaut insightCoreSDK free of viruses, we do not guarantee that it is virus-free. Again, as with any app you may download and use, you are advised to take care of your own protection and ensure you take appropriate security measures to prevent viruses. You are not entitled to a continuous and uninterrupted availability of the umlaut insightCoreSDK. However, we endeavor to achieve the highest possible availability and troubleshoot as quickly as possible. In addition, we have the right to temporarily or permanently discontinue our service, even without notice to you individually. In accordance with the Product Liability Law, nothing in these terms seeks to limit or exclude liability in relation to death or personal injury. Final Provisions German law applies to the exclusion of the UN purchase law. umlaut communications reserves the right to update this Data Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Last modified: 3rd June 2020 --- END OF DOCUMENT ---