We value your privacy We and our partners store and/or access information on a device, such as cookies and process personal data, such as unique identifiers and standard information sent by a device for personalised ads and content, ad and content measurement, and audience insights, as well as to develop and improve products. With your permission we and our partners may use precise geolocation data and identification through device scanning. You may click to consent to our and our partners' processing as described above. Alternatively you may click to refuse to consent or access more detailed information and change your preferences before consenting. Please note that some processing of your personal data may not require your consent, but you have a right to object to such processing. Your preferences will apply to this website only. You can change your preferences at any time by returning to this site or visit our privacy policy. MORE OPTIONS DISAGREE AGREE Sign in Contact us Home Publisher Advertiser Content owner Content Gallery News Contact us Sign in Privacy Policy In order to offer a wide range of services, aimed at achieving the assumed goals, we obtain and process a number of information about Internet Users of website (Users). Information that we collect and process, their scope and other data depend on the services that are used by Users. In order to provide Users with knowledge about these processes, below we present information regarding the processing of the personal data and the privacy policy that we apply. The purpose of this privacy policy is to set out the principles governing our use of personal information that we may obtain about you. By using the website, or by registering as a user of the services that we provide, you agree to this use. So, we ask you to read this privacy policy carefully. For your knowledge and awareness, we would like to emphasize that we collect two types of information. Personal Information Personal data: MEDIAWAYSS Sp. z o.o. collects personally identifiable data, such as your name, surname or email address, when it is voluntarily submitted to us at this website. MEDIAWAYSS Sp. z o.o. and the companies we hire uses these information to comply with your request for information or as otherwise disclosed to you during the submitting your information. From time to time, we may refer to that information to better understand your needs, and how we can improve our services. We may use that information to contact you. We will not otherwise transfer the personally identifiable information you provide at this website to any third party unless otherwise disclosed to you or it is described in this privacy policy. Usage Data: We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used by You ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data. Payment data: Moreover, we can collect payment data, that include: payment data for Publishers, payment data from Advertisers. These data are processed in order to perform cooperation agreements with our Publishers and Advertisers. Payment details may include: name, address, email, swift code, account number. This is not a limited list. These data are used to make settlements, including tax settlements. They may be transferred to relevant state offices and authorities and to third parties participating in these settlements. The collecting and processing of these data is necessary for the performance of contracts offered by us. The processing of these personal data takes place without separate consent, but they are used only to conclude an agreement between the parties. Non-Personal Information In common with many commercial organizations we monitor the use of the website by collecting aggregate information. We may automatically collect non-personal information about you such as the type of internet browsers you use, the pages you visit or the website that directed you to our site. But you can not be identified from this information, and it is used only to assist us in providing an effective service on this website. The information that are processed Personal data is subject to legal regulations regarding their processing. The personal data is data for the identified or identifiable persons. The processing of personal data is, for example, collecting, storing, recording, ordering, modifying, browsing, using, sharing, restricting, deleting or destroying. Due to the nature of personal data and legal requirements for the processing of personal data, this data is the subject of this privacy policy. Other data, due to the lack of identification, are indifferent in this respect. This privacy policy applies to all cases where Mediawayss is the administrator of personal data and processes personal data. This applies both to cases in which personal data being processed is obtained directly from the data subject and cases where we have collected personal data from other sources. For your convenience, you need to be aware that MEDIAWAYSS Sp. z o.o. may contains links to a number of other websites. The privacy policies and procedures described here do not apply to those sites; we suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their data collection and distribution policies. Processing of personal data: Personal Data Administrator The personal data administrator is Mediawayss a limited liability company with its registered office in Warsaw, Nowogrodzka Street 50 local 515, 00-695 Warsaw, Poland, entered into the Register of Entrepreneurs of the National Court Register under the KRS number 529442. The personal data administrator is competent in all matters related to data processing personal information. You can contact with personal data administrator via email, by application form or in writing to the address of administrator's office. Legal grounds for processing Due to the use of Mediawayss by Users, different legal grounds for the processing of personal data may apply. It depends on the data category and the purpose of their processing. Personal data may be processed by us on the basis of the legitimate interest of the personal data administrator, for example in the area of database creation, analytical and profiling activities, marketing activities, for administrator, except situations in which the overriding nature of these have interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the person they concern, requiring the protection of personal data, in particular when the data subject is a child. In this case no additional consent is required. Personal data may be processed by us for marketing purposes in the area of database creation, analytical and profiling activities, marketing activities, in our activity outside. In this case, personal data are processed on the basis of consent given by the User of our website. Personal data of persons using our services may be processed in order to perform the contract concluded between Mediawayss and the User in the scope of services offered by Mediawayss. In this case, personal data are processed because it is necessary for the performance of the contract, and therefore no additional consent is required In addition, personal data may be processed by us, if it is the obligation of the personal data administrator, imposed on him by law. In this case no additional consent is required Time of processing personal data The time that we may process your personal data depends on the legal basis that constitutes the processing of personal data by Mediawayss. 1. If the case that personal data are processed on the basis of consent, the processing period continues until the user withdraws the consent. 2. In the case of processing of personal data on the basis of a legitimate interest of the personal data administrator, the processing period lasts to the end of the existence of such interest or until the opposition is filed by the data subject. 3. In case that personal data are processed because it is necessary due to the applicable law, periods of data processing for this purpose are defined by these provisions. Rights connected with personal data processing You have the following rights in connection with the processing of your personal data: the right to access your data, including obtaining a copy of the data, the right to request data rectification, the right to delete data, the right to file a complaint with the supervisory body dealing with the protection of personal data, the right to limit data processing. If your data is processed on the basis of your consent, you have also the right to withdraw consent in the scope in which they are processed on this basis. Withdrawal of consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing that was made on the basis of consent before its withdrawal. If your data is processed on the basis of consent or as part of the service provided (data is necessary to provide the service) you have additionally the right to transfer personal data, i.e. to receive from the administrator your personal data, in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. You can send this data to another data administrator. If your data is processed on the basis of a legitimate administrator's interest, you can also use the right to object to the processing of data in the scope of processing data on that basis. After effectively raising the right to object, your data will not be processed unless there is a valid legally justified basis for processing that overrides your interests, rights and freedoms or the basis for determining, investigating or defending claims. In order to exercise the above rights, please contact the administrator or the Data Administrator. Additional Information We have implemented technologies, and policies with the objective of protecting your privacy from unauthorized access and improper use and will update these measures as appropriate as new technologies become available. Legal Privacy Policy Opt Out Terms and Conditions FACEBOOK LINKEDIN © 2022. All rights reserved