Solutions Gallery Contact Why Us Careers About us Log in Solutions Gallery Contact Why Us Careers About us Log in Privacy Policy Thank you for using the VidCrunch website (the "Website" or "Site"). This document outlines VidCrunch privacy guidelines, to which you agree by using the Site. Regular updates of the privacy policy are completed, requiring you to check back on this policy from time to time. We provide this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") in order to explain our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is used by us. This Privacy Policy applies to any and all information submitted or collected on this Site. You agree to this Privacy Policy, in its entirety, when you access or use our Site. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy in its entirety, you are not authorized to use the Site in any manner or form whatsoever. Collection of Information Personal Identifiable Information (PII). PII is information that allows us to directly identify and communicate with you as an Individual, client or prospective client. We may collect and retain PII that you provide through our Site. This may include first and last name, physical address, email address, phone number and other information. Such information may be voluntary provided, for example when you register an account on the Site or request more information through a form on the Site. We may collect other PII you provide through the Site. Non-Personal Information (NPI). When you visit the Site, we may collect certain non-personal information from you, including your Internet Protocol (IP) address, the date and time of your visit, browser type, operating system, the specific web pages visited during your connection, and the domain name from which you accessed the Website. In addition, we may collect information about your browsing behavior, such as the date and time you visit the Website, the areas or pages of the Website that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing the Website, the number of times you return to the Website and other clickstream data. We may also use non-personal information for statistical analysis, research, and other purposes. Like many commercial websites, we may analyze how visitors use our Site through what is known as "cookie" technology. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer when you access the Site and allows us to recognize you each time you visit the Site. We may use cookies to: (1) enhance or personalize your Website usage; (2) monitor Website usage; (3) manage the Website; and (4) improve the Website and our services. If you choose, you can set your browser to reject cookies or you can manually delete individual or all of the cookies on your computer by following your browser's help file directions. However, if your browser is set to reject cookies or you manually delete cookies, you may have some trouble accessing and using some of the pages and features that are currently on our Website, or that we may put on our Website in the future. We may also use web beacons on the Website, in our emails and in our advertisements on other websites. Web beacons are tiny graphic images that are used to collect information about your Site visit, such as the pages you view and the features you use, as well as information about whether you open and/or act upon one of our emails or advertisements. We may also collect the URL of the website you visited immediately before coming to the Website. Web beacons help us analyze our Website visitors' behavior and measure the effectiveness of the Website and our advertising. We may work with service providers that help us track, collect and analyze this information. We may combine the non-personal information we collect, such as through cookies and web beacons, with other information we have collected from you. Children`s Privacy This Site is a general audience website and is not specifically designed for or targeted to children. VidCrunch does not knowingly collect, use, or share any Personally Identifiable Information from children under the age of 18. If VidCrunch becomes aware that Personally Identifiable Information regarding a child under the age of 18 has been inadvertently collected at this Site, VidCrunch will take reasonable steps to delete it from VidCrunch records Use of Information Subject to all applicable laws and regulations, if you choose to provide Personal Information, it may be used for and/or shared with trusted third parties for marketing products and services that you might find of interest. We reserve the right to share, rent, sell or otherwise disclose your information with/to third parties in accordance with applicable laws. We may also employ other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf. Examples include sending direct and electronic mail, removing duplicate information from customer lists, analyzing data, and providing marketing analysis. In addition, we may also disclose your personal information as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process. You agree that by submitting your information at the site, you agree to receive mobile marketing including, but not limited to, text-message based marketing ("SMS Messages"), from us and our third party affiliates, advertisers and marketers. Should you hereafter choose to opt-out of receiving SMS Messages from the individual sender, you may opt-out as specifically set forth in the communication. Security We take reasonable and appropriate security precautions to secure the personal information that you choose to provide against the loss, misuse, alteration, or unauthorized access of such information. Unfortunately, no transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure. While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security or confidentiality of any personal Information you transmit to us. You agree that your access to and use of this Website - which may include data storage and data transmission - are done at your own risk. Third Party Websites The Website may contain links to third-party websites, including Facebook and Twitter, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. We are not responsible for, nor do we endorse, any of the activities and practices that take place on these sites. Accordingly, we recommend that you review the privacy policy posted on any external site before disclosing any personal information. Please contact those websites directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies. Contact Us If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us via e-mail; or by writing to us via certified mail to PrivacyPolicy@VidCrunch.com. If we need, or are required, to contact you concerning any event that involves your information, we may do so by email, telephone, or mail. Your Opt-Out Rights You may opt-out of receiving communications from us and or our third-party associates by not submitting your information. When contacted by any of these third parties, you should notify them directly of your choices regarding their use and sharing of your information and to opt-out of receiving additional offers from them or any other third party with whom we have shared your information. To opt-out from receiving any additional email communications regarding the Site, please send your request in writing via email to PrivacyPolicy@VidCrunch.com. Please note that we reserve the right to send you service related communications, including service announcements and administrative messages, relating either to your account or to your transactions on this Site, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them unless you cancel your account. Solutions Gallery Contact Why Us Any questions? Reach out to us and we'll get back to you shortly. info@vidcrunch.com Office addresses Miami Büro Coconut Grove 2980 McFarlane Rd, Miami, FL All rights reserved © VidCrunch LLC Privacy policy Terms and conditions